I saw Simon Birch in a fundamentally exhausted theater, on a Sunday afternoon.
When the film was finished and the public was released, I did not hear a negative comment, and I did not have to offer.
Simon Birch mainly talks about the friendship of two twelve -year -old boys, Simon (Ian Michael Smith) and Joe (Joseph Mazzello), and what Destiny is holding for both.
Simon is a dwarf, who was not supposed to last all night after birth due to a weak heart.
Surprisingly, he does, and now reminds everyone that he is a living miracle.
Simon thinks that God has a plan for him, a goal for his life and his state, he just doesn't know what.
Joe is an illegitimate child (referred both comically and radically throughout the film as a bastard), who mom (Ashley Judd) will not tell him who is his father.
Simon has more than just a nanism as a problem, the people of the city do not really like it, because it is not "natural".
Even his own parents do not care about him and are disappointed that they had no "normal" son.
He is also harassed at the church by the local pastor, Reve.Russell (David Strathairn) and the chain of Simon smoking the professor of the Sunday school played by Jan Hooks.
The only person, apart from Joe, who really cares about Simon, is Joe's mother, whom he also admitted as a mother.
It would just be Simon's chance, that he would accidentally kill Joe's mom, something you are told at the start of the film.
Joe, now without mother and father, feels the need to find out who is his real father.
With the help of Ben (Oliver Platt), the local theater teacher and the current boyfriend of Joe's mother (before his death), he will try to locate his father and have a little problem on the way.
Most of these problems are laughing out loud, but not all that.
Simon will also seek God's plan for him, although he loses a little faith along the way.
Jim, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey.
Jim plays Joe's adult version and does an impressive job starting the film, then binding it right.
He is the first character that Jim played who is not exaggerated anyway, and he does commendable work.
Simon Birch is written and directed by Mark Steven Johnson is his first film as a director, but he wrote several films, including the Grumpy Old Men series.
He does a work of writing and exceptional realization here, the structure of the film is impeccable and its flows together.
The dialog box goes from extremely funny to gloomy without missing a beat.
The cast is excellent.
Joseph Mazzello gives remarkable performance.
Joseph is exceptional for someone all ages, not alone someone who has just been 15 years old.
Ian Michael Smith, in his cinema debut, has such a strong physical presence that you believe that he is Simon without any hesitation.
Other major performances have returned by the rest of the support distribution.
I loved this film, it was by far one of the best films I saw all year round.
Take your whole family to see Simon Birch is a magnificent film - an American masterpiece.