I did not know how appropriate the name of this film was until I call the MPAA (The Motion Picture Association of America - People who decide what G, NC 17, PG, R OR X)To ask why the overview was classified as we can understand their answer, let me tell you about the film itself.
 "The Celluloid Closet" is a documentary on how homosexuality has been represented in films in recent decades.
It's brilliant, funny, nasty and extremely poignant.
He tore my heart to look at a lesbian screenwriter explaining that, as a rule, the gay public is hungry for any suspicion of homosexuality on the screen.
Whatever the sail - or the sordid - the presence of a gay or lesbian person allows others to reduce their feeling of isolation and gives them the impression of being as invisible as America seems to want them to be.
The film itself is classified R - and for a good reason.
It contains scenes of bloody and violent gay denigration and graphic sex, not inhibited.
As with any film, I appreciate knowing these things in advance, so that I can decide for myself if I have to see the film with a friend, an appointment, my 11-year-old niece, 11 years old, 11 years old, 11 years old, 11 years old,alone or not at all.
But it's the film.
Now back to the overview.
Before this film was released in theaters (it was initially filmed as a documentary for HBO), I saw the trailer to come from attractions at least six times.
There was no nudity, no violence, no bad language, nothing that I could not see who would be offensive or inappropriate for a general audience (OK, Whoopi Goldberg referred to someone "burn" someoneOne, but the last one I knew it was not one of the seven words that you cannot say on television).
Except for a scene of two fully dressed men who kiss.
Hmmmmm.
When I inquired about the note on the trailer, a very kind woman of the MPAA cited in "The Handbook" that an approved trailer for all audiences could contain "no homosexuality or lesbianism and no descendanton someone".
Hello? I was in the office and it was the middle of the day.
Bravely, I continued.
 "I saw this trailer, oh ..
Probably half a dozen times, "I tasted ....
 "And I don't remember this scene."
 "Well," she chirps.
 " it's here .
Our little eyes are trained to see this. "
not really .
In Dave Barry's words, "I don't invent that."
Are they "trained" to "see that?"
When someone who was shocked by the note the first time and took note of looking at him carefully the next five times, managed to let him pass in front of her?
My God, I certainly do not want to question the MPAA, or "the manual".
However, I would like to suggest that it is they who are in the closet on it.
And the light is not good in there.
But, after having seen "the celluloid closet", and being one of the handfuls of hetero people involved in a mainly gay and lesbian weekly biblical study (send me an email and I will give you the details), none of everythingIt was a big surprise.
The goal of the film was that homosexuality, even in the 1990s politically correct, is ridiculously perceived as a threat to a mainly heterosexual society.
A well done point in this candid and honest film.
Now, I could go on the MPAA decision according to which a trailer must contain "no homosexuality or lesbianism" and ask how it is defined, in particular in the light of certain things, sexual and non-sexual, thatI watched directly people do it in the trailers.
I just don't feel the need to go, because it seems so obvious.
I would rather suggest that the MPAA has reassessed its evaluation criteria.
Let the notes do not reflect the content of subject, such as "sex" and "violence".
Let them reflect the contents of the attitude.
In the future, I would be interested whether the film is classified D for disrespectful or S for stereotypical.
Then, I could really make an informed decision on the way I spent my time.