Although many people have compared this new gangster comedy with HBO success drama "The Sopranos", analyze that it is enough mind and entertaining to be a good full -fledged film.
Billy Crystal plays Wiseguy Shrink Ben Sobol, who is a new "patient" being the boss of Gangster Paul Vitti (de Niro.)
Ben does not want to have anything to do with Vitti, because he is about to marry Laura MacNamara (Kudrow) and having a gangster as patient would not really help.
But Ben is quickly attracted to Vitti Worlds and reluctantly helps to settle his life.
Everything done in a comical way, of course.
Although never brilliant, analyzing this is also never garbage, which makes fun driving.
Billy Crystal, who has not played a good role since City Slickers went back to the early 90s, has a role that allows him to fully exploit his sage act.
He is quite funny while he does it, and although his character is a bit close to his character in City Slickers, he is quite funny.
Robert de Niro is hilarious as a Vitti, playing the dead dead but realizing as really funny.
It is a serious gangster ignoring that it is a comic gold mine.
Lisa Kudrow, barely considered a woman far from the crystals to be, essentially resumes her role of T.V Phoebe The Friends of the V series, who become rather boring and do not go well on the screen.
The support distribution is apparently made up of the entire distribution of Casino and Goodfellas, and are all funny caricatures, in particular the bodyguard jelly of Vitti (Joe Vitrelli.)
The film really plays like a good gangster film, but with laughter instead of speaking hard.
It sometimes becomes a little bloody for a light film, but it integrates strangely.
The usurpers are made of famous gangster films, including a beautiful parody of the godfather.
Italian tunes playing in the soundtrack contribute to pleasure.
There are also strange intrigue points: FBI guys appear and suddenly disappear for no apparent reason.
It is true that the analysis had a somewhat checked production story, and perhaps the points of the plot have been extended in a previous version of the script.
Unfortunately, it's Hollywood, so we will never know.
Harold Ramis, better known as Egon de Ghostbusters, has a skillful touch with the comedy of realization, as shown in the day of the immortal marmot, and the less immortal caddyshack.
All the comic strip potential of a scene is drone and presented to the public.
The script, written by Ramis with Peter Tolan and Ken Longan, begins funny, remains funny for the most part of the film, but unfortunately, it is somewhat off during the last twenty minutes where it wrongly enters a more serious territory.
The film is however short, and just before the public interest decreases the film between suddenly in a rather precipitated and unsatisfactory end and the credits.
Analyzing is a good comedy and is certainly worth watching.
Robert de Niro Sobbing is a reason enough to look at him, even if it seems forced, or as a parody (although I think it was intentional.)
Crystal has been his friendliest for years, Kudrow has been given as little screen time as possible, which is a good thing, and Niro is simply great.
It is not goodfellas, and it will probably not be recalled as much as the Groundhog day, but to analyze it is a well -made comedy that will not let you deceive.