Is it just me, or have Disney films gradually lost their appeal?
I was almost amazed by the quality of "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?", A fun and unique look at a world where cartoons and people lived together.
 "The Little Mermaid" has returned and perhaps exceeded, the classic Disney animations of the first half of the century.
However, the endless flow of "The Little Mermaid" Wanna-Be's manages to reach me.
You know The Spiel: a recycled gearity intrigue from a well -known story, a colorful and almost psychedelic animation, the main character who learns a precious moral lesson, the comic / acolyte companion, apparently inaccessible love interest, some songscatchy, a pepper of adult jokes, and the Warner-Brothers-Coyote-Fall-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off-off.
It is a formula, and like any formula, it becomes tedious.
This is why I am delighted to hear that Disney has recently taken international distribution rights on the works of Ghibli, a Japanese cartio studio.
From what I saw of their films ("Kiki's Delivery Service" and the "My Worship -American - distributed" My Worship Totoro "), the foreign public is in a treat.
These films, in particular the "Kiki delivery service", are wonderfully original and entertaining.
 "Kiki's Delivery Service" begins with an unusual premise: Kiki, hearing forecasts from clear sky, decides that it is time for her to leave the house.
It is unusual because Kiki is not a student or a young adult who makes her debut in the world, but a thirteen -year -old girl who wants to start her training as a witch.
Her mother is also a witch, and as thirteen is the compulsory age for such training, her parents call her to leave and put only jet resistance.
The idea of a witch heroine can scare certain audiences, but no mention is made of the occult, and the subject is treated safely throughout the film: Kiki's mother acts as a village doctor,And Kiki is unable not to do more than Quevolez on a broom.
Kiki must choose a city to move, and what she chooses is the film's co-star: a German sea port city, far from the life of the country to which it was used to.
Initially lost in the impersonal immensity of her environment, she is discouraged and unable to support herself through her rudimentary skills as a witch.
On the verge of leaving for a new city, it uses its flight power to deliver a pacifier to a baby who dropped it.
The favor ends up flourishing in his work as a mail, a single delivery service.
This is where the film becomes shocking.
Kiki's work is a catalyst for it to achieve the beauty of the city and the world around it.
The inhabitants it is put in contact has an inner value which does not seem forced or artificial, but simply derived from looking ordinary people in a different light.
They are three -dimensional, impossible to assess quickly, to have faults and to reserve themselves naturally in kindness towards a strange girl.
However, everyone has something about them, a certain interest or a line, which makes them interesting and unique.
The personal beauty of citizens is supplemented by the beauty of the environment: the city of the sea port really looks impressive, capturing the European charm of a medieval city adapted to the most modern needs of the 1950s.
This beauty is a beauty with a depth; for each remaining detail, dozens are only on.
I could probably continue all day, but I will not do it; just say that many of these minor details could have been the highest point in the film.
Some of my favorites are Kiki's relationship with the baker's husband: although he is calm, never shown speaking to Kiki throughout the film, and he initially scares her, his kindness wins his friendship.
In the garage of the house of a delivery, there is a vintage model t. of old ladies have an evo relationship From the master-service to friendship.
These details give the impression that the beauty shown in the film is only the tip of the iceberg.
Added in addition to this is a lesson on the importance of self -esteem.
Kiki initially seems to derive a large part of his self -esteem from the beauty of her environment and the people around her, but a meeting with a coarse girl crashes on her bewonderment, making her question the importance of asuch beauty.
It makes you lose confidence in Kiki itself.
However, Kiki comes to achieve not only the beauty of her environment, but innate beauty in her.
Seeing Kiki regaining faith in itself is wonderful, and the main device used to do it is so sublime that I don't even want to allude to it.
The end of the film has a subtle charm combined with a feeling of fear and, ironically, the most Disney moment I have ever seen; if you do not hold your breathless breath, you may want to get medical care.
The film is released from many Disney conventions: there is no violence, as caricatured, no song and dance number, and Kiki's jiji cat is more a friend than a comic acolyte, although Jijihas many funny and funny lines and scenes.
However, I would be surprised if Disney does not make more jokes in Jiji, or at least the voice of an actor.
Refreshingly, the moral lesson of the film is not self-contract, a habit that Disney films have made.
 The beauty of "Beauty and the Beast", for example, learned that beauty was derived from the person inside, and was then rewarded by the transformation of the beast into a beautiful prince in snazzy clothes.
Kiki, on the other hand, learns to separate her wardrobe from his self-image, and nothing more is made of his first desires for better clothes than illustrating his increased maturity at the end of the film.
Another difference with Disney films is in the animation style for "Kiki's Delivery Service": not as colorful and dynamic as Disney animation can be, but with greater attention to realism and details, itAdapts to the film to a T.Tela is particularly true with the scenes of Kiki flights.
The extreme realism of birds in flight near Kiki is magnificent to see and helps these scenes to capture the wonder of Flight better than any other film I have ever seen.
I don't know when or how this film will be released in the United States.
Disney provisionally plans a theatrical outing of "Monoko Hime" shortly after the Japanese release of the summer of 1997, and should start to publish the other Ghibli films after that.
I suppose that some will be published on Video and that some will be released in theaters in the peak seasons without competing Disney.
Although the wait is regrettable, it is good to know that it was released at all, because "Kiki's Delivery Service" is definitely a film worthy of a generalized promotion and release.
Watch this film.
With "Dog manages", and maybe something Woody Allen is the best film I have ever seen.