"When you get out of prison, you can kill him."
With Ashley Judd, Tommy Lee Jones, Bruce Greenwood.
to classify.
Double Jeopardy is a Luride and Préparère thriller which is also one of the most pleasant of the year.
It is a hyperactive actuator without compromise, brutal, joyfully anarchic which has a mission and never turns away from it.
There is not a moment here when the events on the screen have no direct turnover on the plot; once the film is, it never stops.
It was described as a female version of the fugitive and it is probably a correct evaluation of the plot, but the film itself has little in common with the collaboration Andrew Davis / Harrison Ford in 1993 in addition to the presence of the starTommy Lee Jones.
Not even cared for the introduction of the character, the director Bruce Beresford spreads the gas pedal from the start and never finds the brake.
We meet, rather in a hurry, Libby and Nick Parsons (Ashley Judd and Bruce Greenwood, respectively) a married couple apparently happy, with a Matty son, 4 years old. They go out on a sailboat one night, and after a period of sexRockin ', they fall asleep.
Libby hears a strange noise, wakes up and discovers that it is covered with blood.
She follows a red path to the upper bridge, where she finds a knife and, by astonishment, picks it up.
At this practical moment, the Coast Guard presents itself and Libby is arrested.
Her lawyer, a friend, sets up a defense in court, but we know that she is innocent, the evidence against her is too convincing.
Her friend adopts her son and she goes to prison.
Once in prison, she makes a phone call to her friend.
His friend gives the phone to her son.
Nick walks in the room.
The little Matty shouts "Dad!"
The phone is dead.
Libby realizes that the man she is imprisoned for killing is not even dead.
She obtains advice from a prisoner / former lawyer, who tells her that since the state has already condemned her for having killed her husband, they cannot condemn her again of the same crime, which means that when sheis released, she can kill him and they can't touch her.
After a strangely short time, she leaves parole.
She is sent to live in a house with other recent conditional liberated, under the command of the conditional liberation officer Travis Lehman (Tommy Lee Jones).
She maintains a mission to find her husband and recover her son, which turns out to be much more difficult than expected.
She ends up following him to New Orleans where she discovers that he has long killed her girlfriend and "adopting" her son.
Double Jeopardy is based on a legally false hypothesis.
The law indicating that no one can be condemned twice for the same crime supposes that it is the same crime: at the same time, same place, same circumstances.
It is not as if it was important.
This is a thriller that rolls a good; intense, exciting, fast and furious.
It's silly, but it's the kind of movie you just don't put back.
In some films, plausibility is everything.
However, the double threat does not concern meaning: its only goal is to entertain, and this is the case.
Judd helps the film a lot in a difficult role.
This is its box office performance in small groups, and it is great.
It brings a certain emotion to what could have been a one -dimensional role, giving the film a little soul to accompany its hunting scenes and its effective action pieces.
Tommy Lee Jones mainly takes up the role for which he won an Oscar in the fugitive, but the film makes good use of his mind in the face of stone.
Fortunately also, Double Jeopardy refrains from developing a romance between Libby and Travis; a secondary intrigue which would undoubtedly have interfered with the history of the film.
This is one of those films where the cops are the bad guys, and I took a sort of sick pleasure.
The pure anarchy of the procedure was simply wonderful, because Ashley Judd launches the shit of each car Figure Hority in the book.
After all the idealistic Hollywood features with hero cops, skilled FBI agents and the virtues of the American legal system, it is great to see a film that does not demonstrate their error so much that it is delighted with their failure.
The double Jeopardy is really good, but it is not the kind of good that remembers or recognized with rewards.
This is one of those films better seen with the deactivated brain, if not, your brain will be busy ruining your experience.
It is a thriller that does not care to be intelligent or plausible.
Instead, he diverts all the attention on the action which, this year, is unequaled.