All those who have been offended by the fact that there is something about Mary should not walk in the waters of the American Pie, a Rollercoaster of Rouncoaster from Rauch Rauch.
And while this fashionable and fashionable summer film is essentially a bad taste exercise, it also demonstrates a surprising sweetness at the end.
American Pie is the last entry of the tariff targeted by offensive adolescent this season.
I have to question the studio that publishes a film like this.
The producers are targeting these films with a crowd 15-24, but while pushing the limit of the sexes and violence possible in a classified film R.
Some have even justly avoided the Dreded NC-17, a note that the MPAA gives when the adult content even exceeds that of a limited film.
American Pie was threatened with an NC-17, but after cutting a few scenes from the finished product, he received a R. But at least this new addition is not as careless and ruthless as something like South Park.
He is sick, perverse and ultimately disgusting - not to mention extremely funny.
American Pie is about four desperate teenagers who make a pact to lose their virginity by the ball evening.
Jim (Jason Biggs), Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Oz (Chris Klein) and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) are a quartet of high school students in their last year who think that sex is something they have to liveTo succeed in their lives in their old man.
Jim invites what it does when you reach the third goal, to which one of his friends answers: "Like a hot apple pie ... '.
Of course, this encourages the scene unfairly exposed in the trailers, in which Jim and a freshly cooked pie have a very intimate moment in the corner of the kitchen.
There are many moments, like this, in which the director Paul Weitz uses a game plan similar to that frequently displayed to Marie: to make the public break laughing with disgusting disbelief.
American Pie is a difficult effort that has reconstructed rewards if you manage to stick to it.
I loved the young casting in this film.
Consider the subject that these actors dealt with, obviously the suggestivity has never competed in any of their previous projects, and you should appreciate their performance.
Biggs is more than pleasant, and Chris Klein (who recently played a jock similar to the elections) is obviously a young talent upwards.
But in a film dominated by adolescents, the best performance comes from the actor Eugene Levy (from the SCTV on television), which is unexpected and shiny as a worried father of Jim.
The scenes in which familiar father-son conversations are brought to new interesting levels are the funniest moments to find in American Pie.
After Levy discovered the new use of Jim for the apple pie, he said to him: "I did a share of this kind of thing when I was your age.
But I have never used pastries. '
These are performances such as his own, and Bill Murray in Rushmore, which are often unjustly rejected when the awards are delivered.
There are less than original aspects of the film.
A bathroom incident involving the Pinson and a bottle of ex-lax is something we have already seen.
If Weitz plans to take after the Farrelly brothers, then it is a resolutely reckless decision: the same farce was fired in the brother's stupid, and used for greater effect.
Second, the characters are forced from a shy culminating point which seems more artificial than fun.
But at some point, in which we discover that American Pie has the heart of himself, Biggs asks his friends why he undergoes so much pressure for something that is "not very important anyway. '
And so we realize that even if the film is expressive on a subject which is barely appropriate, it always manages to be mature.
in his way .