Let's say you live at the end of an airport track.
Large line planes continue continuously on your home, by clicking on your windows and allowing some moments of peace.
Let's say that the floor under your feet is also contaminated by toxic substances and that the high -voltage electric lines cross the steel towers just meters from your house.
Now let's say that a airport conglomerate wants to buy your property in order to extend the track and offer you more than it is worth.
Wouldn't you jump into the air and that your bags have packed before landing?
Of course, you would.
But what happens if this land was your idea of paradise and the house your castle?
This is what they are for Darryl Kerrigan (Michael Caton), and although it is happy that a multinational company wants to buy his house, sorry, it is not for sale.
Unfortunately, the company exerts a lot of influence on the Australian government, which serves Darryl and its family with what is equivalent to an expulsion notice.
Not about to take this bed, Darryl enrôt the help of his friend's unprecedented lawyer Dennis Denuto (Triel Mora) and made a determined attempt, although pathetic, to retaliate.
The castle, an Australian comedy by Rob Sitch, is perhaps one of the simplest films that I have seen from recent memory, but also one of the funniest.
In fact, it is the dependence of this film to simplicity that succeeds.
The good and the bad guys are clear, the humor is simple and the scenario is as simple as possible.
This is the perfect configuration for a good relaxing and hilarious moment, and as much as I hate admitting it, I liked the fact that I did not have to think a lot by watching this film.
I just sat down and had fun.
The situation is the one we have seen before: regular Joe Riposte against the government, or large companies, or something else.
What makes this film different are its characters.
Darryl thinks he has the best life in the world - he tells his family that living next to electric lines is a constant reminder of the success of humanity, he asks who would never want to go out and eat in a fancy restaurant when he will haveThe festival of meat bread prepared by his wife Sal (Anne Tenny), and he swells with pride when his son Dale (Stephen Curry) digs a hole in the courtyard.
Steve Kerrigan (Anthony Simcoe) constantly combs purchasing and sale advertisements looking for "investments" like jousting sticks and spotlights above, while Wayne Kerrigan is in prison, following maneuvers of theincompetent audience room from Dennis Denuto.
The great thing about Kerrigans is that they are not that stupid as they become boring.
These are just a group of simpletons whose naive nature is perfectly harmless and even endearing.
We look at them with a little pity, but a lot of affection.
Sitch writers, Santo Cilauro, Tom Gleisner and Jane Kennedy emit this adorable group of unlikely crusaders against a stoic judicial system and a condescending condescension, more polarizing the extremes and deepening our feelings for the Kerrigans.
Sympathy for their situation, the laughter they bring us, and the wonderful characterization of the family, as simple as it can be, leaves us a degree of emotional investment that really makes us worry about what happens to them.
I suppose that one might wonder how much the characterization can go deep when your characters are as stupid as the Kerrigans, but believe me, it works.
I particularly noted that the writers did not have to use Slapstick in order to laugh.
Make no mistake - Slapstick, when he is well executed, maybe a genius.
It's just that too often, a film will use its use as a shortcut for fun the public, not always successfully.
Instead, the jokes of the castle are all articulated on the dialogue pronounced by these people who have no idea that they are completely biased for the rest of the world.
When they are alone, they are funny, and Wh They are with normal people, they are hilarious.
One of the few problems I saw with this film was a detour taken halfway.
The Kerrigans go to a vacation spot for apparently no reason other than to make some additional jokes and increase the time of the film.
Fortunately, it is a funny little detour that, although slightly distracting from the main motivation of the film, is always very pleasant.
With all the lightness abounds in the castle, the film always manages to face a fairly heavy concept, that of the innate law of a citizen to keep his property, a problem which was bandaged in the courts through the civilized world with resultsdifferent.
I am not sure that the monologue of the courtroom towards the end of the film would really hold in real life, but it highlights the essence of the Constitution (of Australia) and certainly seems impressive in any case.
And, moreover, it's more than what I expected from a light film like this.