SICK: The life and death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist
by Fernando Vallejo
With Bob Flanagan and Sheree Rose.
Kathe Burkhart, Kirby Dick and Rita Valence interviews.
Product and produced by Kirby Dick.
Operating time: 90 minutes.
This film is not noted.
The central themes of "Sick: The Life and Death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist" are pain and love, and its subsequent effect on the life of a person.
Its protagonist, Bob Flanagan, who died at the age of 52, suffered from cystic fibrosis, a deadly disease that weakens the lungs by saturating them thick layers of mucus, preventing it from normal breathing.
The film is much more than rewarding (or attempting) of this disease.
A daring and fabulously triumphant documents, "Sick" recounts the life of Flanagan and his vicious and unthinkable acts of sadomasochism led with his 15 -year -old mistress, Sheree Rose, who incredibly provided a large part of the images of the film.
The idelogy of Flanagan crosses the kingdoms of the rebellion and becomes transcendental, similar to the brilliant "Crumb" by Terry Zwigoff of 1994, which also explored the dysfunction of an artist by painting not a sympathetic, but realistic portrait.
Crumb and Flanagan were delighted with their faults.
But Flanagan was not only a man just endured the pain via the lungs, he inflicted acts of pain at a very young age, courageously defying God (he was an Irish Catholic) and transforming his body into awork of art, which he dedicated to museums and conferences.
Here are these works of physical art.
Among them is a metal ball inserted inside his anus, and, - the most disturbing scene of the decade -, nailing his penis to a board.
Flanagan was a man of great intelligence, spirit and humor, as well as the adoption of a feeling of frankness barely seen in modern cinema.
Not only did he approach his illness with humor, but the burlesque acts of implementation before an audience, but he was also revitalized by his approach.
Most cystic fibrosis do not pass beyond twenty (there is also a secondary intrigue involving a female who knew that death was waiting for him.
 ))
But the most remarkable thing about "SICK" is Flanagan's relationship with Sheree.
Overflowing with honesty, sensual stimulation and moments of shameless pain, their powerful bond lifts "sick" in a rare cinematographic sum, where we forget that we are in an auditorium and that we are one of these people.
The last scene, where we see the hero murmur the last words to his wife in a hospital bed, while he fights for his last moments of life, is raw, tender, hideous.
This goes beyond cinematic intimacy.