John von Neumann, anchored IT era and mathematician of crucial importance on the Manhattan project, underlined a long time ago that there is an excellent way to explore the cosmos, even without recourse to a more light tripQuick than light.
You send self-reproductive robot ships that explore and radiate information.
This can take decades, centuries or millennia, but it can be done with feasible technology, and does not require a faster than light magic disc.
In the 1950s, the British astronomer Fred Hoyle improved on this level by suggesting that it would be preferable to radio the plans for a complex computer and a program for this; all civilization capable of receiving the transmission could build theComputer, which would then engage in a real-time dialog box with the extraterrestrials, exchanging information and technologies, and, hopefully, to return what he had learned.
About thirty-five years ago, the BBC contracted with the astronomer / writer Fred Hoyle and the writer Frank Elliot to create the scripts of a mini-series called A for Andromeda.
AFA concerned the reception of a Hoyle transmission, the construction of a huge computer, the analysis of the life of the computer on Earth and its creation of an apparently human intermediary to facilitate communication.
It was played with an inhuman ethereal perfection by Julie Christie then unknown.
The public's response was so strong that the BBC contracted a suite, Andromeda Breakthrough, which played just as high notes.
Dennis Feldman, whose previous credits include The Golden Child, have never been noted for coherent and well -structured film scripts; they start very well, then disintegrate into a prosecution and action marsh, attenuated only by thePresence of the beautiful compulsory girl.
Feldman writes good scenes, but has no idea how to tell a story or write a film, even with a previous version to use as a model.
Now, in species, we have an ordinary recovery of the intrigue of Andromeda, derailed by a concern concerning the elimination of the clothes of the leading woman and more ruined by a mediocre attempt to imitate several horror filmsRecent in terms of splashes, gore and prosecution.
The species presents Ben Kingsley, who is completely wasted in a poorly written representation of a weakly amoral scientist.
Forest Whitaker and Alfred Molina are also badly served by the script.
The history of the species is relatively simple; we have radio on ourselves information about ourselves and our DNA in space and we have been receiving answers for two years.
 (Note that, in the 1970s, we really did not know that the structure of the human genome, and we were barely able to radio a set of plans for human beings.
Even today, all we can do is give information on DNA and how it works, not a copy of human DNA, because we have not yet analyzed it.)
The answers we obtain from the unknown extraterrestrial source are plans to recreate a member of the extraterrestrial race, and Doctor Xavier Finch, played by Ben Kingsley, is in charge of the attempt.
The script begins to get out of the deep end at this stage, when the result is a beautiful young girl who can turn into several forms of extraterrestrial life.
The first half of the film has something to offer, as "sil", the extraterrestrial girl, fights with her multi-formular existence, going from beauty to lizard via the giant cockroach and vice versa, while tryingto understand your own place in Lecosmos.
It seems strangely well informed about human society, with blatant shortcomings where its social skills should be.
His instincts are to mate and procreate, and some of the best scenes deal with his attempts in this area.
Eassembled from his birth laboratory in Utah, Sil is chased by a team of civilians drafted with the order to find it and kill it.
It goes to a food frenzy, turns a cocoon and emerges as an adult, played by Natasha Henstridge, which makes a long way to recreation Pure and inhuman beauty Julie Christie achieved in 1960.
The pursuers: Michael Madsen is an assassin / exterminator; Forrest Whitaker is a practical empath / psychic, as if the U.S. Government had in fact such people on appeal.
Neither is capable of doing a lot with the writing and staging provided.
Whitaker's role seems to aim to make Whitaker a male copy of Star Trek: the "cleavage of the advisor" of the next generation.
The other members of the strike team are played by Marg Helgenberger and Alfred Molina.
Kingsley and Whitaker are both professionals accomplished, too good not to work at the best of their abilities; but the performances that Donaldson has obtained from the rest of the distribution are disappointing and bland, and it is obvious that the management was a bit weak.
H.R.The Giger's design for the main form of the extraterrestrial creature is actually a little boring when we can finally see it, although the previous digital effects were well made.
The main fault of the species is the lack of originality; it starts with a wonderful premise, although borrowed, and was not designed.
All we get is hunting scenes and some beautiful sex scenes, with some thrown monsters.
There is no accumulation of tension and suspense, no highest point worthy of the name; the species is only a sequence of "fear" scenes stuck together.
The film is carried by its pursuit and sex scenes, but not saved by them.
On the other hand, as an exercise in science fictional action / adventure, he certainly beats the ichor of judge Dredd.
The species earn one or two additional rating points to have Ben Kingsley and Natasha Henstridge on board, but overall, it's fun only for those of us who really like this kind of thing.
My personal note is three stars, but eliminates one or two if you do not appreciate the ladies enough without clothes and bloodthirsty extraterrestrial monsters.
MPAA classification: R (violence, gore, nudity, sex, language)
Stars: Ben Kingsley, Michael Madsen, Forest Whitaker, Alfred Molina, Marg Helgenberger, Natasha Henstridge directed by: Roger Donaldson produced by: Frank Mancuso Jr.et Dennis Feldman Tapped by: Dennis Feldman Cinematography: Andrzej Bartkowia Music: Christopher Young Time Run:108 minutes appearance ratio: 2.35: 1 of MGM, opens on July 7, 1995