There is something about Ben Stiller who makes him a popular choice among casting directors these days.
Stiller has three projects in circulation currently, and what other actor can claim this?
It is in "There is something about Mary", which I still do not see.
And he is in the acerbic "your friends and neighbors", playing a talkative and sexually frustrated dramatic coach called Jerri.
Now there is "permanent midnight", in which Stiller plays another Jerry, this one a toxic-to-see television writer, the surname Stahl.
There is also something in this industry that pushes stars bancables like Stiller to take drug photos per minute when they have proven to be commercially.
Ewan McGregor comes to the mind which, after having succeeded, "Emma" and "Brew", received more respect and admiration for its breathtaking realization as a return to the unwanted transatlantic buttock of Danny Boyle, "trainspotting".
Philosophy seems to be simple: if you want them to be taken seriously, make them drugs.
 "Permanent Midnight" is based on the real life experiences of Jerry Stahl, a successful Hollywood writer who, in the mid -80s, had a job of $ 5,000 per week to produce intrigues for disposable television sitcoms and a $$ 6,000 -a week's heroine hawks.
A habit, in Stahl's own words, "The size of the Utah".
As Stahl, Stiller has a dominant performance.
Unlike "trainspotting", which managed to have them in both directions in chronicles both the ups and downs of heroin abuse, "permanent midnight" is rather focused on the concept of drug addiction as maintenance.
One of the first observations of the film is an occasional reference to the author of "Naked Lunch" William S.burroughs who, when he was asked why he was pulling the day in the morning replied: "So I can shave."
Stahl rarely seems to puncture the veins for the thrill of all this in "permanent midnight"; it is so that he can speak to his mother on the phone, to go to work in time, even pay his bills.
While the film itself sometimes oscillates with Stahl, the writing (adapted from the autobiography of Stahl by the director David Veloz) is controlled and sharp.
 "Permanent Midnight" shows how Stahl went from New York to L. Un. - Still in the author's words - "escape the drug scene" (yeah, right); why he entered aPractical marriage to a British television director (Elizabeth Hurley, so incredibly polite that you would swear that her blasphemy was nicknamed); and that he designed a child between his random hires and her licensees.
Stahl tells all of this in a motel room to a sympathetic lover called Kitty (the own Maria Bello by Norristown) with whom he spent a rehabilitation time.
Janeane Garofalo is wasted - and malfasted - as a heavily béscumulated Hollywood talent who fails to put her hooks in the doped Wordsmith, and it is Stahl himself playing an adviser in blasé clinic.
Stilleur, not razed (burushs take note) and with a lot of mascara around the eyes, Stahl stumbles through the film resembling a wreck of the train but, on his credit, never once, his pill and jabbing performance inThe needle.
Omnipresent ignition is the reason to see "permanent midnight"; a dark, comical and strangely absorbing study of assisted life.