You have much better mail work than it deserves.
In order to make the film a success, everything they had to do was launching two extremely popular stars, to share the screen with them for about two hours, then to collect the profits.
No real actor was involved and there is no original or inventive bone in his body (it is essentially a complete closure of the store at the corner of the street, adding only a few modern twists).
Essentially, he goes against and challenges all the concepts of good contemporary cinema.
It is too sentimental and sometimes terribly pasty, not to mention very manipulative.
But oh, as this manipulation is pleasant.
But there must be something other than the casting and manipulation that makes the film work as well as that, because I absolutely hated the previous Ryan / Hanks teaming up, sleepless in Seattle.
This could not be the realization, because the two films were directed by the same woman.
I have not yet understood what I liked with you have mail, but again, is it really important?
If you like something so much, why question it?
Again, the scenario is also cliché they come.
Tom Hanks embodies Joe Fox, the incredibly sympathetic owner of a book chain at a reduced price and Meg Ryan plays Kathleen Kelley, the even more incredibly sympathetic owner of a children's bookstore led by a family entitled, in a beautiful tribute,Boutique at the corner of the street.
Fox and Kelley quickly become bitter rivals because the new Fox Books store opens through the small business block.
They do not know, they are already in love with each other on the internet, only parties do not know the true identity of the other.
The rest of the story is not important because everything it does is to serve as a backdrop for both stars to share the screen.
Of course, there are slightly interesting sub -intrigues, but they all fail in relation to the total kindness of the main relationship.
All this, of course, leads to the predictable highest point.
But as predictable as the end, it is so cute and well done that I doubt that any film of the whole year contains a scene as it does as much pure joy as this part.
When Ryan discovers the true identity of his online love, I was filled with such, for lack of a better word, happiness than for the first time all year round, I left the theater smiling.