A few years ago, I did not attend a retrospective by Ingmar Bergman a few years ago as a film as intransigent in its representation of emotional truth as secrets and lies.
Like Bergman, director Mike Leigh is interested in probing the interior depths of his characters through hypernatural blunt confrontations.
Like Bergman, Leigh engages in frequent close -ups of delighted and kissed faces of his characters.
And the important mourning of a cello on the soundtrack recalls the use by Bergman of a cello series in a previous film.
All that is missing is a discussion of God.
This does not mean that secrets and lies are nothing more than a tribute to the Swedish master.
In fact, it is quite possible that Leigh did not have such intentions in mind.
Nevertheless, what we obtain is so far from the average cinematographic experience - even from the reason why we go to the cinema in the first place - that it takes a certain effort to adapt to the rhythms of the film.
Once the adjustment is made, however, there are great awards.
One is an opportunity to see life on the screen as it really is.
Although Leigh may have adopted some of the stylistic touches of Bergman, he is obviously in a first cross-section scene during the tense conversation of a married couple, as well as in this somewhat invasive score, the general feeling ofFilm is that it avoids "" style "at all.
While Bergman uses artifice as a tool to expose reality, Leigh makes the camera a simple observer, almost as in a PBS documentary.
The effect of this is to focus all your attention on the actors.
It is a tribute to all those involved that, despite such an examination, we are rarely aware that anyone * acts *.
Many have been made of the performance of Brenda Blethyn, and rightly, but it is only when you remember that you are looking at a fiction that you make how good it is.
There are a few missteps.
On the one hand, with the exception of a scene (tragicomic, as happened), there is little humor in the film.
This leads to a certain monotonous tone throughout.
And sometimes (as with Bergman), the franchise of situations may seem forced.
For all this, this long film manages to keep your attention.
It is regrettable that the public of secrets & lies is most likely limited to an intellectual elite, because there is nothing intrinsically intellectual in this film.
In fact, it could easily resonate more strongly for millions of working class filmmakers who will probably never see it.
There is even a gentle but important irony in the tacit point of view of the film on racial relations, which an American public would do at least to observe.
However, secrets and lies are not for the less heart.
Although there is nothing physically horrible to make a delicate, the exploration of common human fragility can be so raw and without ensuring that it is tempting to turn away from the screen.
Needless to say, it is also very depressing.
But for many of us, of course, life too.
And although the film is too honest to contact a happy ending, this same honesty allows it to admit that things can also improve.