After the small spacecraft with a simple appearance lands in a car demolition courtyard, passed by a gray and human steel creature with high -stammering eyes and dressed in a muscular costume.
Spencer, the boy who observes this, having seen his filling of science fiction films, thinks that this thing must be a robot in space.
With the exception of Disney and a few others, most studios consider children's films as a way to send a cheap and imagination product and make rapid profit.
Star Kid stands out like this film of rare children which is undoubtedly on a low budget but which is also very imaginative.
Remember, the robot?
It was not one at all but rather an "cyborsuit of phase one".
Cyborsuit is actually a prototype combat reactivity developed by Trelkins and poured for a final recovery when attacked by invading deales.
The significant turn of history is that Spencer arrives inside the cyborsuit, and the cyborsuit, nicknamed Cy, has a lot of cum.
CY continues to question the child on everything, including words like "cool".
Heard this "command", CY quickly starts to reduce the temperature in the cyborsuit until Spencer shouts so that it stops.
And when Cy speaks, we see the point of view of Spencer, the back of the lips and CY eyes.
As Spencer, 12 years old, Joseph Mazzello of the Jurassic Park Film series gives a remarkably good performance as a kid and initially linked to the language.
Even when he is locked in his new powerful cyborsuit, he has his fears but he learns to overcome them.
 "If you run away, things are not improving, whether it be intimate, spiders or girls," advises her science teacher after having had difficulties in the three.
Turbo (Joey Simmrin), the chubby intimidator of the school, beats him on him, the spiders frighten him and, the most embarrassing of all, he cannot speak in the presence of his girlfriend.
With his cyborsuit, he learns a certain bravery that transcends his time inside CY.
Spencer lives with her older father and teenage sister Stacey, played by an Ashlee Levitch with an intelligent mouth, who looks like a young Sarah Jessica Parker.
Stacey laughs at her brother, whom she barely tolerates, referring to him only as "the mushroom".
All this configuration for the oppressed and deliciously funny life of Spencer makes its acquisition of certain superhuman powers a source of cheerfulness and empowerment.
The beauty of Mazzello's performance is that you can feel his fear and share by proxy when he goes after the intimidator to teach him a lesson that he will not forget anytime soon.
The chaos that followed at certain bustles at home, but the slapstick is well controlled by the writer and director Manny Coto so that one never feels embarrassed to laugh.
The romantic angle is managed in such a delicate way.
When CY wants to know if Spencer wants to mate in the object of her desire, Michelle (Lauren Ecssrom), her eyes openly open with repulsion.
 "Watch with her!"
Exclaims Spencer.
 "Plllleeeeease, I just like it that's all."
The show has many twists and turns.
In one, Cy sees a man in a Barney type costume and begins to shoot him, thinking that he is an extraterrestrial life form.
Soon things become uncontrollable, and Cy and Spencer must beat a hasty retirement.
As a positive proof of the class of the series, it actually contains the humor of the bathroom of good taste - thought it was an oxymoron in a photo for children, right?
Cy cannot allow Spencer to leave the cyborsuit, and what happens when it needs urinate becomes both soft and hilarious.
The staging by the director of this sequence is one of the most charming moments in the film.
Oh, and eating is quite funny too.
Spencer, whose idol is the character of the comic strip "Midknight Warrior", can face the challenge of a life when a Broodwarrior comes to capture the cyborsuit.
The valiant battle of Spencer gives her a chance to find her courage.
And the action sequence ES in battle manage to be respectable enough for a children's show full of inventiveness and lacking usual rehearsal.
For a family film mixes humor, fantasy and action, Star Kid offers.
Although this is probably not the kind of film you would like to see without children, with them, you will spend a magical moment with a relatively simple but well developed story.
You will be rooted and laughed with Spencer and his Cy boyfriend throughout.
Star Kid works 1: 41.
He is classified PG for the fantastic fight.
Although the essentially caricatured broodwarrior can scare the smallest children, I have seen none of this in proof in our packaged projection, so I would say that the show is good for children five and more, and perhapsthe youngest.
My son Jeffrey, 8, was really excited by the image.
He called it "a particularly good film" and gave it * * * *.
When I asked him to tell me his favorite characters, he mentioned almost everyone from the boy to cyborsuit at the intimidator.