"Amistad" by Steven Spielberg, who is based on the true history of a group of Africans who revolted aboard a slave ship, was then captured and taken to America where a legal dispute follows on whoThe "possessed" is interested in several different information in this story.
First, the film addresses the question of the inherent evils of slavery.
Second, he deals with the historical involvement of several American politicians in the case, notably President Martin Van Buren and former President John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins).
Finally and above all, he examines the cultural confusion felt by Africans who have been forced to slavery and the damage caused to their native culture in Africa by the slave trade.
 "Fritten" succeeds at least in part with these three elements.
I must admit that I was a little skeptical about what I could really release from another "anti-slavery" film.
After having seen several other films and documentaries on slavery, I doubted that there were a lot of things that I did not already know.
Fortunately, I turned out to be bad.
On the one hand, Spielberg's camera never approaches a plantation from the South and rather sticks to the slave ships and the operations of slave traders in Africa, therefore "Amistad" faced a different partof the history of slavery from the very beginning.
And some of the images here are, in fact, much more painful than what we usually see in films on slavery.
A scene in the middle, in which the crew of an slavery ship have some of their slaves "in excess" by throwing them over board to drown, must be one of the most disturbing film images ofThe year.
Spielberg engages further in the evils of slavery that I did not expect it to do so, and in fact it probably goes as far as a director can without obtaining a NC-17 note.
The austere suffering of Africans contrasts strongly with the shallow luxury of politicians, such as President Van Buren and Queen Isabella of Spain, whose naval officers were involved in the legal dispute and who was only a small childat the time.
Exposing politicians as an opportunistic and narrow hypocrites is fairly standard stuff, of course, but Spielberg and the writer David Franzoni do it well enough so that it always presents itself as something more than a simple simple exercise inpublic manipulation.
The film also examines the controversial nature of the question of slavery at the time, so that John Quincy Adams (and probably other politicians like him), who clearly disapproved of practice, was reluctant to get involved in the'Case until it is on appeal, Toutchemin to the Supreme Court.
The biggest success of "Amistad" is probably the characterization of Cinque (Djimon Hounsou), which appears as a de facto chief of kidnapped Africans and struggles to communicate with Baldwin (Matthew McConaughey), the lawyer who represents them in court.
Thanks to Cinque, we are given a window on native culture, while he and the displaced Africans try to explain to the prison guards of what they need for an appropriate burial of a member of the dead tribe, orto find an illustrated version of the Bible and to try to include the story of Jesus Christ.
Cinque sees the dispute with clarity and simplicity which, once again, contrasts with the technical details and mechanisms of the legal process and political quarrels.
 "What kind of country is it, where do" almost "laws work?" He asked Baldwin in perplexity, when he learns that the case must be retrained before the Supreme Court.
The management of Spielberg sometimes takes care of the manipulative side, as when he adds a strong orchestral swell to the angry explosion of Cinque in the courtroom.
However, there is not enough for this to be a serious problem.
The main defect of this film, which prevents it from winning four stars, is that it seems that Spielberg and Franzoni cannot really manage all this The problems at the same time, they are therefore content to address everyone separately and simply modify the results in the same film.
The contact of this summer, for example, dealt with several problems at the same time, but each of them was somehow present in almost all scene and, above all, all were immediately resolved.
 "Frittadus" tries to bring everything together with a speech from Adams, but he feels a little forced, and in any case the speech itself, which lasts almost fifteen minutes, exhausts his welcome-path.
Perhaps the best way to describe it is: "Frientad" is that three four-star films published in one.
Almost every individual scene works, but the final product does not have the necessary focus and consistency, and is therefore less than the sum of its parts.
However, I cannot honestly say how it could have been done differently, and in any case the story arrives with enough raw emotional power so that it is still a very good film, and therefore I recommend it to all those who canManage the disturbance.