Carla Gugino graduated from the school and instead of staying in her small agricultural town, she goes to university in California.
There, she meets the residential advisor Paully Shore, who is a boy in the city.
When Gugino goes home for Thanksgiving, she brings the shore with her, and her parents (Lane Smith and Cindy Pickett) are less than delighted.
Dan Gauthier, Gugino's boyfriend from the school, offers Gugino.
Gugino is not ready for something like that, so she invents the story that she is engaged to the ground.
She and Shore must give the impression that they are engaged while her parents try to finish it.
Forget Jurassic Park, Cliffhanger, The Firm and Last Action Hero, his son -in -law is the film to see this summer.
The son -in -law is a great romantic comedy that should appeal to viewers, in particular Wiez fans.
When the son -in -law has gone for a long time and forgotten, the successful summer films will always play and you will have the chance to see them then.
This film could also make excellent video dishes for those who are wary of spending seven dollars on it.
Nothing will be lost by looking at him on a television screen.
Although the basic scenario has been made many times before, the film is always fun to watch.
Laughter is abundant, especially when the Wiez is there.
The way some jokes are made is new, even if some jokes are old.
There are also several new jokes that, at least, I have never seen before.
However, when presented properly, even old equipment can still be funny.
This film is simply a light comedy which is great to see if you are in a good mood that does not contain much violence or nudity that is really worth the price of the ticket.
The casting of this film does a great job.
Pauly Shore (Encino Man) is the star attraction of this film.
He's great and knows how to entertain the public.
Pauly Shore simply seems to take control of the whole screen when he is underway with hilarious expressions and comments.
This film would certainly not have been so good with someone else in this role.
Carla Gugino does a very good job as a farm girl gone city girl.
She makes her character credible, at certain levels, but interesting at the same time.
The person who played the grandfather (Mason Adams, I believe) also does an excellent job.
The way he delivered his lines made me laugh throughout the time he was on the screen.
Patrick Renna, who played Gugino's little brother, was a little boring, but nowhere where Macaulay Culkin, and for part of the time, so I can forgive him.
Tiffani-Amber Thiessen (a killer with friends, "saved by the bell") does a very good job for the time she is on the screen.
She shows that she can have potential in films if she can get out of the programming of young adults cheesy on television.
She didn't have much to do in the film, but what she had, she does a good job with.