"Slacker" by Richard Linklater, made in 1991 for a budget of only $ 23,000, immerses himself in the culture of the twenty of the Austin University City, Texas.
Most of these characters are either unemployed or job jobs that are apparently too subordinate to be mentioned.
Their lifestyle is a kind of passive resistance to the idea that people should be released and prosecute a career after obtaining the diploma; they seem to be content to sit around the insufficiency of American democracy, ofThe omnipresence of the moral of slaves, subtle messages of pop culture, etc.
Ask them what they have done lately, and they will more likely answer that no, "Oh, you know, just go out."
Linklater uses an interesting technique to examine these characters: the camera follows a person for a few minutes, then someone else passes and the camera follows this person, who enters a restaurant, just like another person leaves the door.
 .
 .
 .
It is certainly very fun to listen to these characters speak: some of them are clearly very intelligent and have truly insightful ideas, some of them are simply bizarre, and some think that their ideas are much deeper than'They are really not.
The opening monologue, delivered by Linklater himself to a taxi driver, throws ideas on alternative realities that have well set up the winding structure of the film.
Other characters along the way offer observations on everything, relations of meetings to the history of anarchist philosophy, while groups of pseudo-intellectuals give ideas on the nobility of sitting and doing nothingor subtle morality based on corruption in "Scooby-Doo."
For the most part, however, the best moments are those that involve slightly disturbed types.
Towards the beginning, a paranoid man follows a pedestrian for several pâtés of houses, warning him of government plots involving everything, from global warming to the secret colonization of Mars.
Another man seems to collect televisions, keeping at least fifteen sets running at the same time and playing cassettes from a graduate student who has registered himself nervous and destroying the camera.
And in a scene that has made a big laugh of all those present when I saw the film, a man tries to finish the closure after a failed relationship by reciting poetry on a bridge, then throwing a machineWrite in the stream below.
The only problem with "Slacker" is that he starts to run out of steam towards the end.
Since Linklater spends only a few minutes with each character, the introduction of the new characters becomes repetitive after a while.
It is only so many times you can hear: "Hey, what happens?"
 "Not much, what are you doing?"
 "Nothing really, just dragging", before it nervous; the film may well have a slightly slower rhythm and a little more characterization.
And the dialogue in the second half of the film is on the whole not as interesting as that of the first half; a JFK buff, for example, seems to be a pale imitation of the theorist of the previous plot, and many of the characters are generallyNot as strange or unique.
Instead of representing a city populated by mainly normal people, then showing us the strangeness that we might not have noticed at the beginning, Linklater first shows us the strange, then reminds us and reminds us that peopleordinary also live there.
 "Slacker" is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy, whatever its faults, and its classic cult status is well deserved.
I can't help but think it could have been even better if Linklater had slowed down a little and filmed these scenes in the opposite order.