Call him touched by a demon.
Fallen by Gregory Hoblit is a serial killer film with an unusual and horrible touch.
If it is marketed properly, this film could have a cross -attraction for those who appreciate supernatural tales such as prophecy and those who want dark thrillers, such as the silence of lambs and seven.
In fact, there is even a small twin peak to find here, but with the part of the lion of distilled strangeness.
 (Do you remember Bob?)
The biggest failure of the dead is that, although it is always interesting, it is not always as upset and full of suspense as one could hope.
A serial killer (Elias Koteas) was released in Philadephie, but the detective John Hobbes (Denzel Washington), the noblest man in the police, translated him into justice.
Now, during his last hours of death while waiting for his inevitable date with the gas chamber, the mass murderer calls Cryptically Hobbes: "What really happens."
Shortly after, he started singing "Time is on my side" when he took his last step.
A few minutes later, the state of Pennsylvania carried out the execution and Edgar Reese died.
But for Hobbes, the nightmare is just beginning, because Reese was not a normal psychopath? He was the host body of a mythical dark angel named Azazel.
And, with the death of Reese, Azazel is free to jump from one body to another, from murder and wreak to the ravages at will.
Only Hobbes and a pretty teacher of theology (Embeth Davidtz) have an idea of what they are confronted with.
The rest of the cops, including the partner of Hobbes, Jonesy (John Goodman); Lou (James Gandolfinni), a newcomer to the department; and Lieutenant Stanton (Donald Sutherland), has no idea and, therefore, they are deadly.
As Hoblit (Primal Fear) and the director of photography Newton Thomas Sigel shows, Philadelphia is a dark and dreary place? A Gothic city rather than modern.
No skyscraper or other monolith of current architecture or technology is presented.
The most famous benchmark to appear is not Liberty Bell or independence; these are Geno's steaks.
Shadows and night scenes abound.
The days are cloudy and not very promised.
This is the kind of setting where it is easy to believe that the fallen angels walk among men.
Fallen's intrigue is full of potential, which is not achieved.
In one way or another, I expected that a more frightening story sort of something with this kind of premise.
But the level of terror, like that of Gore, is held in check.
Nevertheless, there are several frightening scenes while the spirit of Azazel moves from one body to another when people bang on the sidewalks of the crowded city.
The film also has a sequence of prosecution of a kind which can be described as unusual.
Of the dozens of actors to play Azazel, the best is by far Elias Koteas (Exotica, Crash), which, although only on screen for about ten minutes, gives an incredibly loaded performance.
John Goodman also seems to have fun, although his role for most of the film is relegated to that of a strong acolyte.
Unfortunately, however, these two are the only ones to excel.
Everyone, including Denzel Washington, is boring.
Washington's flat performance is the most disappointing surprise in the film.
It is not that it is bad in itself, but it is not very interesting.
There is no real feeling of vulnerability or despair in the way he portrays his character, and that keeps us distant, also slightly, of Hobbes.
While the circumstances become gradually more disastrous for the cop, and while his chess game for life or death with Azazel approaches the control point, I expected to be more on my seat than me.
Washington's moderate approach is one of them; I have never felt a feeling of urgency.
However, at least Washington was credible, which is more than what can be said for Embeth Davidtz (Schi NDLER list) and Donald Sutherland.
To be fair, the faults of their characters are not all linked to the theater; neither Stanton nor Gretta Milano are well written.
That said, however, there is nothing inspiration in the work of Davidtz or Sutherland.
The two seem somnambly through the parties, as if they knew that their contribution to the film is that of advancing the intrigue rather than developing a multidimensional individual.
Narratively, Fallen has some blatant weaknesses.
Although the continuous intrigue of a convoluted and apparent structure, it uses a voiceover from Denzel Washington to overexplicate things.
Sometimes this is really useful, and it has use beyond evidence, but there are occasions where heavy lines like "I like the night? Sometimes, you found yourself in front of yourself"become a little difficult to swallow.
In addition, Fallen is struggling with the same kind of disgusting and bland generic theology embraced by numerous films and television shows as affected by an angel.
However, despite the negatives, I always recommend to the strength of his complex plot and especially of his end, which I loved.
The final scenes are surprising, daring and unexpected.
It is not often that a development of the plot surprises me by surprise as this did.
At a time when most films collapsed in the last ten minutes, Fallen manages to reverse the trend and redeem himself.
It is not an excellent film, but, given the severity of most of the January versions, it is a reasonably entertaining way of spending two hours.
And, whatever you do, do not get out of the film before the end credits started to roll.