With the opening scene of a young couple in a van that stops, loading their weapons, kissing and pronouncing what looks like "Rock and Roll!"
 (In fact, it's "locking and loading"), you can't help but think of Tarantino.
And of course, with her script for a crazy girl and a loving boy who turns to a violent bank flight, the film shame her place alongside all these other Bonnie & Clyde films to killers bornnatural.
But if most of these films have their roots in Pulp Fiction, exploring a modern myth of the rebels condemned on the run, normal Life examines a much more realistic look at the phenomenon.
 "Inspired by real events" - we have heard it before, and yet in any other story of violent couples has seemed so firmly demonstrated ...
Or so strangely poignant.
Because it is a story of real people whose life takes on a constant quality, which, in their search for a normal life, is increasingly disturbed.
Starting with their final arrest, the film goes up to retrace the relationship between Chris (Luke Perry), a police officer, and Pam (Ashley Judd), a factory worker.
They fall in love and get married, but the increasingly erratic behavior of PAM (continue to spend, striking with a knife after an argument) begin to disturb the solid and stable Chris.
When Chris is dismissed, they find themselves strongly in debt and near the rupture.
Then Chris begins to steal the banks ...
Luke Perry accomplishes the non -inconantable feat to make us almost forget that he was never at Beverly Hills 90210 or Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Moustached, with a hard paternal look and yet a voice and eyes that suggest sadness to sadness in exasperation, he is perfectly interpreted as the husband who has been suffering for a long time.
 (This is another of John McNauughton's Casting-Type's coups, after having transformed Robert de Niro into Nerd and Bill Murray into a gangster in Mad Dog and Glory).
But it is the character of Pam who commands the center, and Ashley Judd takes up the challenge with great alternating currents of ferocity and tenderness, making PAM a fascinating but often exasperating person.
If performance is below grandeur, however, it is perhaps because the role of Mad Woman was done so often before it is practically a must in the cinema, whether in Betty Blue,Tom & Viv or Georgia.
As in these films, there is the danger that the performances seem manipulated, a collection of tics and anger crises designed for the Oscars presentation piece.
Judd does not entirely avoid this pitfall, but Pam's "madness" is the best and the most moving in counterpoint to the more "normal" Chris.
When Pam reacts to the death of his stepfather by presenting himself to the funeral in the rollerblades and the Huraning headphones, the face of Chris is the image of a painful restraint.
Of course, this is the question of what is "normal" that is requested in normal life.
Mcnaughton constantly offers the irony of aspirations to average domestic life and its kinship with madness.
It is Chris Rational who loves firearms ("The shot is a question of precision, control") and "crazy" PAM which loves astronomy and aspires to a dog (which is then called chaos - "Chaos and you and me ....
We are a real family, "she notes with irony).
It is Chris' methodical spirit and his knowledge of the police procedure which allows him to be such a successful bank thief (his well -planned disguise in a bearded and roaring man of terror is another method of madness).
In the parking lot where it takes place for its first flight, a huge panel on a shopping center stands out in the background: "Buy-More"-the perfectly respectable American dream of consumption which led PAM to its extravagant purchases, ettoustwo in desperate situations.
It is not a perfect film.
Part of the dialogue is a too commonplace touch (perhaps intentionally?).
The use of Hark Har The soundtrack, decorating in the crazy scenes of PAM is rather too close to making an emotional disturbance seems glamorous and sexy an image that only harms the rest of the film.
Indeed, as in the seminal film of Mcnauughton Henry: portrait of a serial killer, it is the avoidance of glamor or sensationalism, the denial of some of the standard sensations of the genre of the film Outlaw, which gives this determining filmand moving with his great strength.
McNauughton filmed this story with a silent and coldly "realistic" method that works much better than any NBK theatrics to disturb the spectator.
The suburbs, with their kilometers of white houses and shopping centers, take a feeling of claustrophobic empty.
In its very different way, this allows a backdrop as obsessive as the large open spaces of the Badlands of Terence Malick.
While Pam shares the aspirations of the heroes of Malick to escape from ordinary life, Chris resumes crime precisely so that they can lead a `` normal life '' - their small house on the suburbs is funded by its violent flights.
But these are defined dreams, forced by and even condemned by the limits of the "normal" and conventional world.
The final scene of PAM takes place on the banks of the suburbs, where the border are symbolically developing, the external limits of its society, but also literally the end of the road, where there is anywhere where to go to the tragic final.
The Flying Inkpot's notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.