Seen on February 15, 1998 on domestic video (borrowed from Chris Wessell).
Regarding modern gangster films, it is really difficult to describe and review them without making comparisons with other films like and / or simply to use the word "routine".
I have always subscribed to the philosophy that any idea (no matter how many times it has been used before) can provide a good story and "Donnie Brasco" wins this idea.
It is no different from most great films of the genre, but it never monitoring another style because it has a good layer of authenticity, even if its nucleus is a little stingy.
The film begins typically by defining its New York atmosphere in the late 1970s and the gangsters that inhibit it.
We meet Lefty (Pacino), an aging sage who can still walk and speak.
He and his associates go through the generic movements that you expect to see in criminal films like this.
In one way or another, he comes across Donnie Brasco (Depp), a younger guy with great cum who is not afraid of Lefty and his representative, and even manages to befriend himself withHe after Lefty was ready to kill him.
It is clear that Donnie is new in life and Lefty immediately recognizes him, saying all the tips of the profession.
I have never seen this technique of revealing Mafioso idiosyncrasies made before and for that, the film deserves credit.
However, we soon realize that Donnie is in fact Joe Pistone, an agent of the FBI working under cover - a character who symbolizes the spectator because he will soon be purged in the lifestyle and treated as a newcomer.
The first act works as a guided towards a rhetoric on Wiseguy Honor, a brief history of the crowd, definitions of their slang and where their money comes from and to whom it goes.
The scenario is rather summary on the details surrounding these elements, however, the fact that they are mentioned is quite original.
Most gangster films seem to be made with the idea that the spectator already knows how the crowd works (probably by watching other gangster films), and although this attitude presents, the film tries to fill all the holesWhere and when it can and the effect is appreciable.
Fortunately, the film does not become too taken in the tedious details of organized crime and rather opts for the development of the character.
A large part of the story is told simply by the interaction between Lefty and Donnie.
Pacino is exceptional here as a pathetic hood that talks about his work in the same way as any blue necklace would do it.
He is old and exhausted but seems to appreciate what he does, just like anyone loyal to the same employer for over 30 years could be.
We learn his achievements, which are quite impressive in their context, and when he complains of not being made of top boss, it is easy to sympathize with him.
Newell constantly plays this aspect, making it a major theme that works well in the long term.
As Donnie is constantly impressive and even a left -handed, it is difficult to say what emotion is the most powerful: the fact that Donnie is closer to nazy the crowd; or the fact that the left -hander was again on the shade.
Most of the film tells the story of Donnie's life in Mafia, which creates for many individual subpcelles and conflicts, but does not always seem to meet as a whole.
The narration is really interesting throughout, even when the movements that the characters pass seem familiar.
The resonance to the real mission of Donnie varies, it often raises federal authorities with the details of its progress, but that does not always seem to have much meaning.
Back home, his wife Maggie (heche) is ready to divorce him because he is never one and the family suffers.
Since this is based on a true story, I would not doubt that it happens, although the way it is managed often the melodramatic.
My only major complaint is that the film does not seem to have a final act, nor at least a real feeling of closure.
A c Limax in a way happens, but there is little feeling of gain.
We get a happy ending, which is good, but perhaps a sad end would have been more powerful.
Aside from a few minors, General Flaws, "Donnie Brasco" manages to be a solid piece of narration and character development.
It may be a routine, but it's good, and it's respectful.