“When it is cold, the molecules do not move.
Everything is clean."
These are the essential words of Mikey Carver (Elijah Wood), a young teenager living in 1973 New Canaan, Connecticut in the ice storm.
When Mikey delivers these words to an annoyed science course, it is unlikely that anyone who realizes how much they parallel to Mikey's life and the life around him.
His father Jim (Jamey Sheridan) is rarely seen and his mother Janey (Sigourney Weaver) has an affair with the married neighbor Ben Hood (Kevin Kline).
Ben's wife, Elena (Joan Allen) suspects the case, but says nothing.
Meanwhile, Ben's 14-year-old daughter Wendy (Christina Ricci) continuously attracts Mikey and her young brother Sandy (Adam Hann-byrd) to sexual explorations.
Tobey Maguire plays Paul Hood, the 16 year old narrator in history who also happens to be the least widespread character.
We start the film with an interesting perspective on Paul's family.
He compares his family to the four fantastic comics, and even goes so far as to say that the family is the own matter of everyone; something that everyone will come back, the more you go, the more you will come back.
The ice storm is a character piece that explores a lamentable period both in America and in individual life described in the film.
Everything is parallel to everything else.
Young teenagers who try to discover who they are through drugs, sex and alcohol are really almost identical to parents who try to find the purpose of their own life using the same methods.
 "When it is cold outside, the molecules do not move.
Everything is clean."
Everything is clean because no one will admit what's going on.
Even the president is on television denies his misdeeds.
How can you expect something more than a few suburban families on horseback on the tails of the sexual revolution?
All sex and drugs are so obviously empty, and I think that is the goal of the film.
At first glance, the whole film may seem empty, but why should it not parallel?
You do not know the characters very deeply, but I think it is because no one in the film knows each other either.
Unfortunately, we look at two families will devote themselves to their almost unconscious life of each other.
At first glance, you might think that emotion is lost in the end scenes because you have not known the characters to sympathize - so you realize that it could be the point, then you feel the pain.
The actor by all is quite good, but I particularly liked Elijah Wood.
He does not seem to receive as much recognition as the others, but I have always found him possess a real feeling of being.
Christina Ricci is acclaimed for her part as an erroneous teenager temptator who is looking for something more in her life in the pants of each available boy.
However, I say that the hat remains in Wood, the subtle but credible performance of Joan Allen as a lonely and little appreciated wife, and the always excellent Kevin Kline.
Tobey Maguire did a good job, but his character who, perhaps, was the most intact and most sensible person in history, seemed a little lost.
It was necessary, but it might should have been used more.
The ice storm is praised by many as one of the best films of the year.
I hate saying that I don't agree, but I don't.
In fact, I can think of many other films that I would classify higher than this one.
Even so, it's a very good film.
It takes a lot of retrospect to fully appreciate your art, but when you finally start to see things that you have not done before, you start to grow up characters and history.
Maybe it is to see, to think, then to look again with different eyes.