Labeling is sometimes everything.
In Original Mad Max, the opening title has established the intrigue of the film in the near future, which makes it one of the science fiction classics, despite the fact that the future world is almost exactly like ours.
Walter Hill wanted the same opening title for his classic Action The Warriors.
The producers were not delighted by this idea and, therefore, the film lost all its futuristic connotations.
On the other hand, the producers were on the brand; Walter Hill was accused of really promoting disturbing trends which were quite visible in contemporary America.
To make the film even further from the future, the intrigue was vaguely based on Anabasis, a historic book written by Xenophon, soldier of the Greek mercenary who had described his adventures in ancient Persia 2400 years ago.
Instead of the former Persia, the film begins on the contemporary island of Coney, where Cleon (Dorsey Wright), head of the Warriors, gang of young locals, obtains the invitation to the great gathering of all the gangs of young people in thecity.
The rally, organized by Gramercy Park Riffs, the most powerful gang in the city, takes place in the Bronx.
It is far from the territory of the origin of the Warriors, but a small and small delegation of the Warriors arrives there safely thanks to the general break.
On the rally, Cyrus (Roger Hill), a charismatic chief of the Riffs, announces his big plan to unite all the gangs and take the city.
The crowd is enthusiastic, but the little gang of thugs, led by Psychopath Luther (David Patrick Kelly) takes the opportunity to assassinate Cyrus.
Police simultaneously attacks the rally and, in the bustle, the warriors are attributed by the murder, and their leader is killed by riffs.
The other eight, led by Lieutenant de Cleon Swann (Michael Beck), must now try to go to Coney Island, but this time not protected by the truce and instead by all gangs.
When she was released, despite the controversies and even some young people who would have been inspired by her, the Warriors enjoyed immense popularity and very quickly received a kind of cult status.
However, despite being one of the best films of this year, and being directed by the talented action director Walter Hill at the top of his career, the film did not leave a strong impression on future generationsthat some other cinematographic achievements of the same year.
The reason is probably in a fact that this film is aging very quickly.
If Walter Hill's idea was to warn the public of urban America problems, it failed.
The future was much worse than his vision.
Young gangs, as presented in the Warriors, are far from the dark armies, capable of taking care of entire cities.
Their members seem more interested in unorthodox fashion and their small small quarrels than such a prosaic, and for the more boring public, questions like crime.
In their vocabulary, the word "weapons" is reserved for small knives and blunt objects, and only few of them use heavy artillery like handguns.
They even have their own laws, very strict and detailed, have argued more strictly than certain governments do with theirs.
Many people in American cities would be more than happy to see their young criminals behaving like those of the Warriors.
Some of the criticisms that accused Hill of renting young people's crime had many arguments in their favor.
Despite these objections, the Warriors have all the elements of a very good film.
The plot is simple and serves as a good basis for many action scenes.
The fights are brilliantly choreographed and quite realistic, although there is not much blood or blood effusion in the film.
The edition is superb, the events occur at a quick pace, with the exception of the environment, when boring moralist exchanges between Swann and his girlfriend Mercy (Deborah van Valkenburgh) drag the intrigue of the right action in the territorysocial drama.
Vorzon's Barry's soundtrack is very suggestive and recognizable.
However, the brand of this film is the actors who showed a great talent, although most of them later passed anonymity.
David Patrick Kelly, the best known of them, whose superb and original performance in this film later subscribed to the roles of psychopathic bad guys.
Michael Beck as a cool, almost a leader in a gang similar to a statesman, is also very good, and James Note gives a good contrast as a hot competitor for first place.
Overall, this film may be dated, but on time and half can give much more entertainment than most contemporary films.