Unzipped is a cinematic portrait of Isaac Mizrahi, an artist whose palette is made of fabric.
In appearance, the film is a documentary, but the use of this term requires to stretch its meaning.
Many scenes seem to be staged, and a large part of the cup and the cut was made in the editing room.
The Cinema Verite effect is a vanity - a real spontaneity is a bonus, and everyone is aware and plays the camera (especially potential actresses like Cindy Crawford).
Director Douglas Keeve (who was Mizrahi's lover at the time) freely admits that he "does not care about the truth" but was more interested in capturing "spirit and love to Isaac and thefashion".
Despite the violation of almost all the rules for making "legitimate" documentary films, however, Unzipped is a remarkably pleasant entertainment.
Although it only sheds light on the backstage world in the fashion industry, it has a fascinating, but incomplete image of designer Mizrahi.
This man is the perfect subject for this kind of study - he is funny, energetic and eminently target.
He has unusual opinions on just about everything, fashion ("These are women who do not want to look like cows") to Mary Tyler Moore ("Between her and Jackie Kennedy, they shaped this country") For style ("It's almost impossible to have style these days without good dogs").
UNZIPIPPED also gives an overview of the creative process by which Mizrahi transforms an idea into a dress.
It is almost certainly different that anyone imagines.
The designer relies on a variety of sources for his look, including Nanook of the North and Old Bette Davis Movies, then enrolled the help of a Ouija board to help form the collection.
In particular, Unzipped traces the traces of Mizrahi from its 1994 fall line from its creation in the spring to the last fashion show, which highlights a number of important models, including Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, Kate Bush and Linda Evangelista.
On the technical side, a number of interesting choices have been made in the slippery.
A variety of movies stocks have been used: Super 8, 16 mm in black and white and 35 mm in color.
There is a goal to this beyond the simple article - the stock often serves as the emotional key of the film, and, during the highlight fashion show, the color is used to show the point of view of the public, whileBlack and white is for the behind the sequences.
However, some viewers will be postponed by this treatment.
Although Unzipped is not a presentation on the fashion industry in itself, Keeve has enough clips of petulant models to ensure that the spectator realizes how much Robert Altman was.
Overall, however, this film concerns much more Mizrahi than anything else, and it is only when seen from this perspective that has decompressed.
When the designer declares that "everything is frustrating, except to design clothes - it's beautiful and liberating", he adapts perfectly to the image of him that Unzipip built.