Warning!: may contain light spoilers and offensive materials.
Classified: R (!) For sexual content, raw and sexual humor, and a certain nudity.
 (A light r side)
Featuring: Rob Schneider, Oded Fehr, Eddie Griffin, Arija Bareikis, Amy Poehler, Norm McDonald.
Operating time: 88 minutes
 "Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo" is simply a hilarious comedy of good humor that can offend some, but in all, it is raw humor and sexual content is a little sweet love story that implies surprisingly.
It is not a kind of cinematographic classic, but it is a very very funny comedy that entertains us to the end credits which are themselves funny.
He has everything you need to be a bitter entertaining comedy: the game is up to par and some of the fairly funny performances, the scenario is full of mind and intelligent, and the whole story is sweet and cute.
Deuce Bigalow (Rob Schneider) is your generally average guy: he cleanses fish tanks to live and get an average of $ 10 for this.
Although it can be called loser, Deucus obtains a job that he would never have thought that he would get.
He can clean the tank for a male gigolo (Oded Fehr) and is offered to monitor his place while he goes on a trip.
Trying to be like him, he is suspended upside down a post and accidentally pushes the fish bank and burns his cabinets.
The fact is now that he must try to find $ 6,000 in three weeks to make sure everything seems correctly.
So he decides to go "whistle" and his luck, he gets the strangest people on earth: a more point woman who definitely wants to eat everything on the site, a woman with narcolepsy who sleeps all the time, aWoman who has sreadful explosions and a woman he cannot stop thinking.
He charges $ 10 but he is ready to negotiate.
Now he is considered to be Bigalow: Male Gigolo.
With non-stop laughter, an abundance of raw humor "Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo" is sometimes like the blow of recent years "There is something in Mary" which is offensive but very funny.
The scenario of Harris Goldberg and Rob Schneider himself is an intelligent, intelligent and spirit of spirit that seems to have been written with care to do is so hilarious.
The characters in the film are all friendly, especially "Jabba Lady" with his big body but a sweet heart.
There are actually moments in the film when I fell from my chair laughing so hard that my stomach killed me.
Even if I thought that "Toy Story 2" and "Being John Malkovich" were the funniest of the year "Deuce Bigalow" follows right behind them.
The staging of Mike Mitchell is fantastic and shows that he has taken time on the film.
Rob Schneider gives an surprisingly endearing performance and when his romance develops with one of his Kate clients (Arija Bareikis), it is a gentle romance in which we get involved and that we like to be involved.
 "Deuce Bigalow" is a good humor film that is worth all the merit it can get.
It is not a classic or a masterpiece, it's just a comedy that we don't feel bad to look at.
Of course, it can be offensive and can sometimes be stupid, but you cannot deny that it is not funny.
 "Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo" is not a disappointment.
It is a quick and entertaining and hilarious comedy that can be intended to become a classic cult.
Schneider fans will not be disappointed and fans of raw comedies, but beautiful comedies will not be either.
For any reason, the film collected a note R, but without "words" or in -depth use of sexual content or explicit nudity, I really wondered why the film was R. A light R to put it at least, but evenIf you are under 17 or more at least 13, this film is good enough for you to see it.
Do not try to be one of those people who make so many movies that they don't like it, just sit, laugh and appreciate the film.