No human was injured, tested or tasted in making this film.
All recipes are fictions.
Twentieth Century Fox does not tolerate cannibalism.
A psychological thriller that will scare you to the depth of your soul!
The director / writer Antonia Bird shows us that the most terrifying horror is not provided by giant animals, but rather by monsters that are hidden in ourselves ..
 "... They were a group of settlers at the time of the covered wagon and they had to run for cannibalism to stay alive."
This true story, briefly mentioned in "The Shining", is not transformed into a 143 -minute film.
In 1847, the United States was a land of pioneers, of American Americans who headed west.
It was a period of manifest destiny, the inevitability of the country extending its limits, stretching its arms and consuming all the land it could.
Capt.john Boyd (Guy Pearce) became both a "hero" and a victim during this implacable period of consumption ...
In a way that he could never have imagined.
Boyd's journey to hell begins when he is rewarded for an act of cowardice during a horrible American-mexic war battle makes him trivialize a sorry military outpost, a waysation for Western travelers in the sterile and frozen mountainsFrom Sierra Nevada to California.
Upon his arrival, he was welcomed by a small group of heterogeneous soldiers, including his commander, Hart (Jeffrey Jones), a previously intelligent and sophisticated man who has lost his aristocratic origin in the fire of the battle and almost abandoned;Toffler (Jeremy Davies), the personal emissary of the fort to the Lord; Knox (Stephen Sinella), the veterinarian who plays the doctor, who has never met a bottle of whiskey that he did not like; Reich (Neal McDonough), the soldier without frills of the group; and the seriously "over-medicated" clivests (David Arquette), a cook whose meals are more inspired by Peyote than culinary ambitions.
In this cold, dark and bizarre world, stubborn a stranger, Colqhoun (Robert Carlyle), a half -starred Scottish who was traveling with a group of settlers until they become snow -covered.
Seeking refuge in a cave, they quickly lacked food - and were forced to consume.
Colqhoun was barely escaped by becoming an appetizer itself.
Our heroes then decide to travel through the mountains to find the survivors, and Colqhoun marks to help.
Soon, it becomes clear that Colqhoun's tale has ramifications beyond cannibalism and the desire to survive.
This implies an old Indian myth called Weendigo, who declares that a man who eats the flesh of another steals the strength, spirit and essence of this person.
His hunger becomes an insatiable desire: the more he eats, the more he wants, the stronger he becomes.
There can never be enough, and death is the only escape.
Everything is disgusting enough and you must have a healthy stomach to see the whole film.
As professional as the film is, you must ask yourself who they thought they came to accumulate in the theater to see this.
Adolescent horror fans will not care because none of the soldiers looks at a distance from Neve Campell.
Older people could present themselves when they hear that the film is actually a satire on the pioneering spirit, but they will be disappointed once all raw meat is starting to be agitated on their faces.
But jokes apart, it is a film that is worth watching.
He has wonderful and mature characters, that few horror films can boast and a strangely effective story that continues to electrify you until the end.
The two main characters are also the most interesting.
Boyd is a simple and honest man of war, to kill and fear.
His sacred wish is to live a normal life, quite far from the cannon powder and blood.
Colqhoun is different.
He proves that a man, on the verge of death, would do anything to stay alive, including sacrificing his own soul.
he believes So much in this Indian myth that it begins to change physically.
It is the power of the human mind and the conviction that make miracles occur.
The atmosphere in "Ravenous" is macabre and bizarre, frightening and surreal.
Completely isolated from the rest of the world, stands hard Spencer.
Here, time remains motionless and nothing changes.
The inhabitants are soldiers led by war and looting.
They are all losers of society who have been banned - men accustomed to killing and who have done nothing else in their whole life.
Men who are nothing and have nothing to lose.
The result is a kind of cabin fever.
Cannibalism is more like a sick game for them.
Since they find no pleasure in living, they find a certain enthusiasm in killing and dying.
Who is "Who will die first?"
The immutable glossy landscape, where birds do not sing and even the wind does not move the leaves on the trees, resembles Kubrick's "The Shining".
It is difficult not to get angry here!
One of the scary aspects of the film is a strange connection that the spectator establishes with the characters and begins to understand them, although they have turned into half -crazy killers.
Music is another factor that strengthens the atmosphere.
A strange musical score, composed by Michael Nyman (the piano) and Damon Albarn, who often seems moved, and in contrast completely with the image, somehow reflects the twisted reactions of the characters on the world and their situation.
The director herself said it was "ok laughing" during the photo.
And I must admit that it is often very funny, in a strange way (like the wonderful quote: "... it is
Lonely being a cannibal.
You don't get as many friends ... "
Or when Colqhoun quotes Ben Franklin, saying "eat to live.
Do not live to eat. ") But
Most of the time, it is frightening and shocking because it goes further in the minds of these strange men and we are witnessing their psychological change.
Each actor does a great job.
Especially Robert Carlyle as a sinister and intelligent cannibal, and Guy Pearce as a moral and honest soldier, harassed by his an undeserved honor.
This strange couple resembles Lestat and laws in "The interview with the vampire" of Neil Jordan.
In fact, there are a lot of parallels and fun connections with vampire films, because the subjects are so similar.
 "Ravenous" begins wonderfully and continues to shock and scare until he arrives in the final, where he loses concentration and becomes too primitive and rather boring.
However, these small failures do not decrease the impression.
It is a bizarre dark comedy on the human mind and its change in different situations.
It is a frightening fable in the monster that hides in the soul of everyone, a dark side that we all try to hide - but that is there - always.
It is one of the most frightening and successful horror films since "The Shining".
 "... I said no food.
I didn't say there was nothing to eat ... "
- Colqhoun, voracious