I guess that an argument could be put forward that Toy Story is one of those films that did not need a suite.
Liked by children and their parents, also respected by traditional America and geekish moviegoers, this first film remains a benchmark in recent history, that which broke out the possibilities of computer animation and demonstrated by the'Wild invention and the dizzy chutzpah how complacent the animation machine had become by launching dynamic entertainment and drazles full of formula and banal composition.
If Disney was embarrassed to be beaten in his own game (Toy Story was a successful success with unexpected proportions, and one that caught the end of the company's merchandising which was not aware of the demand for action figuresBy far on the offer), she did not show, Eten as long as a distributor and co -owner of the property, at least he had a piece of the action.
Toy Story 2 was lineed as a direct video project, Disney's standard tactic to milk a few additional dollars on hot franchises without spending the effort to develop an appropriate feature film.
As a person who does not believe that the consequences are necessarily a bad thing (granted, they are generally a bad thing, but it is because they are made for bad reasons), I had to ask myself what hethought in the world.
Fortunately, Disney claimed to have been so eliminated by the first animation tests that they left Pixar to go ahead with a theatrical suite.
Lucky luck too - like the first film, this one is a joy to see on the big screen, and technically, it improves its predecessor almost all levels.
 (From the company's point of view, the end credits show that the new creations are protected by Pixar, while the elements of the previous film are divided between Pixar and Disney, a sign of the new cachet of the production house in Hollywood.))
Visually, the main gap in this film entirely generated by computer is that human figures are always made relatively badly, which makes them a little frightening.
Fortunately, this strange unreality perfectly corresponds to the prospect of the film, where the secret world of toys is more immediate and probably more attractive than the world of humans around them.
As before, the story is based on the premise that toys have dispersed in the bedroom of a little boy named Andy - and, in fact, all the toys dispersed in the rooms of all small children - come to life in the'Absence of the child.
While the toys slip and chatted constantly between them, the true joy of the life of a toy is to signify something for its owner.
One of the subjects of this new film is the sadness of toys that have been broken or abandoned, left on a shelf to bring the dust together, and another is the kind of emotional limbo inhabited by toys that are just simple pricescoveted collectors.
Most often, these toys are packed in dark spaces, away from sunlight and humidity, and often they are not even removed from their packaging.
Imagine what a chip would put on your shoulder, and you will understand the attitudes of articles from the collection that appear in this film.
The Sheriff Woody (expressed by a perfect Tom Hanks), the long-standing favorite among Andy's toys which was challenged during the previous operation by the arrival of the Flashy New-Buzz Lightyear action figure(Tim Allen), undergoes an injury early in the film, when Andy shoots too hard on his arm and separates a seam, revealing the farce inside.
This accident catalyzes a certain worried among the toys, who know too well that a broken toy is often a forgotten toy, and a forgotten toy is that which loses its reason for existence.
These anxieties are crystallized when Andy's mother tears her living room, collecting old toys for a garage sale.
And there is an ironic touch to the story, while Woody ends up being stolen by a collection of passionate toys that needs exactly this picturesque cowboy figure to complete a He hopes to sell to a Japanese toy museum for a considerable sum.
The rest of Andy's toys, who owed him a debt, decides to save him.
That this movie Manage to Turn a Box Marked "25 cents" Into a symbol of doom, or to make it screeed against the retention of collectible toys by wrongheadded fuel for a metaphysical dilemma, is a testament to its skill at metaphor, seamlessly translatinglesHopes and fears of our real world in that of toys.
Operating at this level of abstraction, Toy Story 2 attacks powerful heavy problems without preaching or submitting to pretension.
 (The worst that I can say is that Randy Newman seems to have reserved his most satic words for years for Sarah McLachlan, who stops the film Cold by singing him almost halfway.)
Sometimes I think Toy Story 2 tries too hard.
There is a little less the loop of the siege of the pants which energizes the first film, allowing it to surprise and excite on an almost constant basis, and more philosophying toys, collectors, the nature of happiness and the sense of thelife.
Although this leads to fewer numbers, that makes room for more elaborate humor and to unusually ambitious reflexivity which asks toys to consider their own status of raw materials which move in fashion.
 (Do not ask why Andy's favorite toy is based on a television series that was canceled in 1957.)
Where else in the consumer films, do you get a moment as brilliant as the one when Buzz arrives at the Al Al Grange to find it stored in branchies with its doppelgangers, Buzz Lightyear Action Figures?
Forget science fiction fiction of the matrix-it is a fundamental buzzing benf, and the public shares its humility and its wonder at sight.
Here, as in the roughly competing scene where Woody watches the bands of the children's television show Howdy Dodyish who created his character, we see our protagonists finding themselves face to face with God.
Sneakily, Toy Story 2 can therefore be read as a film on mortality, a metaphorical consideration of aging and death.
Significantly, the very first sequence of the film ends with a dark shock which had our night crowd in a Franc-Front.
And towards the end, when Buzz and Woody speculate on how long they have before Andy grew up and rejects her old toys, observes it, with an eagerness that is both inspiring and heartbreaking, that it will be fun while it lasts.
Thus, Toy Story 2 joins the tradition of children's stories, widely neglected recently, which say something real on the inevitable joys and tragedies of existence.
What is really striking is that the two films of Toy Story (and, to a lesser extent, Pixar's life has a bug) are children's films with mind and sophistication to make most of themFrom their ostensibly adult counterparts, not to mention any piece of an eye suitable for a total -Candy is due to the Disney Dream factory all summer.
This gives the mind the glory days of Chuck Jones and the former Warner Bros. Animation gang.
I am not sure that Lasseter and his Pixar friends will never work at this purely visual level of invention - they love the traditional story too much - but, my boy, it makes me ask me what they might find afterwards.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Directed by John Lasseter, Colin Brady, Ash Brannon and Lee Unkrich written by Lasseter, Brannon, Peter Docter, Andrew Stanton, Rita Hsaio, Doug Chamberlain and Chris Webb Cinematography by Sharoncalahan with (Voices) Tom Hanks, Tim Allen and Joan Cusack USA, 1999
Theatrical aspect ratio: 1.85: 1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------