Oliver Stone's latest feature is the last standing in the long line of biographies from American presidents.
It is a three -hour saga on the life of one of the most hated and ill -understood leaders of the 20th century.
Stone does not hold anything because he digs at the bottom of the legal policy and legal maneuvers.
The director holds Nixon responsible for everything he has done.
At the same time, he creates a very human character, a brilliant and tortured man who is caught in the dirty policy game, who is illustrated here as a wild animal.
He just tries to tame it.
But the occasional passage to the unleashed sky and the clouds fleeing quickly on the White House while the events take place before the president's ability to control them.
Stone does not apologize in any way for Nixon.
He blame not only the faults of the character of Nixon, but also the imperial presidency itself, the system which, once set in motion, behaves with its own without mentality.
 "Nixon" is a story of modern Shakespeare - a saga on a sovereign destroyed by his deadly faults.
There is something almost majestic in the process: while Nixon descends in this film, there is no jump, but of an aqueous sigh, like a large vessel that flows.
Sir Anthony Hopkins is amazing and plays Nixon with incredible honesty and understanding, creating a very emotional image of the 37th American president.
The magnificent and captivating performance of Joan Allen is certainly a statuette of the Oscars.
It is strong and faithful as Mrs.nixon.
The rest of the distribution is just as magnificent, in particular: James Woods, J.T.Walsh, Paul Sorvino, Ed Harris and Bob Hoskins.
Everyone does a serious and demanding job, no one is disappointing.
Stone never loses focusing and his direction is Steddy, honest and determined.
It displays historical facts and at the same time focus on the human element.
Sometimes it shows in black and white showing flashbacks from Nixon youth and childhood.
The flashy edition of Brian Berdan and Frank Corwin, the rich cinematography of Robert Richardson and the musical score of John Williams create a hectic and bizarre atmosphere.
The only fault of the film is that it is a bit leveled and overloaded with too much political material and legal maneuvers.
It is still an honest and captivating - a solid element of films.