While the African-American detective Vergil Tibbs questions an alleged white murderer in a prison cell, there is a wonderful catchy shot that instantly presents the main message from the whole film.
The shot has the face of Tibbs completely covered by the shadow of the bars of the prison.
To see these bars block his face, we see how Tibbs are separated from the rest of the characters in the film.
As a black detective conducting a survey in a southern city full of violent white fanatics, no matter how innocent Tibbs are, it is always considered by these fanatics as a threat simply because of the color of his skin.
The bars show that Tibbs did not have a fair chance of showing exactly who it is, rather than others have chosen it as different and dangerous.
This blow surprises me because it captures an entire theme in a few seconds.
It may be the most powerful image I saw in a film.
 "In The Heat of the Night" was the first and the best of the three films that Norman Jewison made concerning racism in America.
Jewison has a very lively display of various cases of racism because it is neither pedantic nor too sentimental.
In these three films, he does an excellent job by creating very detailed analyzes of the characters, abused to the attackers.
Nor is he afraid of telling the absolute truth about the corruption of society in the past and is in the present.
Preceding the very original "A Soldier's Story" and the "Hurricane" recently published, "in the heat of the night contains classic lines and very memorable characters.
The film, which won the best film in 1967, focuses on Vergil Tibbs, played superbly by Sidney Poitier as an intrepid African-American police officer in Philadelphia who refuses to abandon an investigation in a white city where he n'is not wanted.
Tibbs is a man who rarely loses his composure and that deserves to be mentioned because he constantly faces abuses of those around him.
As a hero who is not afraid to compete against five men with chains, Tibbs is the perfect protagonist.
Poitier also gives an excellent remarkable voice to his character.
Never nervous and always commander, his discourse models are very manipulative because they go from the Stentorien to the soothing.
However, unlike "Hurricane" where Denzel Washington dominated the rest of the distribution, Poitier shares the spotlight with Rod Steiger, who won the best actor for his excellent performance.
As a sheriff who helps Tibbs and warns him of the dangers around him, Steiger shows a large quantity of competence in his role.
It begins as racist and blind like other city dwellers.
He would call Tibbs as "boy" and always keep him with a suspicion of him.
As the film progresses, there is a very progressive change in sheriff.
He begins to see the difficulties that Tibbs is confronted with and he sees the madness of his own neighbors.
What I really enjoyed in the character of Steiger is that he did not completely abandon his friends or did not connect with Tibbs at the end of the film.
He still couldn't qualify Tibbs as Mr. Tibbs or Tibbs officer, but rather designed for Virgil.
Instead, it was obvious that he was finally going to see the world differently in the future.
Most films would have a character reversing all his beliefs and influences in a few minutes.
This action would not have been realistic because it is almost impossible for someone to believe something one day and to believe something else the next day.
Jewison's determination to make this film as realistic as possible is very obvious here and also very appropriate.
 "In the heat of the night" shows the difference between the north and the south or a large town and a small town in the United States in the 1960s.
It displays it perfectly.
However, the real investigation, although it is not the main objective of the film, lacks interest.
It seemed special precipitate Towards the end as if Jewison had given his message on racism and did not want to give a credible explanation involving the victim of the murder.
There were far too many characters added in the last fifteen minutes and some of the scenes during this period were stupid (the policeman Sam being a suspect was not necessary).
In addition, it is given that Tibbs is a detective of vigilant homicide who is the best in what he does, but some of his discoveries have come out of nowhere and how he discovered that some of the important details of cases at theend have never been answered.
The precipitated end was the only error in this otherwise memorable Jewison classic.
 (Congratulations must be granted to actor Scott Wilson.
He managed to be in the two best films of 1967, "in the heat of the night" and the best "in the cold".).