Jake Kasdan, son of one of the best writers in the world, enters cinema by writing and realizing this story of detective difficult to categorize: mystery part, parties in part, study of partly and partly romance.
For the most part, Kasdan manages to combine genres successfully and create a captivating film.
Daryl Zero (Bill Pullman) is a modern Sherlock Holmes.
The parallel is present at his love of music (although zero plays the guitar rather than the violin) and his dependence on drugs (amphetamines, rather than morphine).
He even draws his cases with epigrams of Sherlockians such as the case of mismatched laces, the case of the man who lied about his age, or the case of the hired pistol which made far too many errors.
However, the observation by Zero of the art of detachment, although it makes him a brilliant private investigator, makes him a little a self-imposed pariah in society.
He couldn't do anything without the legs of his faithful assistant Dr. Watson, I mean Steve Arlo (Ben Stiller).
Arlo is not satisfied with his work.
He is delighted to be in Zero's brilliance, but his bizarre behavior and his strange requests are frustrating for the former lawyer.
And they are even more to her girlfriend, Jess (Angela Featherstone), who is fed up that the boss of her boyfriend means more for Arlo than she.
This is the situation where a new case strikes.
Gregory Stark (Ryan O'Neill) zero hires to find his keys lost.
It seems that he has kept a safe key in the ring, and the box apparently contains incriminating evidence.
Now Stark is singing and has to recover its key before the nightmare ends.
To resolve this affair, zero reluctantly comes out of his shell.
However, it is at this moment that it is vulnerable ... and
This time, he falls for the charms of a paramedical ambulance, Gloria Sullivan (Kim Dickens), which can be involved in the blackmail scheme.
For the first time, Zero must question his own objectivity, because he finds his client less and less sympathetic.
The zero effect is the weakest in its obviously "wacky" scenes representing the strange behavior of Daryl Zero.
Such scenes can be appropriate in an out and out satire, making Zero a character of Ventura-ish.
However, there is a much more fleshy film here ... It just takes a while to go out.
This does not mean that there is no room for humor in this film.
In fact, some of the best scenes are the comic moments wonderfully underestimated by Ben Stiller of disgust and absolute frustration towards his employer.
However, the exaggerated scenes never moan with the rest of the film, and they are not funny enough to stand alone.
Once the investigation is underway, however, Zero's brilliance is really starting to shine.
His rapid lightning inferences are as fascinating as a lot of Sherlock.
While the mystery begins to take place, Zero's deductions lead the plot into interesting directions, but never lose the spectator.
Zero Effect also works well during his romantic scenes.
Zero's relationship with Gloria is discreet, but it strikes all the right notes.
However, we are still far from the character of Gloria.
She has given a lot of development, but we never understand what she thinks.
This may be intentional: place the public in the Zero detachment area.
But, overall, it's frustrating.
Bill Pullman, when he is not displayed, creates a dynamic character in Daryl Zero.
There is a moment when zero connects briefly to the world which he managed to detach himself for many years, and he was scandalously moved ... expressing a seriousness that so far, he was not associated with the character, butwho fits well.
And, although it is sometimes difficult to take a detective called "zero" seriously, it is at this moment that the spectator understands the meaning behind the name.
Although the zero effect is a little annoying in places, it is a strong start to Kasdan, and shows a great promise.