I do not hesitate to say that "there is something in Mary" is the best film that I will see all year round.
From the moment the credits began to roll at the end of the photo, there was no doubt in my mind that I had seen a masterpiece which will remain unrivaled in the remaining months of 1998.
It's a film.
When Gene Siskel said this about "Fargo" only a few months in 1996, I rejected the notion as ridiculous.
How could you know that a movie is so big that nothing you could see in the future could not beat it?
But after seeing the hilarious and surprisingly sincere masterpiece of Farrelly, I now know what Siskel was talking about.
Once in a (very large) during a film which is so daring, so shiny and simply so pleasant that in the end, you just want to get up and applaud.
And you know, at this moment, that you have just experienced something very special.
Now for the shock; "Mary" is the coarse and most disgusting film I have ever seen ("Pink Flamingos", of course).
The film is so rude and, I suppose, of an inappropriate nature that I had trouble sitting in a theater by looking at it with my parents (fortunately, I had seen it before them, so that I could warn thisthat they were).
Forget "Blazing Saddles", "Animal House" and even the former king of coarse comedy, "meaning of the life of Monty Python"; they were all only preludes to the attack of Farrelly against the senses.
In fact, it is perhaps the funniest film that I have never had the pleasure of seeing (the only real competitor is "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"), and most certainly the most hilarious to get all thedecade.
But as funny as it is, something must also be said on the overall sweetness of "Marie"; he has a huge heart.
You see, the Farrelly are really good filmmakers.
They are not just a series of jokes on the cock and the pet (although there is a lot to do).
They also add, very wisely, an incredible quantity of charisma to the main characters and make them develop as the story progresses.
It's funny, however.
If you just look at a glimpse of the story, it seems a bit artificial and predictable.
But believe me, that's anything but.
Ben Stiller plays Ted, a very shy and clumsy teenage geek who covets the school daughter, Mary (Cameron Diaz).
After he gets up for his delayed brother, Warren (w.
Early Brown - The cameraman, believe it or not, of "Scream"), her dreams come true when she invites her to the ball.
In one of the funniest scenes in the film, something is wrong (I will not ruin it for those who know nothing about the film) and Ted is unable to face Mary again.
jump to the present.
After years of self -disgust, Ted finally hires the private detective Pat Healy (a properly sticky Matt Dillon) to find her so that he can have a last chance to win the woman he loves since high school.
Healy finds that Mary is always a full -fledged hottie and decides to try to keep her for him.
Credit, the basic story leaves a little to be desired.
After all, with a premise not really very good, how can you support laughter for almost two hours?
In one way or another, the Farrelly withdraws it.
The performance here is also on the target.
Like Ted, Stiller just adds the right amount of charm clumsy to make his character non -irritating, as he would normally, but very kind.
And Cameron Diaz is perfect in his role for obvious reasons, but the actor who really attracts your attention is W.Earl Brown as Mary's brother.
No other actor has even come to play a mentally delayed man with as much natural ease as Brown displays here.
I know he will not be nominated, but it is the guy who should not be counted when the time comes to distribute the Oscar's head nods in February.
As well as the actors, however, is the desire CTOR film all along.
I guarantee you that on almost all the other top ten at the end of the year, you will see the number one space occupied by the epic of Steven Spielberg "Saving Private Ryan".
And yes, it is an excellent film worthy of the recognition he obtained.
But what is more difficult; make a great war film or make your audience laugh so hard that it cannot breathe for minutes at the same time?
I let you decide yourself, but this criticism sticks to its arms.
There is just something about "Mary".