Hollywood really did all the Dracula thing to death (without punches - honest).
It is also a shame, because the good count was probably the most scary of the old B-Film monsters.
I mean, come on.
Will people really be afraid of a large green guy named Frankenstein who moves at a speed of five miles per hour?
surely not .
And not only the idea of a scary vampire like hell, but it also carried with it a kind of sensual feeling, not commonly associated with horror films.
And not only was the idea made too many times, but with the possible exception of Dusk 'Till Dawn, has not been very well done lately.
This is precisely why it was so fun for me to look at the original nosferatu.
I have to return at the time when making films (even horror films) was considered an art form, and not only made to earn money as today.
And that's exactly what this film is; art.
I have been a fan of horror since the age of eight, and to date, I have not seen any horror film cover the intellectual field that this film covers.
Let me go back a minute.
When I say "intellectual field", I do not mean that Nosferatu tackles philosophical questions or something like that, I mean that for the film to work as it was intended, a little thought is involved.
With most modern Slasher films like Friday 13 and anything, you can simply sit on your chair and be frightened by the gore that is shown.
These films could have been made by a fifth pupil with a good makeup kit; films like this require that the spectator pays attention and reflects on what is happening on the screen.
You see, this film has practically no violence and even less blood or blood.
This is a Slasher film of the thinking man.
The title "Nosferatu" of the title is Orlock (Max Shreck), a strange count and similar to the hermit which, when the film is opened, is looking for a new house to buy.
He employs the help of Hutter (Gustav von Wangenhein), a real estate seller (or something for this purpose) who has a beautiful house and even a fiancée named Ellen (Greta Schroeder).
On the orders of his boss, Hutter hikes at the Transylvanian mountains to visit the Château d'Orlock and tell him about his new house (which is right next to Hutter's).
The next morning, he wakes up to find teeth on his neck ... not
Really a good sign.
He then discovered through a reading that the count is a "nosferatu", or vampire, one of the living dead who feeds on the blood of living humans.
But when he puts together, it is too late; Orlock has already embarked on the hometown of Hutter by boat.
Will Hutter reach his destination in time to save his fiancée from the Counts orlock's deadly claws?
The character of Orlock is, of course, Dracula.
The only reason why his name was changed was because it was an unauthorized story of Bram Strocker's novel.
I just thought it was an interesting little side note ...
The only way to see this beautiful film is probably by buying a copy of the digital restored Cup of Arrow Entertainment, now available in stores.
However, this version is quite different from the original masterpiece of Mauau.
The film now has a new soundtrack of the type of O-Negative group and color of color, a bit like the 1984 version of Lang's Metropolis.
Now, I really appreciate what Arrow Entertainment is trying to do here, carrying a classic like this to the attention of a wider audience that could have saved it otherwise.
But alas, I like to watch films as they were originally intended to be seen.
But it's just my bag; you may like the more recent and "more" modern "version.
Anyway, I suggest investing your money in a copy.
If you like what they did, put it in the VCR and take advantage of it.
If you are like me, do just what I'm going to do Uring of future views; turn the color all along your television, hit mute, turn on Bach or Mozart or something else, reduce the lights and prepare to see what is really one of the biggest films ever made.