The premise is simple, if not bizarre.
A crazy scientist (Trace Beaulieu as Dr. Clayton Forrester) launches an average Joe (Michael J
Why ?
It's tortuous, it's maniac, and it's just fun.
Based on the favorite cable television series, Mystery Science Theater 3000: the film is not tortuous, but as if to be maniac and simply fun, it places the bill very well.
Mike Nelson, on a space -shaped spacecraft, spends his days like any young man would dream - engaging in sarcasm and platform and seeing a lot of films.
The capture is that these films are not the films he chooses, but examples of the realization of films chosen specifically by Dr. FORESTER to try to break Mike's will to live.
Dr.Forrester is convinced that too many films B is all it will take to ruin a man, but with some wise puppet friends (Tom Servo, expressed by Kevin Murphy, and Crow T. Robot, expressed by Beaulieu),, Torture becomes a bit of an honorary party for everything that does not go in the world of Cheezy cinema.
The goal behind MST3K is to exploit some of the worst known films (even if very few of us) to man.
We look at the silhouettes of Mike, Tom and Crow sit in a dark theater that makes fun of the film that happens before them.
In this case, this is the 1954 science fiction film this Earth Island.
We essentially look at our watch our three tracks, only we get the pleasure of listening to their hilarious comment.
The plots behind the torn films are really completely out of words, but for those who might want to know, I will explain it.
This island land is the story of two scientists, a man and a woman, who find themselves aboard a spacecraft whose crew intends to destroy the earth.
Together, the two are fighting to survive as well as to save their original planet.
To make MST3K operate, the film with the film must naturally be as horrible as possible, and although the television series presented to us several worst films than this land on the island, it is a film bad enough to provoke a certain crueltyhysterical.
MST3K, which does not really contain the complete land of this island, is 73 short minutes, but it is a very wisely taken step.
As funny as some of their observations cannot be done so long.
Occasional ruptures of this island land also help the film enormously.
Although he is doing a second to return to the right mode after this premise was left for a while, it is better than overhanging the whole concept after the haste.
MST3K enthusiasts will probably greet the film considerably, but if you don't know what you are, it could be a discordant disappointment.
Although I thought the lively spirit of this film was worth three stars, it is a film to see on the domestic video, late at night, when your brain does not work at full capacity anyway, and with a largeSaracastic crowd - New Year in Minuit for example, it's when I saw it.
Warning: Although MST3K has more to its end credits than most (the three prospects use the credits to prick a little more), they are actually more boring than most.
The name of slander and asinine liners was extremely funny, and after laughed for about 70 minutes in a row, it put a heavy brake on the overall experience.
Most people will probably stay to see what smart-Alex have to say, but for me, it has almost ruined a differently good film.