No filmmaker deconstructs a story as well as Atom Egoyan.
I refer, in particular, to the narrative form.
In the sweet afterwards, Egoyan tells his story in a setting similar to his exotica or the expert.
This story, of a deadly school bus accident in the small town of Sam Dent, in British Columbia, which breaks the morale of the inhabitants, is told in a mostly opposite way.
When the film opens, the accident has already occurred, and Stephens (the wonderful Holm), a polished ambulance driver, has arrived with the promise of a trial that will make the truth of what wasreally passed this fateful morning.
Throughout, we meet the parents of dead and broken souls who follow Stephens like "The Pied Piper" (whose passages are read during the film).
But there is a living passenger, the paralyzed Nicole (Polley), whose dark secrets of a life before the accident can affect her decision to testify.
We finally see the accident, about three -quarters in the film, which is an amazing visual effect.
A long horrible socket that shows the shift of the buses, then stop, then collapse in a frozen lake, is the best digital cunning of any film this year and, perhaps, never, in a film.
The fractured account also prohibits a Stephens preoccupied on a plane, traveling to meet her daughter in HIV positive, as well as the insights of the artificially happy life that these people directed before the accident.
I have a problem not with the history or structure of the story, but with the high outfit of Egoyan behind the camera.
During the first hour about the first hour, I can honestly say that I was on the verge of tears; they are miserable and miserable people.
But that's just the problem: these people are so anxious that sympathy gives back after a while, when a lot of sadness becomes too much.
In addition, a secondary intrigue involving false incest rings.
Maybe it wouldn't be so artificial if it had not been turned in a way so good.
There are two characters who are father and daughter; when they appeared for the first time, I thought they were in love.
I was half right.
However, it is worth seeing.
The delicious critic Geoff Pevere recently wrote that "American films concern action, Canadian films are on the consequences", hence a recent wave of films on the effects of shock and death from the directors ofToronto, including Crash and Kiss.
The sweet below is much better than one or the other of these two films, simply because it is not boring or, in the case of the embracing, frightened by its own equipment (necrophilia).
Egoyan is a postmodern, fine postmodern storyteller, whose work is entertaining, upset and intelligent, if a little too intellectual.
Although I harassed on the weight of the material, I have always been absorbed, absorbed and surprised by the sweet below.