The musicals of Andrew Lloyd Webber, preferably his first work with the lyricist Tim Rice, present a musical which is completely different from any musical before his time.
Webber and Rice do not subscribe to the gaufarme of musicals such as "Oklahoma!"Or the spectacle slapstickness like "a funny thing happened on the way to the forum".
Rather, they attack the warm problems of our past and see them differently, and pack them with redundant and catchy music, as well as thoughtful words.
Like "Jesus Christ Superstar", who examined the rise and the fall of Jesus in his last days from the point of view of broader renamenage), "Evita" takes an inventive position on his subject, this time being the famous wifeof the Argentinian dictator, Juan Per? N, Eva, who slept on the top and became famous mainly because she drew attention, a bit like the woman who played her: Madonna (although I think Madonnawent up to the top for his musical talent, among others).
 "Evita" deals with the rise and the fall of Eva by? N, a woman who captured the heart of the nation after marrying Juan (Jonathan Pryce), then died at the age of 33, creating aSWET International de Mourning which does not commit that of Princess DI (the two share a little in common, although it is not as if Di has slept on "The Top").
Webber and Rice have certainly chosen bizarre subjects for their musicals, but they always have a goal to do it.
Here, they wish to expose it for what it is, but always show that despite all its many drawbacks, its lie and covering itself for her fascist husband, but show that she was still a good woman with fairly good intentions andShe died was very sad.
It is also a musical, without almost no word non -non -non -chétille.
The film plays like a rock opera, a bit like their "Jesus Christ Superstar", with many giant musical sequences such as old musicals, even if they have very intelligent words, which create not only an intellectually enlightening experience, butAlso a great experience of a one.
After all, it's a musical, and webber's musicals never know that.
They are a balance of energy and intellectual depth, walking on a thin line between the two, and never stumbling on each side.
This is why the beginning of "Evita" is a kind of discharge.
Okay, it's a discharge.
I'm not saying that the opening moments are bad because they are pretty good.
But what comes after is a lifeless, uncertain and totally incompatible sequence where she unknown to a singer (Jimmy Nail) to take Eva to Buenos Aires after a standing stand.
In the musical, it is a fun and energetic sequence, culiminating in the plug of the show, "Buenos Aires", which is also lifeless.
Then a punch is fired while we see it was screwed by the singer, instead of she leaves him, where she ends up singing the sad melody, "another suitcase in another room", which was intended for aSubsequent character, screwed Pareva.
The representation of Eva at the beginning is too soft, seeming that Parker and Oliver Stone, who adapted it for the screen, are afraid to present it for what it is, even if it is told by a hateful ofEva, the omnipotent (Antoniobanderas), which presents it in a negative light.
For a while, it seems that Alan Parker cannot withdraw it.
However, the film gathers in a flash, and after the end of this song, and the Nihilist casual song "Goodbye and Thank You," where we see Eva going through a long line of lovers who help him climb, isMagnificent, darkcomomic and just happy.
From this moment, the film is hypnotic, satisfactory and satirical.
No more punches are not launched, and the basic outline of the original musical is in contact.
We see Eva Woo and marry Juan, get him out of prison, get into fame, weaken a little, come back, then gradually Die in cancer (I think it was because of cancer).
More importantly, many of the themes of the musical continue with this, as well as certain work of reconstruction of filling in the doors.
Juan, who is quite subscribed in the musical, receives additional and exhibited scenes like what he was for Eva: an accessory.
A thurd scene where he tries to visit his respective room, but is avoided allows us to know more about Juan and understand his sadness more than before.
> From the number "Goodbye and thank you", the film shows that Eva was trying to cover itself for the horrible government by doing cheap and small things that ran a nation and saved a government, even if it left the downstream people ofthe nation.
But despite this, the nation has always loved Eva, and when it slipped into death, the world cried it because it was a star.
It was then that our narrator, ch?, Out to show that she was not the big woman that she was really and expose her fame.
Describing this character is difficult, mainly because he has no realistic realistic context (he would be based on revolutionary guevera, but the two could probably meet, as they do in the film), but heserves as prospects Eva, but even his perspective cannot prevent us from feeling bad when Eva dies a pathetic death.
Alan Parker, no stranger to bizarre musicals (he made "Fame", "The Cusiments", "Bugsy Malone" and "Pink Floyd the Wall" - the latter which is absolutely brilliant), nails the film, exposing everything for thisthat it is .
We cry for Evita at the end because we think we should, by the way, it is presented.
His direction is manipulative for a reason: to show mourning for what it is.
And there is energy everywhere, with many bright colors and scenes that are cinematographic, as well as driving and deep, like the scene of the balcony where it sings "does not cry for me, Argentina" and itsDeath sequence, which is poignant because it is sad.
The winning performance of Madonna Golden Globe looks very much like the film: starts a little downhill, then rises quickly, realizing there for the rest of the film.
At the beginning, she seems to be too busy focusing on her song to act, but she ends up doing things well, although I never really get the presence of, let's say, patti lupone (who hasmade the role in her first American at the end of the 1970s).
His death, however, is brilliant.
His song could be better, however.
I know she took lessons to improve her range and everything, but it always seems that she tries hard.
She looks far too soft in several places where she should be embarked (like ... patti
Lupone - I heard him sing on an old CD "Evita", and you could simply feel his presence on stage without even seeing her).
But it is generally very good, but not up to the role that the role really requires.
Antonio Banderas, who is almost like a guilty pleasure these days (I am one of the few people who think that he rocks), is extremely hampered in his performance, presenting an adorable narrator.
His song is very good, but nothing compared to the original, Mandy Patinkin.
He has a fairly good singing voice and a wide range.
And Jonathan Pryce is quite great, although very brief, in his role as Juan, seeming to put a poker face for his melancholy facade.
Although it takes a difficult start ("Rocky" polished for what it really is), it resumes soon and becomes a wonderfully poignant musical.
Like the other musical published in 1996 ("Everyone says that I love you" by Woody Allen), it is a reminder that the Hollywood musical can be dead, but it can come back from time to time for aBrief performance.