Losing a job is not too rare.
Reacting to such a personal setback by taking a group of small children hostage is a little rarer.
Although we can all feel the desire to blow up someone's head with a hunting rifle when it does not seem to grasp our point of view, threatening it in fact is generally something that we avoid.
This is not the case with Sam Baily - John Travolta, an average character of Joe de John at Mad City.
 "I don't think people listen to guys like me," said Sam during an exclusive interview behind the walls of a museum.
Barely a few days ago, Sam was a guardian in this same museum, but when the reductions led to the elimination of his security post, Sam's apprehension led to an impetuous decision.
In an effort to obtain his ex-factor, the director of the Mme.Banks museum (Blythe Danner), to "just listen", he burst into the museum one day equipped with a fully loaded hunting rifle, taking the banks littlecooperatives and a group of schoolchildren hostage.
Sam's overall concern is sufficiently valid - if he loses his job, his pay check, his advantages, etc., his wife and his two children will not be planned.
It is not a madman or a madman, he is a bit like a child - panicked, compulsive and running on emotion - and his naive intentions are not helped by the fact that the banks were not tooCompatiating with letting go.
Overall, it is like you and me - except that it has the capacity to see the line that we would judge "quite far" as a starting mark of a crazy race.
Meanwhile, the television journalist Max Brackett (Dustin Hoffman) is also on the scene.
Covering a "Duvelu" story for evening news concerning the museum cuts, Max suddenly finds himself in the middle of the biggest story of news that he could have ever hoped for.
Having been demoted from the journalist of the network to the report of the affiliates in small, Max is impatient to transform this into his, and only to his, history.
Max immediately links with Sam.
Max even leads to SAM's hostage negotiations through and writes scripts to use with the police by phone.
At the beginning, Max's intentions do not extend beyond the high notes and a good boost to the factor of pride ole, but as he gets to know Sam more personally, he begins to sympathize and even to become adefender of him.
The media, however, create a frenzy that leaves the gears of capricious public changes as often as a diesel truck moving downhill.
The accidental shooting of former worker Cliff (Bill Nunn), a black security guard, becomes one of the main factors of the controversy on the honest ambitions of Sam.
Robert Prosky is also involved in this film as Lou Potts, head of the station department of the Max station falls directly, and Alan Alda as a national renowned journalist Kevin Hollander, who uses his network power to try to surpassMax.
Alda and Prosky both transform great performances which correspond as gloves on their acting capacities.
Then there is Mia Kirshner, who plays the young trainee of the television channel Laurie.
She falls under the wings of Max only to become a student who teaches too well in the path of sensationalist relationships.
Kirshner's credits are relatively small for the moment, including roles in films like Exotica and the forgetable suite of The Crow.
However, the transformation of the character of Kirshner shows that she has a brilliant ability to play both a good girl and roles a little bitchy-in-reserved.
I wouldn't mind seeing her in more widespread games, where perhaps her talent can flourish more completely on the screen.
While the point of view of the media as a gourmet monster and self-justice has indeed been discussed before, Mad City offers two solid hours of pleasure.
Hoffman and Travolta are both excellent actors, and seeing them together is a real treat.
They both do an excellent job gently and naturally becoming their characters, and they provide us with enough chemistry to really worry about the two.
There is a whole one A little humor in this film, and without him, he could have fallen into a dull social declaration and cliché more likely to suspend the sleep of the public than applause.
It is not a film that will seize both your funny OS and your heart, but it will slightly touch the two, which will make a recommendable film.
If for nothing more than the opportunity to look at Hoffman and Travolta at the same time, I urge you to check it.