Pulp Fiction, Quentin Tarantino is pending anxiously expected and superb tank dogs, is absolutely and undoubtedly one of the most popular, most appreciated and hated films of all time.
In all honesty, it should be noted that those who love this film are much more numerous than those who hate it.
As if the tank dogs were not perfect, Tarantino went ahead and improved perfection by creating Pulp Fiction, a quick and hard and hard roller coaster of a film that combines violence and dialogueextraordinary in an apparently perfect way.
Each major character in this film is represented by a formidable actor performance by the actor.
To begin with, the two wage killers: Vincent Vega (John Travolta) and Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson).
These two characters work perfectly together, and the performance of each actor is almost perfect.
Travolta, in fact, always tries to get out of the role of Vincent Vega.
If these two characters were not enough, there is the boxer in difficulty butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis), the two small pumpkin criminals (Tim Roth) and Honey Bunny (Amanda Plummer), the big man in charge Marsellus Wallace (twenty rhames)Etsa Pretty young wife Mia (Uma Thurman), and the "problem of problems" himself, the wolf (Harvey Keitel).
These are just major characters.
Smaller, but just as wonderful roles, are handed over to Jimmie (Quentin Tarantino), a young married man who is caught in a serious gangster company, launches (Eric Stoltz), the distant drug trafficker, as well as Maynard (Duane Whitaker) and Zed (Peter Greene), two hillbillies who are men "behind" (without puns for those of you who have seen this) a very disturbing scene towards the end of the film.
The film interlaces three stories which, at the beginning, seem nothing to feel but which later prove to be very critical of each other.
The film begins with pumpkin and bunny honey in a small coffee discussing their recent shutters and hold-ups.
The two quickly decide to hold the coffee, without knowing what awaits us.
After that, the film concentrates for a while on Vincent and Jules and their lifestyle with hitmen.
Using the unforgettable dialogue of the films, the two men discuss things such as burgers and feet massages before embarking on an apartment to terrorize the occupants.
The two men were sent to the apartment to recover a mysterious malropy for their boss, Marsellus Wallace.
After having played practically with men, in particular the unfortunate Brett (Frank Whaley), Vincent and Jules finish their mission and recover the case.
It is not before a man jumps from a bathroom with a.357
 "Hand Cannon", shooting the two gangsters.
It is completely missing them, leading Jules to quote a divine intervention.
It is also the basis of more than the now famous Tarantino dialogue.
The film then moves to focus on Boxer Butch Coolidge and its boxing escapades.
Butch received the order to fall in his last fight, but when he does not, Marsellus promises to find him, wherever he is, and make sure that Butch is not able to enjoyHis new fortune.
Vincent, meanwhile, has the honor of taking the wife of Marsellus, Mia, at an appointment while the great man is outside the city.
Vincent, obviously, is rather nervous on this subject, especially after hearing the story about a man who was thrown out a window to have supposedly giving Mia a foot massage.
After their date, which seems fairly well, things take a tour of the worst in the hands of the heroine at high prices by Vincent, nicknamed a spear "monster".
Each story progresses continuously and new and incredible events occur.
Finally, the stories are all encountered at the end, with the pumpkin and the honey rabbit which hold the restaurant, which contains both Vincent and Jules.
Pulp Fiction is certainly one of the best films of the decade, and perhaps all time. With his superb dialogue, his action, his writing, his staging and his game, this film will cling to you not only, but he proves that he does not want to free you until he has completely sank hisclaws.
And with most fans of this film, it turned out to be a fairly easy task, although sometimes graphic images, violence and language may seem a little overwhelming.
Admittedly, the reputation of Quentin Tarantino was considerably degenerated by this film, and it does not turn out to be the one who will disappear very soon.