Horror film Ultra on a low budget but extremely inventive on a group of friends on vacation in a cabin that accidentally arouses an evil force in the woods via necronomicon, the book of the dead.
Bruce Campbell embodies Ash, who finally becomes the only survivor and must fight the two demons of the woods, and his friends who have become demons (including his own girlfriend).
The results shown on the screen are incredible given the film's breakfast, constant location changes and a shooting calendar which was sporadic over two years.
Followed by two suites: Evil Dead II (1987) and Army of Darkness (1993).
The DVD release of this film by Elite Entertainment contains the film in its original aspect report of 1.33: 1.
The disc contains two versions of the film audio: a 2.0 track stereo and a newly remastered Dolby 5.1.
Included are two distinct racing comments: the first writer / director Sam Raimi and producer Rob Tapert and the second song present the film star, Bruce Campbell.
Campbell's comment is informative and extremely full of mind, because it has a story to tell for practically all the scene of the film.
Such informative treats include: the original title of the film was going to be Book of the Dead (and in fact when the film was created in 1981c was the worst title they ever heard.
In addition, there is a scene at the start of the film where the group is seated and listens to a tape recorder they found who explains the demonic forces in the woods.
For this scene, it was written that the characters smoked marijuana, therefore being the eccentric children they were at the time, they decided to smoke marijuana for the scene.
Almost all of these images have become unusable because many actors had never smoked before and, therefore, they have become "confused" and could not perform the scene.
I want the entertainment factor to be so high for the audio track Sam Raimi / Rob Tapert.
The two people you think would be more enthusiastic about talking about this film instead have a lot to say.
Do not get me wrong here, when they speak, it is entertaining to hear, but there are many cases where the two are silent for long periods.
Sometimes, after one of these long silences, Rob will ask "Have something to say Sam?"
For me, this is not a good sign.
In addition, it seems that Sam Raimi does not remember much of the film and its production ...
Well, compared to Rob and Bruce anyway.
The photo gallery (which includes photos of the film's first "gala") is also included and about twenty minutes of raw sequences of the film.
This raw sequence really shows you how much a film can be improved when using simple audio techniques.
Overall, The Evil Dead is a good low -budget horror film, superior to many films of its kind.
And the DVD Collector Edition version is well worth your time if you are a fan of the film or simply a fan of the cinema process.
All DVDs in special edition should also be deepened and entertaining.