I have a weakness in my heart for a pure and amoral sleeping.
I liked the showgirls (over there, I said it).
I generally have fun sitting through this cinematographic tabloid bin filled with sex.
Wild Things is the best shady film I have ever seen.
It is filled with great performances, graphic sex, three sex, accusations of rape, duplicates, twists and turns, genitals of all sexes, graphic violence, death, full humorof mind and, especially Denise Richards.
Criticizing this film to be disgusting, hoarse and simply pain is as useless as criticizing citizen Kane to be disturbing or titanic to be raised and epic.
Wild Things is a film that succeeds in his efforts, but I do not only admire him for that - I admire him to be so entertaining and such a fun moment in the cinema.
However, I must admit in advance that I am directly in the center of the age group at which this film was designed to appeal.
I imagine it shows.
It is difficult to give a summary of the plot without giving pieces that should not be known.
I thought that everything had worked on the trailer, but I was wrong; there are a lot of laps here.
I would just say that the film takes place in Blue Bay, a rich little town in Florida.
In Blue Bay, Sam Lombardo (Matt Dillon), a teacher accused of rape by two of his students, Kelly Van Ryan (Denise Richards) and Suzie Toller (Neve Campbell).
Kelly's mother Sandra (Theresa Russell) immediately brings charges.
All this occurs early in the film.
And until this point, I predicted the whole film.
I was wrong, however, and every time I was wrong, I was shocked.
Wild things are not even plausible from a distance, but it is so fun to see where the story takes us that the improbability of each scene is meaningless and often invited, just for kicks.
I remember seeing the overview for wild things before the replacement killers.
I would give the overview four stars.
It made me want to see the film so much that I have been looking forward to that since.
In the past few weeks, I started to realize that there has been no way that the film could live up to the overview (see independence day); fortunately, I was wrong.
The overview of this film is the one that must be studied by marketing analysts of each distribution company: not only does it make us want to see the film, but it gives none of the secrets.
But I'm not here to talk about the overview.
I'm here to talk about Denise Richards.
Now, I found her slightly interesting in the soldiers of Starship, but in wild things, she calls on such a basic instinct that each scene she is by demanding attention in one way that no other artistcan not.
Of course, it could have something to do with his ocean eyes ... and
impeccable body ... but
I thought she was also doing a great job by playing (stop laughing).
No, Richards is really a find - she is talented and always convincing in this film.
This mixture with her crazy physical appeal makes her a vital asset for any film that she could adorn in the future.
The other actors are good too.
Dillon is still so sweet (it's nice to see him bounce back from Albino Alligator and outside).
Bacon does a good job by acting all determined and as a sexual crimes officer.
Neve Campbell gives the most diaper performances of all, although I do not claim that one of these characters is deep and complex.
For a plot like this to work, all these people must be crazy and essentially artificial.
It does not matter, because the director John Mcnaughton knows that he makes a consciously nasty film.
Each scene - even the three sexual scene - is observed with hilarity by Mcnaughton, and the result is a sleez -fest too intelligent to resist.
There is no inconsistent moment in wild things: each piece is attractive garbage, if trashy It's funny and so entertaining it is painful.
I liked it .