For the first coil of Girls Town, you just can't overcome Lili Taylor.
Is it possible to remain not disturbed that a woman of this age plays a high school student?
Even harder, can you avoid the astonishment of how it is perfect in the game?
With the safe and clairical expertise of one by Niro, Taylor permeates Mother Patti with all the false confidence that she can bring together.
It is a deeply felt and dead performance, and halfway, you have forgiven Taylor for his own maturity.
Despite all his pretexts, Girls Town, it is less a group of high school students than director and a group of writers-performer examining their own feelings about the rape, relations and American femininity.
The opening scenes of the film sketch an easy friendship between a group of four foreigners from smart / sassy high school students on the edge of graduation: Patti, Angela (Bruklin Harris), Emma (Anna Grace) and Nikki (Aunjanue Ellis).
But about 10 minutes after the start of the film, we learn that Nikki swallowed a handful of pills and bowed in life.
The remaining girls manage to Sug Sug Nikki from spelling from her mother's house in mourning, and pass through her in Patti, investigating the root of Nikki's despair.
What they find is cruel and galvanizing - Nikki had been raped by an editor -in -chief of a newspaper where she did an internship, and questions mental health and the value of a world where such a thingcould happen.
Under chopping by the truth, the three girls are starting to talk to each other and realize their own lives.
Emma says she was raped last year to an appointment with a football player.
Patti is barely sympathetic, wondering what Devil Emma thought she was doing with her shirt in a jock car.
And anyway, Patti had his own guy who would not take no for an answer.
A painful acrimonious debate follows while the trio is increasingly angry - angry with the impossibility of saying no, and angry with themselves to be weak, to be naive, to bear it.
 "Why do we beg him?"
Emma finally asks, once the argument has reached a fever field.
 “We try to talk about it and look at what's going on.
We are fighting for 20 minutes. "
There is the admirable knot of this image.
Girls Town is a political film, in what he calls for action.
But it is incomplete - it is never sure how to justify this action, or what form it should take.
The trio becomes crusaders for their right to dignity, and it is surely one of the most moving film moments of this year when Emma lobes a concrete block through the passenger side window of the car of this damn jock(do the right thing?).
They drag in the bathroom, constantly chatting and scribbling slogans and appointing names on the door of a toilet stand.
 "Suffering the patriarchy", writes Emma, then begins a list of the temple of shame under which the other students begin to contribute.
The girls silence their heckling, take revenge on the father of Deadbeat of Patti's child and end up finding themselves face to face with the executioner of Nikki.
However, the film has a desperately unfinished quality, and none of these subsequent exploits is particularly satisfactory.
 (You always wait for someone to call the cops on these cheeky girls, but no one thinks.)
Perhaps looking for a missing resolution in the material to be accomplished, the film borrows its epigraphs from Audre Lorde and Queen Latifah ("Who do you call a female dog?").
The points are well taken, but they should have been useless.
Long on the characterization but a little short of history, Girls Town is lower than what it could have been, and too self-sufficiency for my taste.
Director Jim McKay is best known as a wife of R.E.M.'s
Michael Stipe (he produced the almost inaccessible Tourfilm for this group), and Girls Town is his first foray into cinema.
The film was created and scripted by the committee, but McKay and his main artists had to shoot a business when, predictable, the group could not obtain funding.
Again, Girls Town on a budget would hardly be the same film.
The quality of the film's slapdash is the key to its meaning.
To tell the truth, the three tracks seem too wise for high school, but it's okay - there is a quality formerly paid in their fine and spontaneous performance, because women cast a very skilful look at the girls they were formerly, thegirls they want to have been, or a combination.
For all his faults, he obtains additional points to have his uncertain head and heart in the same noble place.