It was just a matter of time before a Dilbert office comedy hit the screens.
However, rather than coming from the creator of Dilbert Scott Adams, the office space is rather based on the work of another animator, Mike Judge, creator of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill.
In his direct director, the judge rightly was going through the corporate culture.
The story is certainly not very involved, but there is a lot of truth and humor to fill the gaps.
Peter (Ron Livingston) is a programmer working at the Initech corporation.
Every day in his worldly life is worse than that before ... in
Other words, every day is the worst day of his whole life.
He is stuck in boring work with eight different supervisors, all obsessed with administrative banalities.
He is struck by Joanna (Jennifer Aniston), a local waitress, but does not even have the courage to present himself.
Everything simply made him a complete and nervous wreck.
But all of this changes when, after an unintentionally overestimated visit to a hypnotherapist, Peter loses all his inhibitions.
He realizes his dream of always: doing absolutely nothing.
He begins to obviously ignore the absurd instructions of his boss, Bill Lumbergh (Gary Cole), doing everything he feels.
The friends and colleagues of Peter, Samir (Ajay Naidu) and Michael Bolton (David Herman) ... No,
Not that Michael Bolton is perplexed by the sudden change of attitude of their friend.
But, they have bigger things to fear: rumors about Initech are about to start reducing the workforce ...
As dark as it sounds, let me assure you that the office space is a comedy, and quite funny.
Although he shares the same humor of absurd Dilbert's comic strip, Office Space is actually based on the Milton cartoon series that broadcast the life of Saturday evening.
Each trivial detail, taken by itself, seems completely, unfortunately, plausible.
However, when combined in a whole, the resulting image is absolutely surreal.
Ron Livingston addresses his right role and becomes much funnier because of this.
His character is not just a clown who made a clown around the office, but seems rather possessed by a Zen clarity.
It operates on a higher plane, where everything suddenly has a meaning, and from this point of view, it allows the public to smile at the absurdities of life.
Anyone who had to face the ineffectiveness of the corporate bureaucracy, or which has already been frustrated by the technology of modern life, will recognize many characters and situations of the film.
In fact, in addition to being extremely humorous, the film can actually prove to be cathartic.
The animated roots of the office space in the lack of complexity of the film.
Most characters in the film can be quickly summarized by a particular quirk of personality.
An employee, Milton (Stephen Root), is practically a cartoon of flesh and blood.
However, despite their simple nature, the characters always manage to be surprisingly funny.
There is no need to have a business training to take advantage of this film (although situations may seem extremely eccentric if you are not familiar with the proximity of the reality that they are really).
The film is fragile and absurd, but also very funny.