I swear that I have already seen the advantage.
In fact, it reminded me of the bear, the wild river and other various films mixed with a completely different film.
However, The Edge did something that most action movies should do, and it is adding heart and characters that we love to the intrigue.
In doing so, the edge draws much more suspense moments from cliché scenes than, let's say, the peacemaker.
Unfortunately, because of these overused moments, we can almost guess the result of the film.
But leave the scriptwriter David Mamet to add humor and a few surprises to spoil your head.
A surprise, in particular, let me smile just because Mamet actually had the courage to add it to his script.
Action films are a penny a dozen in Hollywood, and although they succeed in entertaining us somewhat, they do not have the only thing that would make it a more respected genre: intelligence.
Even horror films have learned that, a genre that is probably the least respected by everyone.
The Wild river was one of the best action / suspense films that I saw from the 90s.
The intelligence of the scenario and the suspense taken from the realistic characters are almost unequaled to date.
The Edge has intelligence and intelligent characters, but this time, the lack of originality is the fall.
I must admit that it was very suspense and had an original third half, but the first hour and a half is riddled with clichés and plot holes.
This is an example of the final act that saves the film, instead of the opposite (as in the lost world).
If only the scenario had maintained the intensity of the thirty final minutes, it could have become an excellent action film (and I use the term freely).
The edge is roughly a survival film of the most.
But by taking the head of Scream, The Edge laughs at the shots of the genre, then uses them (but not as effectively).
Charles Morse (Anthony Hopkins) is the main character, a rich and very intelligent man who wonders what the accumulation of all this knowledge has brought him.
For once, we do not immediately care about the main character.
Instead, we like Bob (Alec Baldwin), a photographer who will take pictures of Charles's wife, Mickey (Elle Macpherson), in the desert.
They climb aboard an airplane and go to a cabin somewhere in the Arctic.
Charles' birthday is the same day, and he receives a gold watch from his wife and a Bob's pocket knife.
As the action films go, these elements are important to the rest of the story, but a little more than what we expect.
Soon, however, Bob wants to find a native to take pictures of his "personality".
Charles, Bob, the assistant of Bob Steve (Harold Perrineau), and the pilot head to find him, and as indicated in the previews, struck a flock of birds flying south for the winter.
At the bottom of the plane, the pilot is killed and the three are left to survive in the desert.
The director Lee Tamahori is aware of the silly intrigue which is about to follow, and must therefore create original means of approaching situations.
He often succeeds so that we can enjoy the film.
Take, for example, the whole of the human hunting plot.
This has been done several times in films with different animals, and even bears.
But given the intelligence of the Charles and the uncertainty of Bob, many pictures receive new twists and turns.
Even Charles himself seems to have already seen these action films.
My favorite film line comes from Charles: "Most people die in the desert because they did not do the only thing that could save their lives ....
thought ."
Despite the predictability of the main plot, a sub -intry develops at the end of the film that took me by surprise, and made me smile when I realized that everything is no longer as it seems.
I have to write with caution not to reveal this surprise, so I will avoid it entirely.
the first two- Thirds of the edge have many humorous moments to push it, and some of Charles' survival techniques seem possible, even by fire the ice.
Tamahori is able to create a lot of suspense from the harassment bear, but each time the bear is present, the characters lose all sensitivity.
I have always wondered why the characters in the films are going through a log to cross the water.
Why not do what an intelligent person would be and crawl?
I guess continue by a bear means that your reflection process is deactivated for a while.
Fortunately, we have already started taking care of the characters, so we let this little detail slide.
But some of the technical details are clumsy, such as the beautiful seams made on the fur coat that Charles and Bob make (where did they get wire and needles?).
The action of the film is much higher than the average for a film of this nature, and the borders on the phenomenal.
Anthony Hopkins gives a great performance, creating his most friendly and layer character since the remains of the day.
Hopkins generally brings greatness to his roles, but here he goes here to gain the sympathy of the public, which he certainly did not do the lambs in silence.
Alec Baldwin gives one of his best performances that I have ever seen (it is certainly better of his fair game).
Baldwin can be a good or bad character, and here he succeeds in a way.
You can never guess if he is a nice character or vllainous until the end, and Baldwin is able to manage the double mood photographer.
She Macpherson gives a good performance, although light.
She is not much in the film, but for the scenes she has, she manages as an actress, not as a model.
Harold Perrineau is a good actor, and his scenes are beautiful and underestimated.
It is eliminated early, and I do not reveal anything by saying this because it is inevitable and predictable.
The edge is evaluated R for graphic violence, some gores and the language.
Part of the violence is a little too disturbing, even for me.
This film is a good change compared to the insane action to which most of us are used to, but too many pictures are removed.
Director Tamahori created a very fluid and suspense action film from recycled parts.
The script of David Mamet, however, has a lot of humor to maintain the first hour afloat, and the game is solid.
The best thing about the script is the end that does not end with the normal action sequence with a high content, but with a small detail involving a certain gift.
It is a nice touch given what we had to go with the bear.
And by the way, most people laughed when the film was in black due to a big credit for Bart l'Ours.
Well done, Bart.