Revue - The Earneners by Peter Jackson received a certain opinion for having established the file of most of the computer effects in a film, and always at an extremely cheap price of $ 30 million.
But for those who were dismayed by this year's blockbusters like Twister and Independence Day, frightening has much more to offer than special effects.
And for those who worry or not, Peter Jackson would make a compromise in Hollywood, you can rest easily.
The frightening is as far from Hollywood as a high -level film can do so.
Michael J.Fox embodies Frank Bannister, a crook who can speak to ghosts.
He uses this ability to install a scam in a small town where his ghost friends scare people, then he comes and pretended to get rid of it.
This is how he earned his life since the death of his wife in a car accident 5 years ago.
Frank's latest customers are a young couple, played by Trini Alvarado and Peter Dobson.
When Dobson finds himself dead, Alvarado begins to take an interest in Fox.
But Dobson's spirit is still there because he refuses to believe that he died.
This leads to a very clumsy and fun dinner date between Fox and Alvarado, with Dobson which is tagging like a ghost.
Things start to get complicated for Fox when accused for a series of murders that take place in the city.
Fox sees someone named the soul collector crushing the hearts of the victims, but no one else can see it.
So when Fox presents himself to try to save each victim, people naturally suspect that he is the killer.
Fox sees that Alvarado is the next on the list of Soul Collector's successes, and the last half hour of the film deals with Fox's attempts to save it from this bad spirit.
There are many wonderful tones in the script written by Peter Jackson and Frances Walsh.
The film begins like a black comedy and ends with a horror film.
The mixture between these genres is perfect.
No laugh is sacrificed in the name of horror, and vice versa.
A discord point could be a dull score of Danny Elfman.
But it hardly seems like a defect when you have such a diversified casting in great shape.
Michael J.Fox offers one of his best performances to date as a man who hides the grief of his wife's death, then is forced to face them later.
Alvarado, resembling Andie MacDowell, makes a great frightened, difficult and intelligent heroine.
And Jeffery Combs, as a paranoid agent of the FBI, is brilliantly bizarre.
The frightening never feels like running for a long time.
The first hour is as funny as any comedy this year, and the last half hour is as exciting as any big budget blockbusters.
This film is probably what Casper would have looked like if David Lynch had directed it.
This is easily the best film of the year, so far.