The grandfather of the Italian horror the late Mario Bava has credits in nearly 100 films and TV movies produced in Italy between 1939 and his death in the early 80s.
More practiced as director of photography than director, Bava was nevertheless seated in the director's chair for Beyond the Door II, the project which turned out to be his last full feature film.
Alongside the appalling Hacks Schlock Zombie like Lucio Fulci, Beyond the Door II is simply a revelation.
In his time, Bava was considered by most as a great filmmaker, but here he shaped one of the best Italian horror films in the 1970s.
 (Note that the film has no connection with the 1975 exorcist bank behind the door, but for an unexplained reason received this related title for its release in the United States and Australia.).
This story focuses on Dora, a woman puts on a malicious spirit that can be chained through her young son Marco.
The film opens with Dora, her son and her second husband Bruno returning to a house near the sea which was the scene of the suicide of her first husband and her subsequent trauma 7 years earlier.
They hope to put the past behind them, but as small accidents are starting to fall Dora - generally while Bruno is doing business - she begins to suspect that Marco (played with a strange capacity by David Colin Jr.)is in a way involved in the strange events.
Revealing more of history would be unfair.
It is enough to say that this cleverly rhythmic study of a woman suffering from a nervous rupture offers an intriguing intrigue, a lot of atmosphere and a solid game, although the dialogue is somewhat weakened by dubbing in English.
Bava leads to a surprisingly good performance of Daria Nicolodi usually in wood, wife of the famous director of Italian horror Dario Argento.
His character is invested with sufficient depth to allow the public a real empathy with the troubled soul of Dora.
The music of Italian Ensemble Libra is also effective, mixing rock from the 70s with unclean consonance with classic Gothic piano sequences.
And there is at least a moment - brilliantly designed by Bava - which is guaranteed to raise you ten feet from your chair.
However, for the Italian horror, the bleeding here is surprisingly minimal.
The script of Lamberto Bava and Francesco Barbieri is more interested in deeper psychological terrors, with themes of guilt and suffering, with the idea that what we are sowing will be - somewhere, in a way - possibly harvesting.
Researchers of the genre take note: Beyond the Door II is elegant, scary and essential.