Along his crossroads, Mel Gibson collected several successes, not only from an economic point of view but also from an artistic point of view.
For all this, I think no one could guess the skills and capacities now disclosed in Braveheart.
The Australian actor decided to produce and make a film on Sir William Wallace, a popular Scottish hero of the 13th century, where he would also play the main role.
Accepting such a big challenge, Mel Gibson runs the risk of staining all his work of years, with a supposed failure, just to be recognized, by all his potential and, in this way, to consolidate his position in Hollywood.
It was, certainly, a huge risk, but I'm sure Mel knew exactly what he was going to face.
Braveheart is, in fact, a magnificent and masterful film.
For three hours, we are completely absorbed by the Rhyitm of the story which never gives room for a single moment of monotony or interest.
The story of William Wallace is the story of so many other courageous people the defenders of Liberty who fought and gave life to this essential value, along the centuries.
Seeing themselves and his people who are victim of injustices and violent repression, William Wallace dares to face the powerful Edward I, king of England, in a war by the autonomy of Scotland.
While the victories succeed, the number of fighters with Wallace is growing up.
His courage and interest are admired by everyone, including Princess Isabelle of Wales, wife of Edward's son.
However, William Wallace was also surrounded by enemies and some of them were closer than it thought.
Braveheart may not be a historically corrected film, but the nature of his message makes us think about the importance that we give to freedom nowadays.
Mel Gibson heads a brilliant cast with great shine.
Patrick McGoohan has a very good performance because Edward I, King Longshank.
The scene where he awaits death and loses his voice is really good.
Sophie Marceau, like Princess Isabelle, has no more than fifteen minutes of performance, but Mel Gibson gave these minutes such a special treatment that Princess Isabelle quickly becomes one of the major characters in Braveheart.
I also liked the performances of Angus Macfadyen, as Robert the Bruce, and, of course, Mel Gibson, as William Wallace.
However, I think this time, Mel Gibson's work as director was much better than his acting work.
The excellent music composed by James Horner is another thing that helps Braveheart to be the success he really is.
When we join this music with magnificent Scottish landscapes, seen by John Toll's camera, then we make all the beauty of this film.
Braveheart is, in my opinion, one of the best films of 1995!
I heard people say that Mel Gibson is going to be a new David Lean.
For the moment, let's see if Braveheart equalizes the 6 Oscars of Lawrence of Arabia.
It will not be easy!
It's going to be another challenge for Mel Gibson.