After the terminal tank dogs and the brutally violent pulp fiction, Jackie Brown seems to be a light start for Quentin Tarantino.
It's no longer a story of ho-hum robbery with characters who speak the Tarantino language.
Fortunately, his showcase of the actors converts each piece of pleasure possible on the screen, and Jackie Brown has no trouble entertaining the average spectator.
The story presents a black street woman named Jackie Brown (Pam Grier), a on -board agent who denounces money and drugs from one destination to another.
She works for an airline at the bottom of the barrel and receives a minimum wage.
But one day, she is picked up by a pair of federal officials (including Michael Keaton as Ray Nicolet with a hard nose), and found with a nice silver load and a small bag of smuggling drugs.
Jackie works for an arms dealer named Orderll (Samuel L. Jackson), who pays his deposit money but suspects her of overthrowing the federals about their operation.
Soon, Jackie and Ordell plot a way to pass $ 500,000 compared to them under the nose of Nicolet, with the help of the Ordel OAF of a partner (Robert de Niro) and the Lady-AmieDROGUEED (Bridget Fonda).
He also entered the image, an object of release under tension named Max Cherry (Robert Forster), who takes a taste for Jackie and agreed at a given moment to make the situation even more complicated (how Iwill not say it).
The big deposit is undoubtedly the highest point of Jackie Brown, in which many doubles take place and many bags of clothing stores (filled with money) change hands.
It is regrettable that Tarantino takes his sweet time to get there and offers nothing extremely convincing by doing so.
There are, as always, fun exchanges between the characters.
The funniest distribution is between Niro and Fonda, while it becomes bored by its constant quarrels while making fun of its IQ, or its absence.
The most interesting relationship is between Max and Jackie.
A 56 -year -old white bond man and a 44 -year -old black on -board agent with credible chemistry?
You have to congratulate the game.
Jackie Brown is a seriously dragged exercise animated by such a beautiful game.
The film rises at a long hour and 35 minutes.
Tarantino's Talky style manages to hold your attention a lot, but there are more than a few dramatic gaps and crucial luries in the scenario.
In addition, the director's fans should be prepared for a lighter appearance.
Jackie Brown has four major shots, and two of them take place mainly off screen, so don't expect a typical Tarantino blood bath.
You can expect a frequent coarse language, mainly to come from Order, which (to the great dismay of Spike Lee) uses the word `` n 'in the context of its regular vocabulary.
The game is the glue that keeps everything together.
Grier, making a sudden return of his reign in the 1970s, is more than enough for the title of title.
In fact, it is very great.
Another return comes from the former television star Robert Forster, who does a great job as Max Cherry, and is perfectly thrown by doing so.
Michael Keaton is felt, although in small worthy but worthy moments, and of Niro is ideal for playing the head passing over the edge.
Speaking of this, Bridget Fonda has relatively little to do as a beach babe dressed in an Ordell bikini, and yet she manages to look quite busy.
There is not a single sign of inappropriate dialogue or Snubée line throughout the film.
Who is a life saver for Mr.Tarantino.
The story barely holds together in the meantime, and we simply get a small tremor whenever there should be an earthquake tremor.
But oh well.
Jackie Brown manages to be a pleasant detour of Quentin Tarantino, even if the blatant and original bite is missing from her previous work.
Let's just hope that the director is not sweet to us.