In Wonder Boys, Michael Douglas plays an elderly writer \ Professor with a naturalism so lived that I think it may be his best performance.
Since Wall Street, Douglas has spent most of his career playing variations on the shark in a character from Gordon Gecko whom he personified in the mid -80s.
In these performances, he tended to exaggerate the vehemence of Metthroat's businessmen, with a lot of mouth mooch while projecting all his bad intentions to the world.
One might think that such a man would keep his evil hardly wrapped up under a good mood veneer, but from Gordon Gecko to Nicholas Van Orton, Douglas played the right role and in the open air.
In Wonder Boys, his performance is not clarification or a tour de force, it's simple but truthful.
He embodies Grady, an old steep writer with a predilection for the pot and the pink bathrobes.
Grady asks a workshop of writers while working tirelessly on a follow -up of the novel that put it on the map.
When we meet this curmudgeon for the first time in the middle of his workshop, we hear his sardonic narration on the soundtrack while the students bomb one of their own with unfair criticism.
Grady underlines, in his narration, that they do it only out of jealousy.
Their target is the very written by the name of James Leer (played by the Tobey Maguire always discreet), a student full of potential and Grady develops a slight affection.
Leer is the kind of young people who seem to mechanically block emotions.
He speaks in an intellectualized monotonous with just a hint of dry mind around the edges.
He is presumed and dark, as if he models after the great depressed writers, although his act is a little too calculated.
He reminds me of the self-imposed director, Jim Jarmusch (Dead Man, Ghost Dog).
Each time I grab Jarmusch in an interview, I see the man speak in a way without tonne (the monotonous sled supposed to hide depth or contempt for his interviewer), exclusively dressed in black and with his hair with shades shadesof Snow White.
Leer is similar, a guy who assimilates the whims to depth.
Tobey Maguire fits well in the role.
With his round and sweetie face, he looks like Bud Cort by Harold and Maude.
But unlike Cort, Maguire is easier to warm up; he is a messenger kid in search of artistic credibility.
Katie Holmes embodies Hannah, a beautiful and talented writing student who just can't wait to get into Grady's pants.
It is an intrigue with which I had problems.
Douglas, in his old age, begins to look like Jerry Springer, a man who has really paid sex on many documented occasions.
At the beginning, I found it extremely difficult to believe that someone as beautiful as Hannah would like Grady (maybe because I am jealous, and wish Holmes to throw himself on me, after all, I amPerhaps a host critic, but at least I still have all my teeth), then I think of the real companion of the life of Douglas, at Catherine Zeta Jones breathtaking.
Seeing these two together is very similar to an abduction.
Suddenly, my mind has moved from the task to be accomplished (that in review this completely marvelous film) and I pontify why the Hell Jones would like Douglas.
There is a film in there somewhere.
Grady, rather chivalrous, if you ask me, resist Hannah's charms for Sara Gaskell (a Frances McDormand sheet), which is his age, but also married to another teacher.
Okay, maybe not so chivalrous.
There is a large line in the film spoken by Douglas de Sara where he said: "She was junkie for the word printed.
Fortunately for me, I made her medication of choice ".
Robert Downy J.R plays a bisexual publisher who enters with an imposing transvisititis on his arm.
Downy has mastered the hyper -articulated spirit joyfully dry of many hipster intellectuals.
He is arrogant but completely friendly in his total arrogance.
The actor is perfectly thrown here and remains a J The presence of a film Oyous somewhere between a typical Tom Hanksian comic strip man and an annoyed character actor.
I want Wonder Boys to have had more of him.
The search for a plot among the elements of Wonder Boys would be useless, because it winds during its operating time, but that is part of its charm.
And maybe I'm a little biased towards the film because it takes place in a literary university paradise, a place that I really like and a place rarely explored in American cinema.
Everyone has a sub-genre (be it war films, westerns, dance films) of which they are aware.
I am aware of films on the literary types i.e.
These individuals fascinated by the word written, and if you are not as inclined, it may be wise to overthrow my note over about half a-cross.
The management of Curtis Hanson is more like a European film with its quiet rhythm and its situations that develop from the characters, rather than generic points in the history traced.
Sometimes the dialogue is too intelligent, but it is a problem that I would like to find with films more often.
Another minor leaves is that early the film seems a little too introverted, like its characters, but as the story progresses, it begins to open.
For me, Wonder Boys works as a subtle drama because of its insight on artistic types and as a discreet comedy for its disposable gags worthy of laughter.
The gags are like those of the great films Robert Altman (M * a * s * h, the long goodbye), where jokes exist as dangerous, like jokes in life.
The broader comedy like the murder of a blind dog and the incessant smoking of marijuana are not ineffective but not as memorable as small things.
Curtis Hanson, who before her last film, the Confidential, worked with operating prices like Losin 'It (a first sexual comedy by Tom Cruise) and the hand The Rocks The Cradle, has graduated from more significant films.
He directs Wonder Boys in an appropriate style, the comedy from the false gloom that his characters have set up.
Leonard Cohen's gloomy blackmail would seem a strange song for the background of any party, but in a Wonder Boys party, it adapts.
The film is like a piece of literature on the big screen.
It is the cinematic equivalent of a good reading, romantic in his approach with themes rarely found in American films.
Many will find it light, but I found much to savor among its subtleties.