Written by John Grisham and Robert Altman (like Al Hayes)
Directed by Robert Altman
Some time ago, a young director had the opportunity to direct the screen version of a popular novel.
The novel was a summer smash, at the top of the bestsellers' lists across the country and has already drawn speculation about the popular actors of the time could play the tracks.
The only problem: the novel was not very good.
It was much more pulp than Pulitzer.
But the director realized that, no matter how much the pedestrian prose, this book really attracted people - that the author, although not a great writer, was a fantastic storyteller.
So he faced the project, convinced that he could do something on the screen.
the director ?
Francis Ford Coppola.
The book, of course, was The Godfather by Mario Puzo.
The rest, as they say in the showbiz, was in history.
By raising the godfather, I don't want to suggest that Robert Altman's Gingerbred Man is intended for this level of magnitude.
But the parallel suggests that it is possible to create an excellent cinema from doubtful source equipment.
Can you be more questionable than John Grisham?
It depends on who you ask.
But there is no doubt that Grisham's work catches people.
Like Puzo, Grisham is a best storyteller than a writer - unlike his colleague Hack Michael Crichton, who is a good idea, but who cannot tell a well -constructed story of a spam box.
So, something in the unprecedented history of Grisham of an arrogant lawyer of Savannah who is involved in a quarrel of deadly family drew the attention of Robert Altman, who, at 73, remains one of the biggestLiving filmmakers from America.
The result is a captivating thriller which, while not lacking in classic cinema, deserves its place in the canon altman.
> From his opening blow to the credits, the gingerbread man is imbued with a feeling of dread, with a fear of the natural destructive forces of the universe.
This formidable sense of mood is a classic altman touch.
The witness declared an opening blow: we see an aerial view of coastal Georgia with his twisted and undulating landscape while the soundtrack growls in a disturbing way to our ear.
We drive on the hills in the city of Savannah, then zoom in on a red sports car by accelerating on a bridge while its driver slams on his mobile phone.
Immediately, we know that the driver of this car is in a few surprises.
Be careful, boys and girls - This blow was not designed by John Grisham, but by Altman.
This is what a great director can do for doubtful source equipment.
The sports car belongs to Rick Magruder (Kenneth Branagh), the aforementioned Hotshot lawyer who specializes in cases of police brutality.
Magruder has just won a high-level case and celebrates that night with a carefully party in his office.
Outside after the party, he meets one of the waitresses, Mallory Doss (Embeth Davidzt), just when she realizes that her car was stolen.
Under the southern chivalry, a rain storm and its tacit attraction for the fragile waitress, Magruder offers him a return home.
There, he learns more about Mallory's life than for negotiating.
His car was stolen by his father Schizophrenia Dixon (Robert Duvall), a Ted Kyzynski-Style style Whacko who tracked up and terrorized his own daughter.
Magruder, perhaps influenced by Mallory's decision to remove his clothes wet in front of him, is friendly to his fate and proposes to help him engage by his father - just after lying with her, of course.
This simple help offer leads to a dangerous path with a black end.
He managed to have Dixon incarcerate in a psychiatric hospital, and for a while, everything appears well.
But then, the Crack team of Dixon of homeless commandos gives him out of the locking - and suddenly, Magruder finds himself, Mallory and his own children in danger.
The cops do not lift their finger to help a liberal lawyer.
Its only allies are His Assistant Faithful Lois (Daryl Hannah) and her acolyte with clumsy private eyes Clyde (Robert Downey Jr).
If this situation was bad enough, Hurricane Geraldo behaves on Savannah and throws the world into chaos.
Altman can provide the atmosphere, but Branagh's performance keeps man with gingerbread together.
Actor accomplished when he does not head in Vanity Productions, Branagh does an excellent job to do Rick a sympathetic hero while casting a doubt about his motivations.
Is his help of help in Mallory is an act of kindness or selfishness?
Magruder is so sure of his place in the world that he never considers that he has bitten more than he can chew until he must swallow it - and by then it is too late.
As the plot takes place, Magruder learns that none of us is as sure as we think.
And life is never so bad that it cannot get worse.
If you know the work of Altman, you will recognize several of its signature techniques.
The characters are not introduced in the establishment of plans, but are rather allowed to wander in the background of the scenes until their importance becomes apparent.
Crucial scenes are turned from the outside through the windows, which means that the public of the involuntary voyeurs of the action.
The dialogue overlaps and the actors seem to slip naturally into an improvisation style.
And of course, there is my favorite Altman technique - the naked actress compulsory.
Thanks to Altman, here are some of the actresses that I had the pleasure of seeing naked: Sally Kellerman, Julianne Moore, Madeline Stowe, even Frances McDormand.
And now I can add Embeth Davidtz, who looks good enough in the whole.
The naked actress's shooting has also become omnipresent of the film Altman that the director's camée was in the film Hitchcock.
Is it sexism at the old school, or an intelligent playful?
You are the judge.
But back to the image at hand.
In the hands of a simple mortal, the gingerbread man would have been a routine thriller, neither better nor worse than the countless others that we all endured.
In the hands of a master like Altman, he becomes an exercise in existential misfortune, in his much more effective way than the remake of Cape Fear de Scorsese, who tried for the same result.
What can prevent him from hardening with the greatest work of Altman is a third weak act - in fact, there is really no third act in the history of Grisham, so it seems thatAltman had to throw the hurricane just for jazz things.
But there are real moments of fascinating suspense, and great performances by Branagh, Davidzt and Downey JR - more than enough to see you through.
This polygram hated this image so much that they tried to steal the Altman final cup, then buried the marketing campaign when he won it, should tell you how most of the studios are without any idea.
They probably wanted it to look more like a moment to kill.
And that, my friends, should be very scary.