Garry Shandling made his cinema debut long -awaited cinema as a foreigner of a planet populated only with genetically created men, who seek to take over the earth by propagating their own species.
Shandling is chosen for the mission, is the name of Harold Anderson and is created as a banker in Seattle.
After a few disastrous attempts "of mating", he thinks that his best bet will be Susan (Annette Bening), a former alcoholic who ends up telling Harold that she will no longer have sex until shemarried.
The head of the planet of Harold (Ben Kingsley) told him to marry him, and Harold is soon exposed to all the "joys" of marital life.
Despite its title and premise which seem to imply that it is a Jerry Lewis vehicle from the late 1960s, which planet are you?
is a very funny film.
The intrigue (that the film does not pay wisely on the details of too long) is of course nothing more than a frame for jokes, most of which work very well.
The material can be considered rude and tasteless by many, and I might have thought that if the banded had not been the head.
But it brings a kind of pathetic charm to the role, and it is its performance that makes the film really funny instead of being simply offensive.
In addition, if you think about it, which planet are you from?
could have very easily followed the gross path (since the character of Shandling receives a detachable penis which vibrates and buzzes when he is excited).
We never see anything however, all of this implicit, which gives the film a touch of class in the middle of its rudeness.
I am happy to see that someone in Hollywood always understands the concept of "less that's more".
The talented support cast certainly adds the pleasure of this film.
Annette Bening (strangely playing a merged version of her real estate seller of American Beauty and her spiritualist character Ditzy from Mars Attacks!)
Do an excellent job shaking and does a good catalyst for his humor brand.
She even manages to achieve a potentially disastrous scene where she must perform a rather clumsy interpretation of "great hopes" for a long time.
Ben Kingsley, John Goodman and Greg Kinnear also behaved well in their performance, and Linda Fiorentino ...
Good Lord, there should be a kind of law indicating that no woman can be so sexy.
Everything about his character in this film ooys raw sexuality.
What planet do you come from?
is available on DVD from Columbia Tristar Home video.
The disc gives you the choice to watch the full film or in its original theatrical aspect report of 1.85: 1 (and improved for 16x9 televisions.
Also included on the disk as extras: a decent manufacturing featurette, an isolated score track, talent files for distribution and team, and the original theatrical trailer for the film (as well as bands-Ads for wolf, men in black, bugsy and as goodcomme it gets).
When I saw for the first time that the disc had an isolated score track, I laughed.
How much could music for a small silly comedy be so that it gets its own isolated track?
Well, it turns out that it is a powerful score of Carter Burwell (Fargo, the Hudsucker proxy) that I enjoyed listening again while I hit this review.
Congratulations to Columbia Tristar to add this functionality to the disc.
What planet are you from?
has been unjustly ignored in theaters, and I hope he will find his audience deserved on domestic video.
This beautiful DVD is certainly a great way to see it.
[R]