Until to see the hunter's night, I hadn't dropped for a long time watching a film.
Forget the others and the depths (which have turned to the stretched dramatic), the hunter's night is by far the most scary film that I have seen so far this year.
Even if the film is almost 50 years old and there is no drop of blood to see.
Fortunately, the hunter's night, the first and last concert of director of Charles Laughton, was restored by the Cinema and television archives of the UCLA and was reissued in October 2001.
So there is still a lot of time to overthrow your popcorn everywhere.
Robert Mitchum embodies Harry Powell, a reverend with a bad habit of courting and killing widows for their money.
His new target is the young mother Willa Harper (Shelley Winters), whose murderous husband Ben (Peter Graves) hid $ 10,000 somewhere.
Powell discovers the hiding place and decides to court Ms..harper after her release and Ben is hanged.
But finding the money is not easy for Powell, who must face his fine child (Billy Chapin and Sally Jane Bruce), who know where money is, but does not say it.
The difficult part of seeing a classic now is that the pop culture monster has generally drawn and dismissed, then displayed all the memorable moments, thus ruining spontaneity and adventure when we finally look at it for the first time.
How many parody or salvation of the shower scene in psycho have we seen in other films?
What about the brilliant Battleship Potemkin baby stroller sequence?
 (No, I don't completely blame Brian de Palma for this sampling problem.)
Yes, there are visual elements that other directors seem to have taken the hunter's night.
Powell's "Love" and "Hate" tattoos obviously influenced Spike Lee in Do The Good Things (Do you remember Radio Raheem?).
And Powell's black suit, with a black tie and a white shirt, could have shaped the early visual style of Quentin Tarantino.
Seeing the hunter's night for the first time, I was amazed to see how badly and frightened and how much intensity was intact.
You can now register as president of the Robert Mitchum Fan Club.
He plays the role with controlled malice which induces discomfort each time he appears.
He is like the senior class president with an evil sequence.
If I ever need to stay awake, I'm just going to imagine him singing, "I look back ....
leaning .... "
Any actor who wants to play a character with a touch of evil should study his performance as a rabbinical student studies the Torah.
And the credit must be given to Laughton and the director of photography Stanley Cortez, who create a series of dark and surrealist images on the backdrop of the era of rural depression.
It is a testimony of the two men that they are able to invigorate what has become a Biradé scenario (children harassed by bad guards) by standing for the old maxim that we are more frightened by what weLet's not see.
The Légendal Cinema Scriptwriter James Agee does a good job by giving the form and substance to a range of support characters: The Drunk Birdie (James Gleason) who is haunted by his wife, and the spoons (Evelyn Varden and WaltSpoon) whose marriage has become unact of Vaudeville Verbal.
The only spear is the third act of the film, when Pearl and John escaped from home and find a house with Mme Mme Mme.Cooper (Lillian Gish).
His confrontation with Powell is memorable - a battle made with duel hymns.
However, the whole segment feels a little rushed and subjected, but it is always a pleasure to see the queen of the era of the silent film manipulating a hunting rifle.
Make a favor and don't miss this if it is a nearby theater.
Note: a series of revealing outings, but too long, preceded the film.
The strengths included the legendary Laughton (which strangely resembles Mr. Pitt de Seinfeld) performing Winters lines with Mitch UM, and the adorable and tiny bruce having difficulty going down a pile of coal.
More hours there are such images, because Laughton liked to keep the cameras constantly evolving.
Presented as part of the retrospectives of the 2001 New York Film Festival (to come soon).