Titanic is undoubtedly the best film I saw all year round.
And believe me, I am not an easy critic to impress: the English patient was too long, the men in black were too chythological, and several of the "big summer outings" had died in the water.
Thank God, this film was delayed until December.
It's my Christmas present.
Titanic is in the tradition of the old Hollywood epics of the Gonth Years, and it is really an amazing film.
While looking at this photo, you are completely fascinated, never diverting your eyes from the screen, or checking your watch to see how long it will last, despite its operating time of 3 hours and more.
As an Imi to me, who is a real Titanic-Buff, said "if someone doesn't like this film, it's because he didn't want to."
The more real words are difficult to find.
Of course, this does not hurt that this film comes from one of my favorite directors, James Cameron, who is undoubtedly the greatest action director of all time.
If you want to discuss this point with me, look at its list of credits: the terminator, the extraterrestrials, the abyss, the terminator 2, the real lies, etc. You always want to be disagreeing?
Not only did Cameron directed the homework of this film, but he also wrote it, produced and edited.
And to show his true faith for the project, he has shown all staging costs and percentage points to facilitate budget costs.
It is obvious that he really likes Titanic.
The film opens with images, both real and false, of an underwater excursion by special submarines at the bottom of the Atlantic, where a team of explorers led by Bill Paxton is seized by aDiamond called "Heart of the Ocean", who, according to the character of Bill Paxton, was worth more than The Hope Diamond today.
Their research appears, dissipately, no diamond, but rather a drawing of a young woman carrying the diamond.
This photo is broadcast on CNN and is seen by a 101 -year -old woman named Rose, who claims to be the girl in the photo.
She is transported at sea to meet Bill Paxton and talk to them about the diamond.
Almost all the rest of the film is its narration of the past.
Rose's narration shows us how she was an unhappy young girl, engaged to a rich man named Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) whom she did not want to marry.
His mother is arrogant and unpleasant, and Cal Hockley is arrogant.
They climb aboard the Titanic, which sails in America, and that's where it has to marry Cal.
Meanwhile, a young man named Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his Italian friend (Danny Nucci) win two 3rd class tickets on board the Titanic in a poker game.
They are delighted and rush on board when the boat leaves.
For them, it is their ticket for America, for a better life.
For Rose, she sails towards her destiny.
The first hour and a half of Titanic tells how Rose Dewitt (Kate Winslet) and Jack Dawson fall in love.
This is the classic story on the bad side of the slopes, and sometimes uses a few shots.
But as I said above, the romantic part is not Sappy and does not "weigh down the film", as some criticisms said.
It's sweet, and it didn't make me at all agitated, despite the fact that I generally hate love stories.
Of course, this could help Cameron have characters interesting enough to help our eyes stuck on the screen.
Most of these people were in fact passengers on the Titanic in 1912, including the enigmatic Molly Brown (played by the talented Kathy Bates), the captain of Titanic (Bernard Hill), etc.
All these characters add an additional depth to the film and make it easier to watch.
Of course, things really start to go after the hour and a half, where the Titanic strikes the iceberg and begins a slow sink at the bottom.
The sinking is represented realistically and the effects are really incredible.
Nor is he told in a sense of heroic fashion, because people are described as a pan Icking, pushing the others aside to put themselves on the limited, and drowning and dying of the horrible death canoes.
The best part of the film, in my opinion, comes to the very end, when we return to the future.
The crew, which had first been skeptical about Rose's history, is now completely abandoned by it.
Rose comes out on the edge of the ship, then we learn a secret about her that takes us off guard.
We then see a pink dream, in which she returns to the Titanic and dances with Jack Dawson.
Most of the people I spoke with after the film saw it as a dream.
However, I think it symbolized more; I think it meant that Rose was dead and goes into a sort of paradise, which would be the happiest part of her life: she and her only true love, Jack.
If someone saw the film and wishes to express an opinion on this subject, send me an email on Venom8 @ hotmail.com.