After the projection of the press of "Moulin Rouge", I stood in the theater hall by listening to the reactions of my friends and colleagues.
Everyone seemed a little numb, understandable after sitting through a dam of sounds and often incongruous images.
One of my friends just said that he loved the film and could barely wait to take his wife to see him.
Another enthusiast immediately started to analyze production, while a woman who completely hated the film gave her the eye of Skunk.
When a comrade declared discreetly "I was never really a fan of musicals", the statement surprised me because, even if the story is told almost completely through the song, I did not think about it asA musical.
So much things happen in "Moulin Rouge" that "musical" seems too small to cover it.
 "Moulin Rouge" is the kind of creation that sends criticism to rush to large baths that are adjective in search of appropriate words to describe the experience.
The Australian director Baz Luhrmann, the man behind "Strictly Ballroom" and "Romeo + Juliet", fills the heads of unique camera viewers, opulent images and songs ranging from "The Sound of Music" to "Sells Like TeenSpirit ".
Sumptuous and beautiful, vulgar and exaggerated, "Moulin Rogue" moves through the glass in search while a ethereal stereo charged with 50 years of catchy pieces works on the "random" setting.
Oh, and he also has a story.
 "It was in 1899, the summer of love ...
 "Christian (Ewan McGregor) is a young writer without the subject newly arrived in Paris", to write about truth, beauty, freedom and love ", where he meets a group of Bohemians, led by Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (John Leguizamo).
Christian meets Satine (Nicole Kidman), a courtesan of the legendary Moulin Rogue, and his world is transformed from black and white into Technicolor.
Both fragile and lively, the dazzling woman with red hair sweeps it without even trying.
Christian instantly falls in love with her and Satine also finds herself struck with him, which is an obstacle for someone in his profession.
By working with the Bohemians and Moulin Rogue Impresario Harold Zidler (Jim Broadbent), Christian writes an opus modestly called "spectacular spectacular".
Zidler quickly found a funder, the rich Duke of Monroth (Richard Roxburgh), but there is a catch? The Duke also wants the hand of the beautiful Satine.
As if everything that was not enough, Satine has a cough, and although a cough in the real world probably indicates a cold, it rarely reveals that it is so simple in the country of cinema.
Like a treet-toter, "Moulin Rogue" goes up and descends between ridicule and the sublime.
One of the most beautiful moments occurs while Christine and Setine common outside the night, part of a Parisian urban landscape without reality, a book of fairy tales.
Together, they dance, while serenade by man in the moon (Alessandro Safina provides the song), apparently transported by the classic Georges? L? S film silent to keep the night sky.
Other scenes are only trafficking in the overload of everything and the punch.
The Cavline of Toulouse-Lautrec and his comrades have sometimes been tense and part of their manifest comedy, accompanied by sound effects of cartoons, recalls too much the frantic farce that sitcoms like "Bewitched" beat in the ground.
Of course, the sensory overload was exactly what Baz Luhrmann had in mind.
 "We have never heard of Baz to refuse it," said one of the actors in Los Angeles Times.
 "It was always" more!
more !'"
The director even sent a note to his reading cast: "I challenge you to make me say that you went too far."
Musical numbers reflect his attitude.
A play with direct elimination, the "Elephant Love Medley", joins the "All You Need is Love" of the Beatles, "In the Name of Love", "I will love you" by Dolly Parton " D "Your Song" by Elton John and Bernie Taupin.
Need more?
How about "diamonds are the best friend of a girl" spicy with games of "Material Girl?"
Luhrmann's distribution offers a wide variety of approaches which, together, are added to something messy, but often wonderful.
Ewan McGregor is extremely sympathetic as a Christian, emphasizing the sincerity of the poet struck with love.
The singing voice of McGregor is robust and adds vigor at the right times.
Once labeled the "queen of ice", Nicole Kidman melts this characterization with a sibling but tender performance.
She manages songs at the height, although her voice seems a little thin in the upper range.
The veteran actor of the character Jim Broadbent is properly larger than life as a Ringmaster Zidler? Wait to see him play "like a virgin".
As Duke Buffonish, Richard Roxburgh turns out to be the weakest link in the film, although I am sure he was just following instructions.
I suspect that "Moulin Rogue" will be one of those love films.
Although I don't really like it, I certainly liked it very much.
During a year, I see much more than 300 films, and most of them look like xeroxes from each other.
 "Moulin Rogue" is an original, and an original, even imperfect, is one thing to cherish.