Hollywood has a.750
Standard average with the Elmore Leonard adaptations.
Last year, the touch was poorly designed and simply strange, but Get Shorty, Jackie Brown and now out of sight were all very entertaining films.
Steven Soderburgh, mastery in sex, lies and video band, now adds crime to his repertoire in this story of theft of banking, prison, double cross, uncoupped diamonds and, oh yes, true love.
George Clooney is the protagonist, a risky choice after failures such as Batman and Robin and the peacemaker, but for once, I did not want to slap the taste of his mouth.
He plays his role in sight as a suave cary grant type perfected in Hitchcock films, the kind of guy to which the crime is only a profession like the others.
Nowhere present is that Clooney is usual of Clooney - there are just enough remains of lightness to adapt to Leonard style.
Clooney is definitely a perfect successor to John Travolta in Get Shorty.
Clooney plays a man who stole approximately 200 banks without ever using a pistol.
In the opening scene, he enters a bank and deprives it not only with ease but with charm.
Of course, he gets caught, so everything is not good.
It is by making time in a Florida prison that Clooney learns a collection of diamond diamonds with a wealthy detainee (Albert Brooks in a frightening bald wig).
Clooney and the twenty rhames cohort plan the score, while the protective artist and combat promoter Don Cheadle begins rival plans.
Meanwhile, there is Jennifer Lopez.
Involuntarily funny in Selena and intentionally funny in Anaconda, she finally graduated as a U.S. Marshal who goes on his way to prison at night, Clooney escapes.
Rhames is waiting to take a look in a stolen car, and Lopez makes it a trio, his hostage ass locked in a chest with Clooney.
It is covered with dirt and has a pistol in its neck, and it is a little cramped in there, but they manage to make a connection of love anyway, probably because it is a film.
The relationship between Clooney and Lopez is at the heart of the film, and one of the details that raises him beyond your normal black crime story.
Leonard films are more obsessed with dialogue than crime, and that is no exception.
Although they are not really relevant to the plot, Lopez's relationship with his father (Dennis Farina de Get Shorty), Rhames' relationship with his Christian sister (you could call his sister Christian) and a pop camé-In de Michael Keaton all all lend additional all to a film already full of it.
Out of sight extends at least three years, but has a non -linear structure, focusing on the Jailbreak / Brooks score and by flashing in the previous time.
This is a film with a brain, as smooth and calculated as the characters of Clooney and Lopez themselves.
The whole casting makes material justice - Clooney and Lopez enter, and Rhames and Cheadle cement their positions like two of my favorites.
Hoping that future Leonard adaptations will continue to wear the torch.
Serve America for almost 1 / 20th of a century!