Titanic is so close to being the perfect film that it upsets that it is not the case.
The film, which cost 200 million dollars + to do and could put the 20th Century Fox in many purposes of purpose if it "sunk" (word game) is a work of love for Cameron, which wrote and realizedthe film.
We all know that the big budget does not mean a big film (see Waterworld (1995)), but Titanic is much higher than Kevin Costners Watergured Epic.
But unfortunately, Titanic just misses the Masterpiece brand (although this is one of the best films in Cameron)
The film begins with current explorers in search of the headed titanic.
They find a safe and inside a photo of a woman.
The woman in the photo (an old winner) tells the explorers that the photo is her.
The explorers invite her, and she then tells her story of Titanic.
In the flashback, DiCaprio plays poor boy Jack Dawson, who, after winning a poker match, won two tickets to get on the Grand Ship Titanic, leaving Liverpool to go to America.
Rose Rose Dewitt Bukater (Winslet) is also aboard the ship who is forced to marry a man whom she does not like at all, Cal Hockley (Zane) so that her family can remain rich.
She almost commits suicide on the ship, but Jack comes to the rescue, saves Rose, they fall in love and Cal becomes jealous and finally tries to kill them.
Oh yeah, and the ship flows.
And this is the main problem of the film, and which prevents it from being a work of genius.
The story and the script (both from Cameron) are both weak.
The story is full of cliché characters (the scary man that the nice girl must marry, the poor boy with her heart, the mother stuck) and the bad dialogue (the script consists of a lot of jokes on the way the boatWon "I do not flow, and most of the dialogue is quite basic) it's really a shame, because the public must spend 3 hours of this film.
Without a good dialogue, a film could become a very long and very boring film (like Camerons Clean Terminator 2, 1992) but, fortunately, there are buyout features that make history and dialogue disappear.
First, there is the management of Cameron.
There are superb Titanic scanning plans, and a little intelligent fades between the Flashback Titanic and the Titanic in ruins.
But the scenes that Cameron directs particularly well are the disaster scenes at the end.
There are a lot of chaos and panic, all very well done by Cameron.
It is a scary spectacle, looking at the bodies falling large heights into the aqueous depths below.
Thanks to Cameron's management, then the attention of the public is maintained for the 3 full hours for 15 minutes.
To support the staging, the excellent casting, operating very well with their characters subscribed.
DiCaprio is good, although it is only 16-17 years old.
His performance of an overly excitable, but as well high boy is excellent, and he also has fun lines.
Winslet is also great, and her transistion of a rich girl well brought up to a young rebellious adult is quite fluid.
Zane is deliciously bad like Cal, saying each line with a sneer and a sparkle of the eyelashes of the eyes.
The public really comes to hate him.
He may play the same character he plays in each film in which he is (like Dead Calm, 1988), but he does it really very well.
Kathy Bates (Edward Scissorhands, 1990) is also worthy of note as a noisy.
Finally, the icing on the cake of "big things" are the special effects.
Cameron is a Whiz with effects (Just Watch Aliens (1988), Terminator 2 and True Lies, 1994) and they are very well used throughout.
Ship sweeping is great, although the digital domain, which has made the effects, cannot animate the human movement too much.
Humans seem to be "gently", there is just something strange about them.
You can say that they were animated on a computer.
Of course, the ship flowing is great, with flying bodies Everywhere, and the scene where the ship is divided into two must be seen to be believed.
Titanic is one of the only films where the effects have reinforced the film.
Titanic is therefore a marvel of realization, actor and CGI, but no writing and history.
Again, like most Cameroon films, the edition is loose (Cameron changes itself), and the film could come in less than three hours with a few additional cuts.
Titanic, then, although it is not the sponsor of the films he could be, is a wonderful attempt to create a work of genius.
Pleasant Titanic, scary and even sad, a cinema was invented, filling the screen of incredible images and attacating the ears with a great sound.
A superb film, but unfortunately not perfect.
Global evaluation = (