In, "The Muse" Albert Brooks embodies Steven Phillips, a Hollywood screenwriter who, after winning a humanitarian prize for his work, is dropped by his studio.
They say he has lost his advantage and that his agent is quick to agree with them.
He knows he needs to write something fresh and original and fast, otherwise his career will be over.
He therefore turns to his "best" friend, Jack (Jeff Bridges) another screenwriter who was successful after success.
On the way to Jack's house, Steven sees Jack helping a pretty woman (Sharon Stone) in a taxi and begins to think: does he have a connection?
When he is confronted, Jack tells him in a relaxing way that this mystery woman is, in fact, a muse, a mythological figure who would have inspired all creativity and helped him to obtain his success.
 "She does no real writing," we say, "but inspires you."
Steven is excited by what he hears and asks Jack to call him to see if she will take Steven as a new customer.
Jack organizes a meeting between the two and suggests that Steven gives him a gift, preferably something from Tiffany.
After the meeting of the muse, Sarah decides to take Steven, but at a price: she wants a sequel to the Four Seasons and wants Steven to perform strange tasks for her (like bringing her salads in the middle of the night.)
Steven's wife (Andy MacDowell) sees him in a catering store and questions him about the reason he has stamps in his wagon.
Steven admits everything and, although at the beginning suspicious, she later allows Sarah to move to their friends room and finally in their lives.
The only question for Steven is whether the muse is worth all the problems he suffers for her.
And that's a question, only time will tell us.
 "The Muse" is the sixth film by Albert Brooks as a writer / director / actor (he co-written with Monica Johnson) and although it is a good film, it's not at the level of his bestWorks ("Defending your life" and "Mother").
The problem lies in the script, and for a film based on his dialogue for his humor, there are not as many laughs as laughter despite some good liners.
He has an excellent premise but does not deliver his full potential.
But, I like Albert Brooks in this film and I think we can all identify ourselves a little with Steven Phillips.
He can whine and complain, but he just wants to support his family and be happy.
And I also like Sharon Stone in this film; it's a good change of rhythm for her.
And I also appreciated the cameos starring Rob Reiner, James Cameron and Martin Scorsese.
And although "The Muse" does not have as much to say on Hollywood as "The Player" by Robert Altman, I have always left the theater by feeling good.
And that's something I would like to get out of more movies.