When Quentin Tarantino made "Pulp Fiction", he did not only make the greatest film of the 90s; he also did what I think is the most influential film of all time.
But before you send me the hatred box for not having given this title to "Citizen Kane", listen to me.
Like "Citizen Kane", "Pulp Fiction" has changed films forever.
But I think the latter had a little more impact.
 "Pulp Fiction" in fact inaugurated a new era of film production.
He changed the way the films will be viewed.
 "Fiction" generated so many imitations, I lost the account.
Of course, some were excellent ("linked" and "the usual suspects" immediately come to mind), but any serious cinema guardian recognizes "pulp fiction" as the original of the 90s.
In this review, I hope to change the whole spirit of the population who criticized him for his excessive blasphemy and violence (which, by the way, is not really this graph).
The brightest aspect of Tarantino's masterpiece is the scenario.
He is filled with so much classical dialogue (the speech "Quarter Power With Cheese" will be taking place in history), it should be necessary to read for any film student, if this is not already the case.
The story (told in unorthodox non -linear format) is centered on three main episodes, which end up intertwining.
The first, entitled "Vincent Vega and Marcellus Wallace's Wife", deals with a very busy John Travolta (I forgot to mention the shooting sequence of the Cool heroine) taking Mia Wallace (a star performance by Uma Thurman), the wife of her bosses, on an appointment to a cool restaurant in the 1950s called Jack Rabbit Slim's.
They speak for a while (with occasional "uncomfortable silence"), mainly on a guy called Tony Rocky Horror.
After giving Marcellus the new bride a feet massage, he was thrown from a building and in a greenhouse, giving it an "obstacle to speech".
They also participate in a cool dance competition and end up twisting the classic of Chuck Berry "You Never Canel".
I will not reveal the rest of the story, but I will certainly say that it turns out to be a real disappointment of a night, despite the cool trophy they win.
The second floor (the least of the three but still four stars) features Bruce Willis (proving that he can play someone other than John McClain in the films "Die Hard") as a butch Coolidge boxer.
Previously in the film (as I said, it said in non -linear form), he had concluded an agreement with Marcellus Wallace that he would fall in a match.
It turns out that not only does he not take the fall, but he ends up killing his opponent.
He takes a taxi in the apartment of his girlfriend half in mind, and to make a short feature film, ends up going back to his own place to recover a gold watch, a kind of family inheritance explained by ChristopherWalken in a hilarious flashback sequence.
On the way back, he fell (literally) Marcellus.
The two relax the prisoner with two sexual murderers of Hillbilly, which is reflected in the infamous scene "Gimp", which is very reminitive of "Croche like a pig!"
Scene of "Deliverance".
The last (and the best, in my opinion) of the episodes presents John Travolta (again) and Samuel L.Jackson (in the best performance of any actor of all time support) as two slightly offbeat hitmen trying to get rid ofof a bloody car.
They are looking for help with a friend of Jackson (played by the Q-Man himself), desperately need a stress ball.
They end up calling a kind of "clean", played by the God among men Harvey Keitel, to help them.
In the end, the story buys brilliantly around itself, ending in fact where it started.
If you have not already seen the film (or even if you have done it, by the way), I suggest you invest your money in a copy of the edition of Letterbox collectors.
It presents two new scenes and the original film restored how it was originally intended to be seen.
ear Bind today, I bought this version and watched it a few hours ago.
What the Pan-And-Scan has done to this film is inexcusable.
This cut version, like half of the film.
What I missed in recent years of visualization of this film is incredible.
For example, when Travolta and Jackson are in the apartment towards the end, the large screen version allows you to see that several things on the walls make crosses.
This could help explain the divine intervention that takes place.
Just a theory ...
One of the things that piss off people on this film is that Tarantino has borrowed many scenes from other films (i. E.
 "Psycho" "Mortal kiss me", "Deliverance", etc.).
But why shouldn't he?
It is not as if it were right and had stolen in a blatant way.
Give a break to the guy.
In case you have not already noticed, I believe that "Pulp Fiction" is a supremely excellent film and one of the best of all time (up there with big like "Casablanca" and "The Godfather").
Believe me, you won't see a better film released from the 90s.
And in addition, it is a hell of a walk.
Note: If someone knows how I could get a "bad bugger" wallet, please send me an email.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.