Bruce Barth's sweet piano plays in the background while the conflict breaks out in a small town in Florida.
The gold of Ulee looks like another creation of Fonda - on Golden Pond: it has a soft and calm surface with a storm preparing below, cinematography creates a place of gold, yellow and olive colors, the music is stirredand quiet.
The two deal with the difficulties of family life.
Peter Fonda gives his best performance without a doubt to Victor Nu? The new film by Ez and Patricia Richardson (star improvement star) shows that she deserves a big screen.
Naked is probably the biggest asset of the independent film, with John Sayles, and he proves his talent at a slow pace and with wave and heavy tension.
The performance of Peter Fonda borrows from his father Henry Fonda in Golden Pond - There is a great vulnerability that he gives to the character Ulee Jackson and just like his father, Peter Fonda is calm, emotional and tired in this exceptional role.
Ulee Jackson, the film's protagonist, is in difficulty.
The pressure rises at the wrong time.
He is a beekeeper and he is his "busy" season.
He has to face the needs of his two granddaughters and in eruption of hormones, he is forced to take his daughter-in-law in Orlando who is suspended and takes care of hersSon, who is now in prison, has left.
He finds his daughter-in-law, Helen, with the two men with whom his son stole a bank.
She apparently told these two men that the money resulting from the flight is with her husband.
This is why he was caught - the police found him with the money.
Now the two men require them to get money, or they will come after the two granddaughters of Ulee.
Ulee promises that he will bring them and bring back a disturbed Helen in her small serene house where her two children whom she abandoned scrutinizing with contempt.
Ulee is a man who lost his friends at war - he was the only man in his peloton to survive.
He refuses the help of anyone and does not respond to affectionate gestures.
He is a bitter and closed man whose only passion is his beekeeping, his granddaughters and his deceased wife.
Connie, her neighboring neighbor, finally puts himself on him with friendly favors.
She is a nurse and helps Helen to cross her drug disorders.
The gold of Ulee is the story of a man who believes that he is well as he is - until the truth is painfully: it is cold and insensitive.
Of course, in the end, Ulee softens, but his journey is absorbing and we fell in love with his fatigue and weariness.
What is admirable in the film is the winning turn of Peter Fonda as a legee and the story that has the impression that nobody is silly but, in the end, finds itself in a separate class.