America has finally obtained what it has been necessary for years: a sincere president compassionate with an impressive ethics and charisma.
It is not a film.
President James Marshall (Harrison Ford) is fed up with terrorist activities.
Combining with the Russian government, he ordered a capture of strike for Alexander Radek, a reactionary general ready to bring the Soviet Union under his fascist reign.
During a celebration dinner, Marshall announces to the world that it will send troops to fight oppression wherever it exists.
 "It's your turn to be afraid," he said.
Back home on Air Force One, he is lucky to demonstrate his words personally.
Ultra-nationalist activists faithful to Radek and led by Ivan Korshunov (Gary Oldman) divert the plane threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until the general's release.
Marshall has a chance to escape in an abandoned capsule (which, according to Clinton, does not exist in real life) but refuses, preferring to stay and fight.
Director Wolfgang Peterson ("Das Boot", "In the Line of Fire", "Epiberw" takes the theme "Die Hard" over the use and gives us something new in a film that combines a brilliant game with an intensity ofMaintaining your breath.
If you can leave your eyes on the screen, fly the public.
Everyone is completely absorbed.
The two actors do what they do best and they are probably the best.
Oldman has become cactacast as a psychotic sadistic and not surprising - he does it so well.
When he hires the first teenage girl in a sensitive conversation about his family and the next minute threatens to make a hole in his forehead, you know that he is above the way people with a cause can become.
You are convinced that the young Alice could end up stopping at any time.
When Korshonov performs passengers, there is a frightening reality.
The firearms of this film are deadly weapons, not cartoons.
Harrison Ford has played a role for several years.
His mastery of man in the suit propelled into desperate action is in great shape here.
Marshall is a recipient of the medal of honor who now has office work.
Realisticly, he is a man who is afraid, but is not afraid to act.
Ford is one of the few actors who might make us believe that the President of the United States could be an action hero.
Indiana Jones at the Oval Office.
He and the Oldman archetypes correspond perfectly.
The other roles also return to the actors accomplished.
Glenn closes as a determined but uncertain vice-president is the image of a forced manager in a position for which she is not entirely ready.
Dean Stockwell as defense secretary eager for authority ("I am in charge here!")
is his political enemy and is transformed into a good performance of Alexander Haig.
Of course, politics is all wrong.
A cowboy president (even to his name) with Big Guns get his way through problems.
Like the American collective memory of JFK Camelot, the image is wonderful if you do not look too deep.
The prints on the patriotic heart would be too much in any other film, but they work here.
Regardless of the political spin you have put on history, the film is exceptional.
I left the theater that there is hope for the future of the country: not a common belief these days.
Now if we can only operate Ford for the president.
It is not because an actor did not work as general manager that another could not.
 (Michael Redman has lost the account how many years he wrote this column - 21 years old ... 22 years old - while looking at the sunflowers outside his window swinging in fresh breezes.)