Warning: This criticism contains spoilers for the 1964 "fail-safe" film.
If you have not yet seen the film, proceed with caution.
Num: a relevant, intelligent and suspense drama.
Always powerful today, even after the end of the Cold War.
------------------- "failure" (United States, 1964) Drama, 111 minutes
Script by Walter Bernstein based on the novel by Eugene Burdy and Harvey Wheeler produced by Max E.youngstein directed by Sidney Lumet
Review by Jamahl Epsicokhan --------------------
The most ironic aspect of nuclear war is that he does not have a winning team and on a losing side.
In a nuclear confrontation, everyone is losing and the effects after effects have devastating effects that have an impact on the whole world - the world's ASTUME survives.
The idea - and perhaps the only real option - is to avoid war at all costs.
This is the theme of "Fail-Safe" by Sidney Lumet, a fictitious drama based on the novel by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler.
 "Fail-Safe" takes place at the heart of the Cold War (the real film was released two years after the Cuban missile crisis), when the United States and the Soviet Union were in static discord on a problem that can be summed upIn a single motor: communism.
The premise focuses on a combination of accidents and operating defects.
Five U.S. The bombers carrying nuclear warheads are ordered to define a routine course for Moscow after an unidentified plane is identified towards America.
The unidentified plane turns out to be a commercial airliner, but a mechanical failure strikes the military base which commands the bombers.
Suddenly out of contact, and with the permanent order to stay on the right track until the new guidelines are new guidelines, bombers' pilots cannot be recalled, and they go to Moscow with intentionto destroy it with a nuclear strike.
A large part of the intrigue of "fail -safe" follows various characters while they try to design ways to stop the U.S. Bombers to reach the borders of Russia - at any cost.
The intrigue is convincing, and the story creates urgency and fear by painting the worst most difficult scenarios.
Reality settles quickly as an attempt to transform the bombers after the other fails.
General Bogan (Frank Overton), taking orders directly from the President of the United States himself (Henry Fonda), is powerless-the fate of the world is in the hands of an automated and pre-programmed system which may notBeing stopable, simply because the creators of war machines were too effective in their task to make a situation without gainable gain.
The events of "failure" are fascinating because they are anything but predictable, but the real reason why "security" works "is because it understands more nuclear war than what exists within the limits of its intrigue.
A key ingredient in the film is its ability to create an ongoing controversy in nuclear war, communism, the Cold War and the role of the United States in all of this.
Most of this is thanks to the use by the film of the character Groeteschele (Walter Matthau), an arrogant civil theorist for the use of nuclear weapons which, moreover, is on the staff to advise the president to analyze the plausibilityNuclear war statistics.
Many of the most sharp messages in the film stem from discussions where Groeteschele is one of the key votes.
At the start of the film, he organized a dinner where he explained the importance of the "strategy" in a nuclear assault to "minimize" the victims.
 "What is the difference between 60 million and 100 million dead?"
asks an impatient guest.
 "Forty million", replies with irony.
The problem with the state of mind of Groeteschele is that he * believes * nuclear combat as a viable war method.
The only difference for him between the Nuclear Armageddon and the conventional war is the raw data and the total victims.
Groeteschele realizes that these weapons can destroy the world several times.
YOU This response to the arms race is not to slow down and try to cool the situation, like General Black (Dan O'Herlihy) has often recommended it.
On the contrary - according to Groeteschele, this would lead to Russia to have * more * of nuclear weapons than the U.S., which would clearly put America in a disadvantage.
Such a position was perhaps the central paradox and the error practice of the arms race.
 "Fail-Safe" sees him clearly as one of the central problems of the Cold War and, likewise, it becomes a central theme of the film.
Why continue to build such machines of mass destruction while already having enough to destroy the world several times?
Is it wise?
Is it even logical?
Not really .
Although "secure" is more about the question of nuclear weapons than on the political ramifications of communism, there is a scene in the film which deals with communism in an intentionally superficial and unilateral way.
Again, this is done thanks to Groeteschele, who is easily the most important character in the film in terms of greater meaning.
In addition to providing the central voice of the "pro-nuclear war" against which the film warns, it also makes key remarks on the communists who show how people of fear and resentment of the time were subjectto communism.
The context that the film uses suggests that this hatred was often Glib.
One of the "logical" trains of Groeteschele's thought has ventured so far in the fantastic theoretical prediction that it is simply absurd.
He describes the average Marxist an "insensitive and calculating machine" which will do everything it takes to preserve himself.
Groeteschele takes it so far as to say that if the U.S. Like the warhead in Moscow, the Soviets * instantly * will render themselves *, because to retaliate would invite the countermeasures which would destroy the original soil of Russia - which must bekept at all costs.
Groeteschele seems to forget that these people are human beings with emotions; General Black quickly reminds him that the Soviets would attack out of revenge - as the normal person would do.
Irony here is the mechanical theory of Groeteschele.
It is so quick to judge the enemy that he does not even realize his own models of apparently programmed thinking.
Once the film is obvious that turning the U.S. Bombers will be impossible, the question will become what the * consequences of Moscow will be.
How will the head of the Soviet Union react, and what can the president do to transmit his best intentions?
 (Just * how do * do we pass the deaths of millions of people like an * accident *?)?
With the help of his translator Buck (Larry Hagman), the president negotiates at length with the Soviet leader, in scenes that prove incredibly tense and powerful in their simplicity, with the long catches of Lumet de Fonda and Hagman in the sameFramework, by exchanging the dialogue of Lumetentre the president and the Soviet chief.
Without going into too many details, I would say that the compromise they finally reach is very expensive, but necessary and as sensitive as possible in the circumstances.
 (In other words, as sensitive as a nuclear "incident" can probably be.)
He accomplishes what he owes: he avoids total war, something that is simply not possible because of his too real consequences.
Dramaticly, the end is quite powerful, and the use of the character of O'Herlihy as a symbolic "matador" (offering a book greenhouse to the film by finishing the story while linking his dream sequence'opening of the film) is particularly appropriate.
 "Fail-Safe" is a production of a large Hollywood studio (published by Columbia Pictures), and it has the structure of a high-voltage suspense thriller that could be expected of a Hollywood film.
Nevertheless, under the direction of Lumet and the intelligent adaptation of Walter Bernstein of the novel by Burdick and Wheeler, the film continues by HAV e a lasting effect even after the events on the screen took place.
The film often warns that the automation of war is something that can make nuclear holocaust an involuntary consequence of such a mass armament.
But it was the conscious and initialized human choice * this automatic armament that "secure" also finds dangerous.
Retrospectively, the arms race seems to be one of the most confusing exercises in the futility of the century.
It is just lucky that the two parties were able to resume their minds and slow down, rather than pursuing the dangerous approach to Groeteschele to accelerate and cause a possible collapse.