Studio expectations did not have to be raised for "major expectations" - the release date of the film was pushed from late December to the endAcademy until this time in 1999.
It is in fact an intelligent decision, because although this update update on Charles Dickens's tale is not entirely Oscar Fodder, it is * strong enough to be distinguished from the cinematographic dump which generally constitutes the five or sixfirst weeks of any given data.
 "Great Awestes" also shows how to modernize a classic story, especially after the excruciating excess of "William Shakespeare by Baz Luhrmann" Romeo + Juliet ".
 "Great Awets Awards" opens somewhere in Florida in the 1970s (the original story takes place in 19th century England), while Finn (Jeremy James Kissner), eight years, meets a trio of people who will have adeep effect on his life in Laavenir.
There are Icy, Estella, 11 years old (Raquel Beaudene), a pseudo-game from Finn; Ms .Dinsmoor (Anne Bancroft), aunt d'Estella who is quite offset on a past romance that has never taken off; andA mysterious prisoner (Robert de Niro) that Finn saves life.
Finn, who lives with the affable boyfriend of his sister (Chris Cooper of the lonely star), submits to a budding artist, and proves his prowess by whipping an unusual portrait of Estella using only ms.From Dinsmoor, the eyebrow pencil and the wallpaper of his dilapidated mansion.
Flash forward in the 90s (after a brief stop in the 80s), and Finn (now played by Ethan Hawke), discouraged by a strange hot and cold relationship with the elusive Estella (Gwyneth Paltrow), receives Malde L'Money of an unknown benefactor; it is enough money to send it to New York to focus on a career in art.
There, Finn seems to win everything he might wish - wealth, prestige and a high place in the glamorous world of art.
When Estella resurfaces - although with a remote fianc? (Hank Azaria) - Finn also sees the possibility of renewing their mutual attraction.
But it is not the only ghost of Finn's past that will visit him.
Comparisons with "Romeo + Juliet" above seem inevitable because these films are the only ones of recent memory to place the classic drama in a current setting.
 "Large expectations" is a much better business, because it deals with its source with impartial respect, where "Romeo" has never been sure of being a parody, a tribute or both.
The film is a visual banquet thanks to the sexy cinematography of Emmanuel Lubezki; he notably captures a revisited fountain kiss between the two tracks with an erotic and erotic load which is more thunderous than the love scenes (surprisingly silent of the film).
The eclectic rock soundtrack compliments the action on the screen beautifully, in particular the new songs of Tori Amos, Mono and Duncan Sheik.
The acting credits are of first order, often hiding the occasional slippages of the scenario.
Hawke is sincere and solid as a leading man (something we also learned from "Gattaca"), and his Finn is a fairly nice guy.
The Estella de Paltrow, on the other hand, is rather underdeveloped.
While the actress is her best freezing sedutive, we have not been told much about her character, and consequently, it is often difficult to understand why Finn would appreciate it beyond a physical level (but, oh, * what * a physique); sometimes we root Finn, even if we do not understand very well why she feeds her fire.
Robert de Niro is kind and sophisticated in the benevolent role he has rarely played; at the other end of the actor's spectrum is a bench, a macabre and guttural delight that mambos and sucks cigarettes with strange enthusiasm that would make normalDesmond jealous.
The visually elegant direction of Alfonso Cuaron helps to distract dry moments which appear more f In a compensatory way around the peak of the film.
Another problem is predictability; you can guess your path through the plot even if you are not familiar with history.
Despite its script defects, the "great expectations" are undeniably romantic without being cheesy or gloppy.
And frankly, it's nice to see a film that embraces a softened sensuality other than explicit sexuality.
Perhaps the renovated release date, terribly near Valentine's Day, will eventually help the "expectations of large expectations" apparently average at the box office after all.