Some criticisms, including Siskel & Ebert, claim that the raging bull of Martin Scorsese, the history of the Boxer Jake La Motta, is the best film of the 80s.
Since there are still a certain number of films from the 80s that I have not seen, I do not feel qualified to make such a judgment, but I will say that without hesitation: Raging Bull is a great film, and IWill be if more than one handful of films published between January 1, 1980 and December 31, 1989 are closer to its level.
Bio-pics often enter one of the two categories: exaggerated hero adoration or dry and dull manual account.
It is rare that a film with the nickname "based on the life of?"appears to be something other than sporadically energetic and marginally entertaining.
Raging Bull is the perfect counterexample, and a brilliant argument for filmmakers to continue working in this genre.
The image takes the life of the Boxer Jake La Motta, an average weight icon of the 1940s and 50s, and develops one of the most convincing characters to have reached the big screen.
During the 129 minutes, director Martin Scorsese and actor Robert de Niro (in the title role) fascinated us by this individual who is turned in turn, sad and horrible.
Historically, Raging Bull would be mainly precise, with the lion's share of the details drawn from the Motta autobiography (which was co-written with Joseph Carter and Peter Savage).
However, although the Motta is credited as the "consultant" of the film, he would not have been unhappy with the final result, because he depicts him as an insensitive and insensitive lout.
The Motta of the film is a man of extreme appetites who is motivated by basic impulses and cattle? Paranoia, jealousy and blind rage.
Sex and violence are inextricably linked.
The title is apt? The Motta is a bull that is raging.
In the ring, he is a terror, not only beat his opponents, but destroy them.
Apart from that, it is no less vicious or more easily controlled.
The two people who train on the canvas of life are his wife, Vicki (Cathy Moriarty), and his brother / manager, Joey (Joe Pesci).
These are the two that mean the most for Jake, and who, following his inability to trust or others, he loses.
He wounded mercilessly Vicki because he suspects her of infidelity, and, when he believes in an inaccurate way that his brother betrayed him, he is unleashed with an explosion of violence.
Raging Bull opened in 1941 when the Motta, a promising fighter, fights in the upper level of the middle weight class.
Over the years, he won several key fights, including one against his rival Arch, Sugar Ray Robinson (Johnny Barnes), but his reluctance to capitulate with the local godfather prevents him from participating in a championship match.
Meanwhile, far from the ring, the Motta falls in love with Vicki, 15, which he married after throwing his first acute wife.
Vicki becomes Jake's largest prix (a woman, in her opinion, is not a companion, but a possession) and the source of his most extreme pain.
His own insecurity is so great that he cannot accept that a woman as beautiful as Vicki can be faithful to him.
Therefore, he is constantly haunted by a conviction that she sleeps with someone else? Maybe even her brother.
 (This leads to the famous parodied line while waiting for Guffman and elsewhere: "Are you F * * King my wife ??")
At the end of the 1940s, the Motta obtained its first shot during a championship fight, but with a huge condition: it had to fall.
It hurts so that an investigation is launched and it is almost thrown from boxing.
Two years later, he won the championship, to lose it in a later fight in Sugar Ray.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, at the end of the film, Jake became a pathetic figure? A broken overweight loser who spent time in prison To corrupt the moral of a minor, lost his wife and children and tries to win a few dollars by doing a cheap standup routine.
Raging Bull is the other side of Rocky.
The story of Sylvester Stallone Boxing Triumph was published with great critical renunciation in 1976.
He won the best Oscar in 1977, and a suite arrived in theaters before Raging Bull was in production.
But, where Rocky Romantize boxing, Raging Bull takes a cold and flawless look at violence inside and outside the ring.
Although the main objective of Scorsese is to present a fascinating deconstruction of the Motta Man, he never turns out to show the underside and thin sports where the game, greed and fighters of the force of organized crime havePut matches to continue working.
Rocky shows boxing to its noblest; Raging Bull shows it to its most sick.
There is not much that I can say here who has not already said about the performance of de Niro.
In a career that has included many roles, it is his most remarkable.
Niro's level of intensity brings to the Motta is unshakable.
And, although there are a lot of Bickle Travis (the character of Niro in Taxi Driver) at the Motta, Scorsese and Niro are launching great efforts to make sure that, if we never fully sympathize with him,The less we understand the forces that drive.
It is a complete characterization and a perfect example of a game.
As a young Jake, from Niro is finished and adjusted.
As a fat, older man, from Niro won 50 pounds and transformed his body into a grotesque parody of his normal form.
How many actors would go so far?
Oscar's best statue is only a testimony to the sustainable power of performance.
Cathy Moriarty and Joe Pesci both obtained appointments for their support work (although none of the two won).
Their representations have the same raw energy which instills in Niro.
Pesci, who has essentially recreated the same personality in two other Scorsese films (Goodfellas and Casino), presents Joey as a slightly more intelligent version of his brother.
Misogyny and violence are still there, but better hidden.
But, when Joey slaps, as he does in a scene where he beats a gangster (Frank Vincent), it's surprising to see.
Moriarty, on the other hand, must play the temptator with virgin qualities? The only kind of woman who traps Jake.
Later, she called to portray the battered woman and mother whose love has become fear.
Scorsese and the director of photography Michael Chapman have chosen to draw most of Bull Bull in black and white (some "home film" segments are in color).
The choice is perfect for the film, giving Raging Bull a unique look at a time when a black and white approach is almost unknown.
 (An important recent exception, Schindler's list, has avoided colors for some of the same reasons as Raging Bull.)
In black and white (especially given the choice of scorcese shots and the use of idle), violence is striking and disturbing.
There is no place for romanticism in the ring with black ink blood staining the canvas.
During combat sequences, the director also uses a number of point of view plans designed to show the world, but briefly, from the point of view of the Motta.
Scorsese could have chosen to end the film with the defeat of the Motta against Sugar Ray, where he gave in his average weight crown.
After that, his career was downhill.
However, the director allows the film to work for thirty minutes after this pivotal moment, extending more than a decade in the future of the Motta.
The reason is obvious: Scorsese is not as interested in boxing as in the character.
After his retirement, the Motta is still as violent and volatile as ever, but he lost the arena in which he can legally trigger these trends.
We see the results of this beast unleashed on society and how the consequences of its actions reduce it to a parody of its former S elf.
Who cannot feel an increase in the pity of the Motta when he quietly recites Marlon Brando's speech on the seafront?
 ("I could be a tale.")
Maybe Raging Bull is indeed the best film in the 80s.
And, if not, it is certainly dangerously close to Zenith.