Until about a year ago, John Travolta's career consisted of these films "Look who speaks" (notice how they never called them talented) and the 1991 bomb cry (which was pretty badto scream most people).
But somewhere along the line, Travolta obtained the main role in the masterpiece of Tarantino Pulp Fiction and his career has further skyrocketed.
Weird how someone whose career was tied with the Bee Gees in 1978 would again experience glory and fortune, while Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb could not do better than a album directly at the 1993 bin named "The size is not all "(and of course, they learned that sales are everything).
But now Travolta is again on the Hollywood scene, and I think we all know why.
Four words: Contract with the devil.
And that has nothing to do with Newt Gingrich's "contract with America".
No, Satan is much more human.
Anyway, yes, Travolta sold her soul to the Velu host of Netherworld.
How can I know ?
I have the document in question.
Incredible what you can buy in collection stores for a few hundred dollars, right?
Get Shorty continues in the vein of paste fiction, with Travolta like Minion Chile Palmer.
He will collect part of the mafia money from a director of Grade B (Gene Hackman) and suddenly discovers that he wants to get out of the game of the crowd and in the cinema game.
Of course, a ruthless criminal like him is far too honest to do it in Hollywood, but I suppose it is next to the point.
Palmer is determined to have the next hackman project carried out, so he proposes to convince the great star Martin Weir (Danny Devito) to play in the film, bringing the horror actress in the Bas Karen Flores (René Russo),Who has already eaves with Hackman and Devito.
Do not need a manufacturer of Las Vegas ratings to predict that she and Travolta soon also strike sheets, after the usual sexual tension and denial, which was used in each comedy of "Who's the Boss?"
with speechless.
It works in this case, unlike "Who is the boss?"
Although it is interesting to note that Tony Danza has also signed a contract with the devil.
The complicated things are a bit of the gangsters that supported the other Hackman films and who also want to enter, as well as the travolta mafia boss trying to find him for a defection.
Obtaining Shorty is in no way at the same level as Pulp Fiction, despite the obvious similarities.
This film is not close to originality or depth as pulp fiction, but it is certainly one of the most entertaining films that I saw this year (yes, even better than Halloween VI).
Get Shorty is my kind of film, the one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence.
I will certainly have to check the novel on which it was based.
Do you get this, Shorty?