After the indecent and close and personal proposal, Redford was wise to finally go to a photo.
Redford can look great on the screen, but in recent years he has proven himself a bigger talent behind the camera.
Ordinary People is one of the best films of the nineteen, and that was the first image he organized.
While the war of Milagro Beanfield only succeeded in the combination of the magic of realism ... Uh,
Realism, and I have never been a big fan of a river that crosses it (to the chagrin of many), the show quiz was dazzling, energetic and convincing.
The Horse Whisperer represents both his return director of Nature Films and the first time in this Redford sub-genre also seems to be concerned about humans and landscapes.
Scott-Thomas embodies Annie Maclean, a editor-in-chief of the New York magazine tense but respected whose Grace (Johanssen) loses a leg and a good friend when a journey early in the morning culminates with their horses colliding with a semi.
Grace's horse survived, but barely, and has gone mad.
Annie refuses to put the animal out of its misery, believing that if the horse heals, it will repair the newly broken spirit of Grace.
Finally, the mother and the daughter go alone to Montana to be with Tom Boker (Redford), a famous "Horse Whisperer" which has a gift of soothing horses with simple looks and touches, leaving the husband occupied not.
Finally, they go to the Ranch Booker with the rest of Tom's family, and Annie finds herself to fall in love with everything that is Montana, including, naturally, Tom, the wise and lonely coach.
The horse whisper is delicately manufactured.
I dare to say lyrical, since in the ear of many people, this word is synonymous with boredom.
barely .
The horse whisperer does not have much to offer in terms of surprise, but he has an honesty that is refreshing and always pleasant to look at, especially in the last third of history.
Scott-Thomas and Johanssen resemble a mother and a girl, and you have undoubtedly believed that the mountain views would put these New Yorkers under a fate, especially since D.P.
Robert Richardson's photography throws Montana like Paradise on Earth.
 (A Gimmicky technique but effective that filmmakers use is an appearance switching ratio on the big screen when the central location passes from New York to Montana.)
The underestimated Sam Neill perhaps transforms his most sincere emotional performance as a nice husband, who is as authoritarian and friendly as Tom.
It is indeed a refreshing change compared to the sexist, from a husband to whom many writers use as a short circuit to explain the motivation of the spouse.
Unfortunately, one of the only faults of Horse Whisperer is the chemistry between potential lovers Scott-Thomas and Redford.
I loved them both, but I didn't necessarily believe that Redford would fall for such a cold fish, even if the air of the countryside was slightly disgrunting it.
Fortunately (and curiously), it is such a rich and textured film that it does not quite have adultery seems to be a reflection afterwards, the compulsory sub-contort which links many complex relationships of the characters.