An Indian runner was more than a letter.
He * became * the message he bore.
What danger is a bear, to a message?
I used to think that Sean Penn was an immature, arrogant photographer with punches, from Madonna, in Loudmouth.
But everything that has changed now.
The guy grew up.
And that's not all.
It seems that Sean Penn has talents both as a writer and director, if this film is an indication.
One could imagine a film with a lot of ruthless rage and light machismo, given Penn in charge of Bronson and Hopper.
But no .
This film talks about a real struggle, and the victories and the defeats are not simple.
Penn lets the story take place at a pace dictated by the life of the characters, without a rush or unnecessary flash.
The objective of history is two brothers.
David Morse is the brother who grew up in the small town of the Midwest in which they were raised, taking care of a faulty farm and finally becoming a police officer.
Viggo Mortensen is the wild brother, whose wild behavior seems to be a reaction to an ancient pain that he cannot name, even less resolution.
The film takes up the story the day Mortsen returns from Vietnam, and Morse meets a young armed for the state line coincidence.
It becomes clear that a kind of conflict threatens the bond that brothers once shared.
The film is discreet, simple, direct, simple and sincere.
It is not exactly perfect, but his sincerity is well invested in the struggle of the two brothers to identify the disease before destroying them.
Life seems to go ahead a little faster than they can understand their problems.
This is a good unwavering film, or stars of large names pushed on your face.
In fact, I revise it because I suspect that it may not get a lot of marketing.
There were perhaps 10 others to the projection I saw.
I thought that the structure was clean and not simplified, although there are a few free form sections which also work very well.
The compulsory music of the 1960s seemed a little snapshot, but what are you going to do - this film * made * takes place in the 1960s after all.
In my opinion, it is worth a full -price admission.