We are Wednesday March 27 and an investigation into the murder is underway in Charlotte, in South Carolina.
The crime: a young prostitute, Elizabeth (Renee Zellweger), was brutally killed.
Half of his cut body was found in a bag at the station.
The other half was discovered in a trunk at the Harbor Authority, miles away.
The Braxton police duo (Christ Penn) and Kennesaw (Michael Rooker) are attached to tracks.
Currently, they have only one suspect possible: Wayland (Tim Roth), a rich and unemployed genius who obtained his Summa Laude de Princeton diploma and seems to be the least likely character to commit asuch odious act.
This is the premise to December, a new thriller by Pate Brothers, Jonas and Josh, who made their mark in the world of the film two years ago in Sundance with the film The Grave.
Deceiver takes place as a play of mind between intellectually superior wayland and the two non-so-brilliant cops (the legends at the start of the procedure let us know that Wayland's Qi is 151; on the other hand, Kennesaw is122 and that Braxton is 102).
The setting is a police interrogation room where a lie detection test is about to be administered.
More than three days, while Wayland returns to answer more questions, drama and tension among these three characters gradually degenerate until, inevitably, it ends.
Other elements of the plot are thrown to make a good measure.
Wayland suffers from a particular type of epilepsy which can, in stressful situations, make it practically catatonic or extremely violent.
Braxton, a compulsive player, is deeply in debt towards a local union.
And Kennesaw is haunted by a dark and abusive side that is delighted to terrorize women, especially his wife (Rosanna Arquette), whom he suspects of being unfaithful.
The weaknesses and failures of these three are brought to the opening while the mystery around the death of Elizabeth deepens and he does not know who has the upper hand: the suspect or his interrogators.
Deceiver, which is mainly transpired in a weakly lit room and involves a lot of intelligent dialogue, at the feeling of a game of David Mamet: edgy, claustrophobic and tense.
The atmosphere is explosive, and some of the pivotal moments of confrontation are riveted.
Deceiver has the power to grasp an audience.
Unfortunately, in the end, he succumbs to the need to throw a last unexpected touch, and that is his loss.
Because, although this surprise will certainly shock most viewers, it also stretches our credulity too much and raises more questions than they answer.
This is only an effective conclusion if you do not think too carefully about its complete implications.
Of course, the film as a whole plays quickly and loose with reality and logic.
Police procedure is completely ignored and it is almost impossible to accept that any criminal investigation takes place or could continue in this way.
But the real emphasis in Deceiver is on the interaction of the characters, not the details of the plot.
Deceiver only occurs from the police station, and these cases occur mainly during flashbacks featuring the prostitute.
The pasta use a number of interesting techniques to present stickers from the last days and hours of the last days of Elizabeth.
The most intriguing of them is to use an unreliable narrator while emphasizing the gaps in his voiceover, visually showing what really happened.
Moments like this are too effective to be rejected as gadgets.
The film, obviously shaped like a classic black film, tumbles up the atmosphere.
There are fascinating stylistic touches; for example, although the setting is contemporary, all phones are old -fashioned rotary models.
The director of photography Bill Butler has the possibility of using unconventional camera work to animate the deceiver look.
Some of the things he tries (mainly those that involve the contrast between light and shadow) work exceptionally well, while others (like one of the several lazy Susan blows) is more like unnecessary visual tips.
As Wayland, Tim Roth gives the main performance of the film, despite the rise in the rope between the theater between the game and the suraction.
Roth makes us believe that Wayland is both as brilliant and as disturbed as it is supposed to be.
The other two tracks, Christ Penn and Michael Rooker, are not as effective.
The two play their characters as familiar types.
Penn's performance is not inspired; Rooker's lacks subtlety.
Some of the best work is done by supporting players.
Renee Zellweger, in a role of kilometers from its star turn to Jerry Maguire, brings a note of vulnerability and humanity to a part that could easily have become a caricature.
Rosanna Arquette is solid as a backpat on Kennesaw, and Michael Parks offers several wonderful scenes as a psychiatrist who was responsible for assessing Wayland's state.
One of the best things about Deceiver is that he never talks to the public.
The points of the plot are not hammered at home and, although the end has its weaknesses, everything is not stated in bold letters.
Pates offer public members the merit of having a brain, which is an increasingly rare characteristic for filmmakers.
From time to time, striking and never uninteresting, the deceiver is a beautiful black effort.