Eyes Wide Shut is not the masterpiece that many hoped to see in the final film of Stanley Kubrick, but it is an impressive achievement; a fascinating, haunting and adult psychodrama on marriage, loyalty and sex.
It is a film by Stanley Kubrick from start to finish, constantly presenting the lean of the author's brand for long continuous grips, his unequaled skill behind the camera and his strange capacity to extract magnificent performances of his exhausted distribution(en effet, les yeux larges ont obtenu l'infamie même avant même avant avant même avant avant même avant avant avant même avant avant avant même avant avant même avant avant même avant avant même avant avant même avant même avant avant même avant même avant mêmeavant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant même avant Même avant Même Avant MêmeEven before they went out for its notoriously laborious shooting: Kubrick, a renowned perfectionist, would have held his casting "hostage" on the set for almost a year).
In an unusual maneuver, Kubrick launched two large stars in the main roles, namely her real husband and wife Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
They play Bill and Alice Harford, a volatile couple who, for a few nights, reflects on the validity of the idea that a husband and a woman must be faithful to each other.
He is a M.D., She is unemployed and we presented ourselves when they are preparing to go to a fantasy party.
In the case, they are both offered and both almost succumb to the temptation to play with someone else.
When they return to their sumptuous New York Kidman apartment (after smoking a suspicion of weeds), asks if her husband had sex with two models that approached her during the night.
He said (sincerely) that he did not do it and asks what happened with this Hungarian guy with whom she danced.
They argue until Alice tells his partner a lesser story: there is obviously some time ago, she had something for a young navy officer.
She admits that she was ready to abandon all her future with Bill and their young girl if this guy even wanted her for a night.
Bill is shaken by the story of Alice and we plan his reaction, but at that time, he receives a telephone call and must go "show his face" at the house of a patient who has just died.
This turns out to be the beginning of a long and hectic at night in the city.
The daughter of the dead patient strikes him but he refuses her wisely.
He almost makes a dirty act with a kind whore who approaches him in the street.
Then, through a series of coincidences, he finds himself in a Gothic mansion where a ritual (and frankly frightening) orgy takes place, with costumed people performing various public sexual acts.
Erotic Dread goes up while Cruise (which is not supposed to be there) wonders the spacious rooms that look at "action" until it is discovered as a stranger.
Many Hoopla has been raised that Warner Bros. published the orgy scene digitally.
With the help of a computer, they put masked figures to block some of the real sexual acts (they can still be seen, quite simply not in all their glory) in order to avoid the dreaded dimension NC-17.
European viewers will see the film as Kubrick imagined it.
Roger Ebert calls the American version of the "Austin Powers version", and many others have denounced the changes.
I am of the potentially controversial opinion that the figures only complete the mystical atmosphere of the scene.
The first thing that we notice about the wide eyes is at its appearance.
It is a clever and distinctly magnificent production, turned in dark shades and in bad mood and with beautiful elaborate landscapes.
From the giant mansion used in the centerpiece of the film to the decor of the Christmas party at Harford's apartment, this film is always a pleasure to watch.
To start, a large soundtrack makes it even more atmospheric.
At the heart, behind graphic and controversial content and unattractive mood, it is a good humor film that emphasizes the importance of fidelity.
He considers sex as almost superficial by describing it as disturbing rather than erotic.
It is something superficial and yet something necessary to achieve a deeper relationship.
At At the end, it seems, Bill's eyes are wide open to the special type of love that he and his wife have for each other, more significant than everything he could find in the streets of New York.
Kubrick arouses wonderful performance of Cruise and Kidman.
Tom is completely convincing as Dr.harford, a man who seems guided only by fate, without control of the course that his life will follow.
Nicole projects a silent intensity as a nervous but aggressive woman and her performance is incredibly effective: she heads for a wink to the Oscars.
The film helps an equally solid support cast, at the head of the director, Sidney Pollock, the director-cooking, enigmatic and articulated as a mysterious friend of Harford.
Eyes Wide Shut is not perfect: the last hour could have used a slightly happier editor of scissors and Cruise and Kidman are too good for me to believe that one or the other would have a very strong temptation to Philander.
However, it is an important work of a great director, and although he is not tied with some of the best of Stanley Kubrick, it is a worthy final film, a complex exploration of jealousy and loyalty.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;