From time to time, when an exceptional family film will arrive, I will try to defend it by putting the parents in challenge to put their money where their mouths were; with all the hubbub on the lack of films adapted to children, it isRemarkable to see how many non -Disney films disappear in a few weeks.
Now, I see that in doing so, I have unjustly ghettois these films.
So I publish my challenge not only to parents, but to all those who want to support the smart, funny and energetic film: see Matilda.
See it in a theater, rather than raising your shoulders and waiting for it on video.
See the best film I saw in 1996.
Not the best film for children ... the
best film.
period .
Based on a story by Roald Dahl, he tells the young Matilda Wormwood (Mara Wilson), an extraordinarily brilliant girl whose great misfortune is to have a pair of deeply stupid parents: Harry (Danny Devito), a worn seller worn outThe opportunity; and Zinnia (Rhea Perlman), a bingo simple drug addict.
The Wormwoods barely notice that Matilda exists, and when they do it, it is only to scold her to spend too much time reading books.
When they finally send it to school, it is in Cruchem Hall, a dark place led by Miss Agatha Trunchbull cruel and hateful of children (Pam Ferris).
But things are starting to look for Matilda when she discovers a sympathetic teacher, Miss Honey (Embeth Davidtz), who nourishes her natural curiosity.
Matilda also discovers another special talent - the ability to move things with her mind - which allows her to help herself and Miss Honey to overcome the cruelty of Miss Truchbull.
It was James and The Giant Peach of this spring who inspired me to note that the most durable and lasting tales for children tended to have more than a suspicion of darkness, and you can bet that theRoald Dahl responsible for the Gleeful Ghoulishness of Jameset Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory have more of the same thing in store with Matilda.
And just as James benefited from the dark sensitivities of Henry Selick and Tim Burton, Matilda climbs on the direction of Danny Devito's rooster eyes.
Devito has made black humor a key element in the launch of Maman of the train and the Rose War, and it contributes to a few memorable images.
In a scene, an unhappy girl is made of Miss Truchbull when she is picked up by her pig tails and thrown into the air like a launch hammer; later, an overweight boy is forced to eat a whole massive cake after havingbeen surprised stealing a dessert.
Matilda is just twisted enough to be a perfect fairy tale.
It is also characteristic of the best children's tales that they manage to teach lessons in such a way that children hardly realize that they learn them.
There is a hilarious moment when the tolerant father on Matilda television stops the book she reads (in a nasty joke, he thinks that _moby dick_ is pornographic) and forces him to watch an inane game show (hosted byJon Lovitz) in which the competitors are stated with adhesive and placed in a stand full of breath that blows.
Matilda is a story that promotes the value of intellectual curiosity on passive entertainment, and it does it while pushing the holes in this most frustrating notion for a child - because "I am tall and you are small, I have Ireason and you are wrong. "
More specifically, he has, like her heroine, an intelligent and safe girl who successfully fights against the concepts of others on the way she should behave.
It is not a coincidence that Matilda was co-written by Robin Swicord, who contributed the superb recent adaptation of little women.
Finally, Matilda has this quality that I find the most rare and the most precious in family entertainment: it is family entertainment in the true sense of the word.
Devito knows enough to make the rapid rhythm of Matilda and attractive for children, taking a deliciously unpleasant performance of Pam Ferris like Miss Truchbull and making the Foca The point of an invaluable physical comedy, including a great pursuit through his dark house.
The children actors win but never odiously adorable, Mara Wilson making Matilda an intelligent and extremely sympathetic character.
But there are also a lot, a lot of delights for adults, including my favorite scene in which Matilda uses her powers to scare Miss Trunchbull by writing chalk on a blackboard while Matilda classmates recitesinging fashion; there is also an impassive cameo by Paul Reubens as an agent of the FBI practicing Matilda's father.
I cannot imagine that someone of all ages leaves Matilda as if her intelligence had been insulted.
Matilda is a film that let me shine with a good feeling.
I will see him again, and in years I will look at him with my children.
And now, I'm going to stop, because somewhere near you, Matilda is about to start, and there is a seat in this theater in which you should be, if you have a child or never a child.