MPAA: not assessed (even if I think it would probably be PG, for martial arts violence.)
With three films already (re) released in theater in America, and at least three others on their way, Jackie Chan is one of the most recent "properties" hot properties "in Action Adventure Stardom, and it is just time.
For more than twenty-five years, Jackie has been playing in martial and action films in Hong Kong, an exciting audience with an incredible understanding of acrobatics and martial arts and a wonderful feeling of comedy.
 "Drunken Master" has the distinction of being Jackie Chan's first film to "Make It Big" - it is the film that supposedly installed Jackie for the big celebrity in Hong Kong.
I don't quite know why, exactly.
In many ways, "Drunken Master" is similar to most of the other first Jackie films, such as "Hyena intrepid" I and II, "Master with Cracked Fingers", "Half a Poind of Kung Fu", "Spiritual KungFu ", and others.
In fact, looking at all these first films together, it feels like they were swept away, a cookie style, at a rate of four to six per year, all using the same casts and telling very similar stories.
To be honest, I think the first Jackie Chan films are something of an acquired taste.
They are very different from action films as we know them in America.
These films tend to take place in the Chinese countryside in an indefinite period a little in the distant past, with fairly slow plots which often serve from afar and sometimes seem to exist only for the intention of spinning comedy and fighting themScenes together.
 "Drunken Master", although his intrigue is tighter than some, is no exception.
 (By the way, "Drunken Master" was the first film by Jackie Chan that I never saw, and I saw him as he was supposed to be seen ...
A cinema room in Seattle, as part of an Asian film festival.
At the time, I didn't really think it was something special ... but
After seeing more films like that, it's a bit growing on me.)
 The scenario of "Drunken Master" is very similar to that of the other films by Jackie Chan, such as "Fearless Hyena" I and II and "Master with Cracked Fingers" - Slacker Martial Arts taught in martial arts by a hard -apparently Master, and has a big fight with a villain in the end (a formula that was "adapted", to say it with kindness, by American films such as Karate Kid).
More specifically, Jackie Chan plays the role of Wong Fei-Hong, aka "Naughty Panther", a Kung Fu student who loves fun and who is too good at Kung Fu for his own good, but not good.
After embarrassed the assistant of his instructor by beating him in circles, then by beating a tyrant on a market, Wong Fei-Hong tries to hit a pretty girl, but discovers that she and her mother can fight back, better than him...And
is also sorrow to discover that the two women are his cousin and aunt respectively.
His father, Wong Kei-Ying, is unhappy with this and is still annoyed when the father and brother of the intimidator arise to pursue damage.
Kei-ying soon institutes a severe punishment diet, which Fei-Hong does not like at all.
While escaping from this punishment, Fei-Hong meets an old drunk man, who proceeds to rid him deeply, then take him as a student and get rid of him a little more.
This turns out to be known Hua-Chi, a legendary master in drunk style kung-fu.
He attributes to Fei-Hong a series of bizarre tasks, such as filling the water jugs while suspending a frame, crunching the nuts with his hands and other exercises of this type, which seem to be unnecessary cruelty but reinforce himIn fact.
Then, when he is ready, he teaches him the seven styles of drunk Kung-Fu.
Unfortunately, the lazy Fei-Hong practiced only six ...
 "Drunken Master" presents wonderful sequences of martial arts, with Jackie Gagnant Some fight and lose others.
It has been said before, but I repeat - these fights are not just Happen_, they are as carefully choreographed as any performance of Ballet, and it shows.
In his fights, Jackie often uses items found in her environment - benches, jugs, cups, bowls, fruits and vegetables - often in a new and surprising way.
The combat scenes, in particular those towards the end of the film, are not paralyzed in most American films.
Whether Jackie wins or lose, it's really something to see ... and
It's often as funny as anything too.
And funny is the other that Jackie Chan is very, very good.
There is very little new in this film - Jackie winning fights, Jackie is wrong by a master, Jackie undergoing punishment or training ... These
Sauticks have all been seen before, in one of the dozens of Jackie films similar from the 1970s and the early 80s.
But they are still so hilarious.
Similarly, Jackie has a support cast _Great_, many of which were also in other first Jackie films, and they are often the source of great hilarity by themselves.
Which is really important about "Drunken Master", however, who inspired several copryats (including some with Jackie himself) and a suite fifteen years later, was the drunk kung-fu.
I am not sure whether or not it is a style of kung-fu, but the principle behind it is to imitate the bancal movements of a drunk to put the enemy to put the enemy into a false feeling of security ... and
This apparently helps if you are drunk while you do it.
True or not, I have to admit it, there is just something incredibly fun to look at a man who seems completely tasted to a group of surprised adversaries and to make it slim before achieving what is happening.
To think about it, maybe this element is what explains the success of this film on one of the other Jackie films ... It is
Not just martial arts, it's the kind of martial arts that makes you arrest and leave, "whoa ..."
On the negative side, the cinematography of this film is nothing special, the film stock is rather primitive, the plot is often rather slow and the subtitles are sometimes extremely difficult to read in the background.
 "As much with the wind", this is not the case.
However, if you like martial arts movies, or like what you have seen from Jackie Chan and you want to see more, give it.
It is much more "real" than Chuck Norris or Jean-Claude Van Damme.
You might very well love him.
Another interesting thing about "Drunken Master" has to do with its video availability in the United States.
 "Drunken Master" is the only Jackie Chan film at the start that I know that you can find in its original subtitles form in mailbox, in a gold box, in a gold box, for about $ 10).
There are many other first Jackie films around, but these are generally in a double form, pan and swept, i.e. import bands at the rental price instead of purchase.
Fortunately, the "drunken master", at least, is available in the aspect ratio in which he had to be seen, at a very affordable price.
If you like "Drunken Master", take a look at the many other Jackie Chan films that are there (even the doubles are not really _too_.
Nothing else, you can enjoy the choreography of martial arts while making fun of the dialogue).
I particularly recommend "Spiritual Kung Fu", "Half a Polaf of Kung Fu", the films "Hyena intrepid" and "Snake & Crane Arts of Shaolin".
In addition, the mainly unequaled suite, "Drunken Master II", will be released in theaters in the American exit a little later this year (although what his American liberation title will always be uncertain) and comes _Ghegly_ recommended by this reviser.
Also, for an interpretation quite different from the Wong character Fei-Hong (which is actually a popular figure of Chinese folklore), I was told to suggest the series "Once Upon a Time in China" with Jet Li (although I have not yet seen them personally).
If you choose to look at "Drunken Master", I really hope that you will appreciate it, and I hope it will start to open your eyes to the wonderful world of Asian cinema that is there.
Overall, I give this film one.