It is ironic that the best films in the history of cinema are invariably the cup of the original director of the film.
Films such as Aliens, The Abyss, The Wild Bunch, Blade Runner and Terminator 2 are all examples of the integrity of a filmmaker, later chopped or silent by the studio.
The advent of the DVD format provided a more accessible way to obtain these original cuts to the public and to provide film monsters like me the ability to become still rabid by the extension of these classic films.
The DVD version of the original international version of Luc Besson's masterpiece in 1995 The Professional, known as the whole world, is an excellent example of the way a good film can become a classic instantaneousas a director.
For years, I have heard of an "international" version available only in Laserdisc format, which has escaped me for years.
I even bought a laserdisc player from my uncle don for 100 dollars just to watch the cuts of certain directors - including on.
But after countless research in Laserdisc stores, I could never find it.
until now .
The film follows the story of the Sur, played by Jean Reno, a professional killer for a team from the Italian crowd led by Danny Aiello.
He lives next to a fiercely independent girl named Mathilda - played by the newcomer, Natalie Portman, whose father is involved in drugs and twisted cops.
One day, a team of cops - led by Gary Oldman in an exaggerated performance - kills his whole family while Mathilda buys grocery products.
Take pity on her, we hide her in her apartment when she comes back to save her life.
Mathilda learns the profession to hit on and decide to follow in the footsteps of one as a "cleaner".
She then falls in love with him and manages to rewrite emotions in the he continued to lock up in the context of his profession.
At this point, the differences in the American version and the international version really come into play.
The international version contains an additional 24 minutes of sequences which directly concern the relationship of the SA and Mathilda, images that American censors have deemed "too explicit".
I suppose that American censors believe that the definition of the development of the characters is too much for the American public to manage.
The best part of these additional images is that it gives a better understanding of the Mathilda and the motivations of the subsequent actions involving Oldman and its crew of bad cops.
There is even a previously invisible cameo of the great French actor Jean -Hugues Anglade - Star of Queen Margot, the Nikita woman of Besson and killing Zoe.
With these additional replaced scenes, the Matilda's relationship emotionally brings you closer to the film and establishes stronger links between the characters who were troubled in the American version.
The most ironic thing about the international version of the film is that with the inclusion of missing scenes, the film mainly becomes a heavy emotional drama punctuated by major action scenes at the beginning and at the end of the film.
The film Betters reflects the serious drama of French cinema but is laid off with pieces reflecting the brutality of American cinema.
My advice to everyone is to throw your copy of the professional, throw twenty dollars and take this newly restored cinematographic masterpiece.
Director / Writer: Luc Besson Producer: Luc Besson, Claude Besson with: Jean Reno, Natalie Portman, Gary Oldman, Danny Aiello