Located in the Far West, this transport race around the arrival of the Rumpo Kid (Sidney James) and its friends in Stodge City.
His questionable transactions and his summary shots aggravate the judge Burke (Kenneth Williams) so much as a judge that he asked for the Sheriff Albert Earp (Jon Pertwee) to hunt Rumori de la ville.
Instead, the Kid Rumpo draws dead sheriff.
Consequently, judge Burke sends a Marshall law to come and clean the city.
Due to a misunderstanding, an English health engineer called Marshall P.Knut (Jim Dale) is attributed, without knowing it, as the Marshall law for Stodge City.
He arrives at the same time as Annie Oakley (Angela Douglas) who seeks to take revenge on her father, the murder of the sheriff.
When Marshall arrives at Stodge City, he quickly became aware of the misunderstanding and because of his rather limited intellect, he is manipulated by the Rumpo Kid and always ends up.
In the end, there is a tête-à-tête between Rumpo and Marshall.
With the past experience of Rumpo, it seems that Marshall is out of his depth, but using his health skills and learning the ways of the West of Annie Oakley, he has at least a chance!
Sid James, with an American accent, is perfect as Kid Rumpo, a part that suits it to the ground.
Jim Dale provides one of his best performances as a stupid sanitary engineer, and Angela Douglas is very effective in her role as angering girl.
The other regulars that appear in this film include Charles Hawtrey and Bernard Bresslaw (in its beginnings) as Big Heap and Little Heap respectively.
Big Heap is the local Indian leader and the crazy cast of Hawtrey for this part is very fun, just like his performance: - He steals each scene in which he is even if he does not enter the film than thirty minutes.
Joan Sims provides useful and fun support as beautiful, the owner of the local bar who takes a fantasy for the Kid Rumpo.
However, the role of doc played by Peter Butterworth and the Sheriff Albert Earp played by Jon Pertwee are not really necessary, and the performance of Pertwee is rather mediocre.
Kenneth Williams uses a new voice but fights with the weak part of the "judge".
Despite this, this continuation was Sid James and Kenneth Williams Sid James.
A very different support film, in that it is played more seriously by the actors and has more realism than any other continuous.
The number of deaths is the highest of all postponement films.
The sets, the costumes and the action sequences are all very laudable.
The songs that are included in the film (the title song and Annie's song) are very impressive.
A strange but therefore very interesting racing film.
Not the best of its kind, but it is certainly the most distinctive film in the series.