Touchstone Pictures and Spyglass Entertainment presents a production of Birnbaum / Barber in association with a production of Jackie Chan Films Jackie Chan Owen Wilson "Shanghai Noon" Lucy Lui Music by Randy Edelman Co Producer Ned Dowd Jules Daly Executive Producer Jackie Chan and Solon So SolonSo produced by Roger Birnbaum Gary Barber and Jonathan Glickman written by Alfred Gough & Miles Millar directed by Tom Dey
PG-13 classified for gentle language, adult situations, drug use, the action of martial art and violence.
107 minutes.
Super 35 mm / Panavision (2. 35: 1)
What can you say about Jackie Chan who has not already been said.
Since the release of "Rumble in the Bronx" in 1996 (the release of the U. S.), Jackie has become a fairly recognizable commodity on the American video shelves.
Having made more than 80 films, Jackie finally managed to bring her style of action comedy in the West.
Its latest version, "Shanghai Noon", is a tribute / a joyful parody of the classic western.
And adding Jackie Chan in the genre, the slogan of the film ("The Western gets kicks in the pants") sounds true.
Jackie embodies Chon Wang, a lesser imperial guard in the prohibited city of China.
Princess Royal Pei Pei (Lucy Liu) should be married to the odious son of a nobleman from another prefecture.
Not wanting to follow the wishes of her father, Princess Pei Pei with the help of her tutor in English, decides to escape in America.
But it is a whole ploy designed by the exiled goalkeeper Lo Fong, which will lead to the abduction and ransom of the princess.
Unable to take legal action, ransom requests are satisfied and three of the bravest guards in the prohibited city (played by Cui Ya Hi, Rong Guang Yu and Eric Chen) are condemned to transport the payment of the ransom to loFong in Carson City, Nevada.
Chon Wang pleads with the Imperial Court and is authorized to join the team, because it is considered a buffoon.
On a train at the U.S.Jackie meets the Bandit Roy O'Bannon (Owen Wilson).
There is much less a bandit than it is a pork of glory, who seeks simple to notoriety and the reputation that being a bandit will bring him.
With his trailer gang, Roy tries to steal the train, when one of his gang assassinates the Chinese interpreter of the royal court, who also happens to be Chon Wang's uncle.
Chon Wang is pursuing, thwarting the flight attempt, but also being blocked in the desert.
While the disgrace guard wanders in the desert, he arrives again on Roy, who was left dead by his former gang.
Buried to his neck in the desert, Roy pleads with Chon to dig it.
Chon asks to know where Carson City is.
Roy directs him and Chon leaves.
But not before sticking two baguettes in Roy's mouth and telling him to dig.
Chon soon finds himself confronted with angry from Crow Warriors, a tribe of friendly Sioux, Gunslingers, a horse who thinks and behaves like an Indian dog and bride (Brandon Merrill), before running Roy again.
 "Shanghai Noon" is simply fun.
The chemistry between the casting is remarkable.
The performances are all acceptable in the fanciful levels of the film.
Jackie's performance is as good as everything he has done before.
He is not called to do a lot of acting here, because the character is not written with any depth.
But Jackie's natural charisma is reflected, and his comic timing is so perfect, both physically and (surprised) verbally that he controls the screen again each time he is.
Owen Wilson, seen for the last time in the embarrassing remake of "The Haunting", gives a good humor performance as Roy O'Bannon.
Its innocence is refreshing and fun.
A villain who is not really bad.
His scenes with Jackie are among the best pieces of comic duel from Martin and Lewis.
Lucy Liu as Princess Pei Pei does not have much to do in the script, but for a change does not play a nymphet or another Devian t.
The character is a noble woman of status and wealth, but finds a greater cause following her own imprisonment.
The other performances are all largely drawn comic performance.
Nothing here is realistic, be careful.
 "Shanghai Noon" is above all a light and jovial film.
And the performance easily corresponds to this style.
Dan Mindel's cinematography is magnificent.
Using Calgary, Alberta as a privileged location.
M .Mindel is able to create a lush romantic western feeling of the film.
Nothing here really looks like Nevada, but the locations are so beautifully shot and staged, the film can be considered a loving tribute to previous films of the genre.
And as such, the script of Alfred Gough and Miles Millar plays quickly and loose with history, but with a reverence to past films.
Tribute to films such as "High Noon" (obviously), "Red River" and especially "Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid" all bring a feeling of nostalgia to the film.
It is a comforting experience.
At a time when the West is considered an old hat or not relevant, here is a film that embraces these old attitudes and (dare I say) cliché? S and manages to make them pleasant and refreshing.
Here is a film that is not contemptuous like.
It is the purest "Horse Opera" since the time of George O'Brian or John Wayne.
Director Tom Dey paid a loving tribute to Hollywood's past.
In this, his first film MR.dey shows both a love of character and crafts that is refreshing to see.
Nothing here really stands out, nor diverts his attention from history or action.
And it's as it should be, when Jackie Chan is your star.
And what about action and waterfalls.
Well, although he is not up to "Drunken Master 2" or one of the Hong Kong films in Jackie, "Shanghai Noon" is previously kilometers ahead of everything Jackie hasMade in an American film.
His timing, his choreography and his creativity are always as clear as ever.
Jackie can even recreate some scenes from her previous films (obvious to those of us who have seen these films, but refreshing and fun for those who are not familiar).
Finally, Jackie can honestly say that he has made a U.S., his path and incorporating his style.
To summarize, "Shanghai Noon" is a fun summer making.
Not too heavy and not too light.
A fun and entertaining film that the whole family can appreciate (parents must be informed that there are scenes of smoking, intoxication and use of the Peyote).
A pleasant and charming film that can and will be appreciated again and again.