Vampire's films, as well as other horror films, are generally stupid and predictable B films, intended to frighten us by clichés and simple shocks.
It is therefore interesting to watch a recent film by Neil Jordans which is not only visually magnificent, but which also has a intrigue which is worth making films.
Based on Anne Rice's novel, "Interview with a vampire" is a long dark journey in hell.
The film opens with the Gothic and dark streets of the current San Francisco.
The camera slowly finds a special window.
A form of a young man is visible in darkness.
 "So you want me to tell you the story of my life?".
The mysterious man is Louis (Brad Pitt), a vampire of two centuries, telling his story to a fascinated interviewer (Christian Slater).
Its history opened Louisiana in 1791, just south of New Orleans, where Louis was the victim of the Lestat vampire (Tom Cruise).
Given the choice between death and eternal life as one of the living dead, Louis chooses the latter, a decision that he would regret forever.
An eternal life and an eternal youth, promised in Lestat, transform rather into endless suffering, damned to eternal hunger of blood and desire for peace.
Louis cannot kill with the impunity of Lestat, but, to ensure his hunger, he must eat, and the blood of animals is not enough.
Finally, he pierces the neck of a young girl struck with grief named Claudia (Kirsten Dunst), who then curses her impious form of resurrection so that she can be a substitution girl for himself and Louis.
For a while, they are a "great happy family".
But all things end, and the growing resentment of Claudia de Lestat feeds a bloody confrontation.
When Luis and Claudia stand out from Lestat, they go to Paris, where the Euro-Vamps Santiago (Stephen Rea) and Armand (Antonio Banderas), who presented them with a larger world of Damnés.
Director Neil Jordan ("The Crying Game") with the talented director of cinematography Philippe Rousselot and the composer Elliot Goldenthal has created an incredible atmosphere.
While the film begins, there is an incredible palette of colors, beautiful sun lusts, lush golden fields, green forests, blue ink clouds and mixing sun.
When Luis was "born in the dark", everything suddenly changes into black velvet, lit only by the silver moonlight.
The beautiful production design of Dante Ferretti, wonderful costumes and an artistic direction of Malcolm Middleton recreate the multiple historical periods of the film.
From the Renaissance of New Orleans and the Magnificent Rococo Paris from the 18th century to the present day.
The cast is also good, involving some of the most famous and most beautiful stars in Hollywood, Ireland and Spain.
The controversial cast of Tom Cruise as a Lestat is incredibly effective.
The cruise is energetic, sinister, charismatic, wild and bloodthirsty.
Cruise's bestat likes to seduce young women before allowing its dark red subsistence.
With alarming speed, the victims go from sexual excitement to outright horror, as his murderous objective becomes clear.
 "... Fortunately kill them, but do it.
You are what you are .. for
Do not doubt, you are a killer! "
This is how Lestat teaches Luis.
But behind this furious facade is the anger and the loneliness that it carries over the centuries and tries to choke with night outbreaks.
Brad Pitt is just as convincing as the "vampire with a human soul".
Antonio Banderas and Stephen Rea are effective, but as they play more or less secondary characters, their performance is almost invisible.
The biggest performance in the film is surprisingly from the young Kristen Dunst, who manages to create an incredibly emotional and credible character.
The world changes around the small child, but it does not.
It remains immutable - a child for eternity.
Only his wise and dark eyes reveal his age.
Ironically, the only film is S is the script.
Anne Rice's novel is a very interesting reading, and her script is rich, colorful and emotional, but it is also leveled and too melancholy, sometimes resembling a soap opera:
Claudia: "... should I do?
let you go ..
Father, my Luis, who made me ... Who will take care of me, my dark angel, when you left? "
Luis: "Everything will be fine."
Claudia: "Do you really believe that?"
And then they serve emotionally.
Moments like those displayed above and Luis' self-pity are a bit fasting.
However, Rice's script is also strong and well structured, lifting humor and comic episodes, which were more or less hidden in the book.
When Lestat finds the dead seamstress of Claudia, which she killed, he shouts: "Who will make you this dress now?
be a little practical .... never
in the House !"
Moments like it are both entertaining and attractive.
The management of Neil Jordan is beautiful and sensual because it plays with interesting problems such as eternity, homosexuality, love and loneliness.
His Gothic saga is not supposed to scare, but display these problems differently.
Wrapped in a mystery, its new original image brings vampire films to a new height.