Why do people hate Spice Girls?
 What did they do exactly, except maybe the fashion police?
 ? And if they are not "big" singers - they do not sing the opera, the folks, its pop music!
 Who is exactly a "big" singer?
Judging by this opening paragraph, it is obvious that I like the Spice Girls.
 ? They do what they do - doing catchy pieces - and they do it quite well.
 ? They are able to transport this to their first film, "Spice World".
 ? "Spice world" is certainly not a great experience of filming.
 .
 .
What are the Spice Girls: the pleasure, the songs and a lot of "Girl Power!"
Inspired by a certain number of different films (such as the "Hard Day's Night" of the Beatles, "Spice World" tells the week towards the first concert of girls to Albert Hall in London.
 ? They arrive at the tool around London on a large bus (driven by meat!) And generally have fun.
 ? In order to cross a begging of the intrigue in the film, there is an editor of evil tabloids played by Barry Humphries, better known to the Americans, for about 15 minutes, like Dame Edna (do you remember her?)
 ? He wants to sabotage the concert of girls so that he can sell papers.
Of course, the point in a film like "Spice World" is not the intrigue.
 ? The center of the film is The Spice Girls themselves: Ginger (Le Géri Haliwell recently left), Posh (Victoria Adams), Sporty (Melanie Chisolm), Scary (Melanie Brown) and Baby (Emma Bunton).
 Everyone has their own personality and, perhaps the best part of the film, seems to be honest with goodness, which cannot be said for many people in the films today.
For the journey, Richard E. Grarant as Manager, Clifford, and various other characters who make fast cameo appearances (including British Teriffic Actors like Richard Brieurs and Stephen Fry).
 ? And, from time to time, Roger Moore appears as a chef to bring out the strange Koans (additional bonus: it happens, in the words of Craig Kilborn, Dance, Dance, Dance.)
Watching this film was fun, most of them.
 ? There are a few slow segments, but too much, the director Bob Spiers continues to move at a quick pace, with a lot of Songs of Spice Girls hummable in the background.
 ? His camera work is quite pedestrian, although the final concert number is fairly well done with effective use of publishing.
 ?
The look of the film promotes great pleasure, the design of the Spicebus being quite original and catchy.
 ? Add music from Spice Girls Wall-to-Wall and this film is an adorable mess.
 ? If you don't like Spice Girls, you won't change this film with this film.
 ? But, if you find them at least tolerable, prepare to sit down and relax because the Spice Girls are there to entertain you.
 .
 .
And do it quite well.
 ?
 "Spice World" (1998).
 ? Directed by Bob Spires.
 ? Written by Kim Fuller.
 ? Music of the Spice Girls.
 ? With Geri Halliwell, Victoria Adams, Melanie Chisolm, Melanie Brown, Emma Bunton, Richard E. Grant, Claire Rushbrook, Roger Moore.
 Distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 ? Operating time: 92 minutes.
 ? Classified: pg.
 ? Available on personal video.
--- June 29, 1998