For example, in Happy Gilmore, Sandler embodies a recruited golfer trying to beat a self -jet of a pro.
If the star was another comic strip, it would be a sufficient motivation to drive the film, but with Sandler, the recruit also wants to win the prize to help his grandmother keep his house.
This additional pattern does not make Happy Gilmore a funnier film.
It doesn't really add authentic emotional depth either.
In fact, the pattern is almost completely out of the point for the film.
But Sandler's philosophy seems to be, if it is a symbolic gesture, why not make it a nice gesture?
It is constantly refreshing.
In the wedding singer, Sandler is just on the right track.
The fact that he is a wedding singer is only superficially relevant to history.
What kind of wedding singer it is even less important.
David Spade could have fulfilled the role of cynicism and sarcasm.
He could make fun of fatty, ugly or embarrassing people he meets during weddings, and history would be intact.
But Sandler rather brings mature kindness to the character.
He really seems to appreciate marriages and treats them as if they were his own family.
Robbie Hart (Sandler) does not only sing for weddings; he also asks the solitary to join us and have fun, and he smooths him when someone does something embarrassing.
He is exactly the man you would like at your wedding.
The day comes when Robbie has his own marriage, and he is lifted by his heavy metal bride (the film takes place in 1985).
Robbie takes all this.
He does not sleep, he does not eat and he is struck at work when he sings "love stinks" during a wedding.
Julia (Drew Barrymore), who serves all marriages in the city, gives her a shoulder on which cry and an ear to which to speak.
Finally, Robbie begins to bounce back to Julia.
He really likes her, but she is engaged.
His fianc? Is a fool sure of oneself (I see a trend - no, just a formula) that does not deserve it, but Robbie is too depressed to fight for his hand.
Julia also seems to love Robbie, but she cannot leave her Fianc apparently sure and stable? For the helmet that Robbie could be serious about her.
You know the story.
You have seen it a million times before.
There is always a new way of telling it, with new lovers, a new chemistry and new details, but it's the same story.
And sometimes it works.
The wedding singer works.
First, the chemistry between Sandler and Barrymore is effective.
In fact, it is not so much the chemistry between the two that it is the romantic tension of each.
Sandler captures the desperate sleepwalker look of a jilté man, struck with an inaccessible love.
Barrymore is charming as a girl next to someone serious with who to settle.
The sparks do not fly when they kiss, but they both seem correct for each other.
Second, their love is mature.
They are not motivated by passionate sexual attraction - they are a cute couple, but neither Sandler nor Barrymore are a central material.
Instead, they both look for someone significant, someone with whom to settle with, someone with whom to age.
During a marriage, Robbie comforts a child who vomits in a dumpster while Julia sits.
The repulsion situation is taken in stride, as if the two were already parents, taking care of their sick child.
The soundtrack and the references of the 80s play a big role in this film.
Other criticisms liked this film in part because of the original band of the 80s.
I liked it despite the soundtrack.
Often, music and references have felt forced.
For example, Robbie tells his ex-fiancée? To "get out of my van Halen t-shirt before you Jinx the group and they separate."
 (hahaha.
get it?
David Lee Roth left Van Halen!)
Or what would you say when Sammy (Allen Covert), Robbie's driver's friend, comes to a party with a Michael Jackson jacket and - get this - a single silver glove.
 (That's exactly what MJ wore all the time !).
Unfortunately, making fun of generalizations on a past era is too easy to be enriching.
This does not mean that the film is not funny.
The screenwriter Tim Herlihy has already written for Sandler (Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore), and the two make a good combination.
Herlihy knows what kind of Sandler jokes are good and adapted the script to his right and intelligent face style.
Hopefully Herlihy and Sandler stay together for some additional projects because this film really won me over.
With the charm of Barrymore and Sandler's heart, it was difficult to be wrong.