Errol Morris, Director acclaimed by the criticism of the 1997 Fast, Cheap and out of control documentary, jump to New Heights with MR.
the death .
This film, an examination of the life and work of the designer of controversial execution material and revisionist historian Fred A.leuchter, Jr., Is sure to draw the public from their discomfort, even surprising the most jaded minds among us.
Do not let the film cheese dissuade yourself.
Following this show of horror networks, we are quickly plunged into a non-stop exploration of strangeness that is the life and the spirit of Leuchter.
Morris follows the trace of Leuchter's madness with appalling lucidity, revealing in a surprising and frightening way what most of us could have guess: this Leuchter guy is seriously spoiled.
Practically high in the American penal system by a father who worked in prison walls, Leuchter seems to be a little naturally in his profession; to design and maintain execution equipment for state penitentiaries, despite his lack of references.
After a moderate successful career, making electric chairs and designing gas and gallows, Leuchter drew the attention of neonazi and revisionist historian Ernst Zundel, who faced criminal charges in Germany to havepublished his "theory" according to which the holocaust has never happened.
Morris' interviews are surprisingly sympathetic, attracting subjects to a carefree joke that gives them more than enough rope to hang themselves.
Zundel speaks to the camera as if it was his meterie.
Leuchter seems completely comfortable, sometimes jovial.
Part of this effect can be due to the new Morris interview machine, called a question, which is responsible for the creation of visual contacts between the subject and the interviewer.
It was the first time that Morris used the device and the results have been surprising.
Combine the irony of these interviews with the reconstructions of Leuchter and the frosty stock sequences of his trip to Auschwitz and Birkenau, not to mention a haunting clip by Thomas Edison Edison an elephant, and you have a convincing and disturbing documentary.
Although this film is not for the weak mind or the weak heart, it is a precious addition to the cultural landscape.
Aside from a few hungry minutes towards the end of the play, Morris gave us a new look at a dismal subject and I, for my part, improved by the experience.