I like films with Albert Brooks, and I really like the films made and written by Albert Brooks.
Lost in America and defend your life are two of my favorite comedies.
His humor is of a kind which is not very widespread in the films today, flooded that we are with films that revel in their objective to the lowest common denominator.
You will rarely see any Slapstick in an Albert Brooks film, while the dialogue will not be as oppressive as in some of the independent "discussion films" which find their way in theaters.
The situations in which its characters are found are those we can often identify, but even if we cannot, Brooks has the talent to make them comfortable, and therefore we laugh.
Adolescents and fans of Jim Carrey will probably not find a very funny Albert Brooks film, but people who are looking for more than we could find on television will probably do it.
In simple terms, Brooks' comedy is intelligent.
Mother is Albert Brooks' latest film, and that does not disappoint.
Brooks plays John Henderson, a science fiction writer of average age who has just left his second divorce.
He tries to go out together, but fails miserably.
He then dinner with his brother Jeff (Rob Morrow), a successful sports agent who seems to live the ideal life.
Jeff has a good job, a loving family, and above all, a warm relationship with their mother Béatrice (Debbie Reynolds).
After dinner, John witnesses a telephone conversation between Jeff and Béatrice, and is at the same time surprised and disgusting by the way in which the Hunky-Dory East dialog is.
In comparison, Béatrice always suggests John's fault and her career every time she speaks with him, and John returns it right away.
At the end of one of their conversations where Béatrice has just separated the life of John, she says: "I love you", and John replies: "I know you think you are doing."
The fact is that Béatrice is not manifest with her criticisms, but rather gives them in this maternal way which is equivalent to picking and loading of guilt.
It's the genre that says something like: "Yes, my dear, I think you do it wonderfully, but ..."
It seems that nothing of what he does makes her happy.
There is always the big but.
John believes that his mother is in a way linked to her failed relations with women, either because of his erroneous self-esteem caused by his need for validation, may be because he tends to unconsciously seek women whoremind him of his mother in an oedipal way.
He arrives at the conclusion that, as his problems are rooted in his childhood house, he should come back with his mother for a certain time just to see what types of feelings come out, and by that can settle why his life is lacomment C 'East.
 "A great experience," he calls him.
Brooks' own humor brand really shines in this film, especially in the interaction that John has with his mother.
There is a scene where John has just arrived with his mother's house, and after driving from Los Angeles to Sausalito, and having explained to his mother the "great experience", Béatrice asks: "Explain to me now why you do not stay inhotel. "
She still doesn't understand, and it's absolutely hilarious.
In the same scene, we have little looks on the life that her mother leads when she tries to feed her with food that is no longer fresh.
It apparently bought in large quantities and refrigerate until the lettuce is withered and the Sherbet is frozen.
When John underlines the ice on the Sherbet, Beatrice tells her not to worry about the protective frosting.
 "Have you named the ice?"
asks John.
He is also surprised by the variety of articles that Béatrice keeps in the refrigerator, like a block of twenty pounds of cheese.
 "The freezer was a good invention," explains John, "but it is not supposed to be used for everything.
This is why it is smaller than the refrigerator. "
This is something that most of us find strangely familiar. Brooks is also a master in the use of non -sequestrous.
For example, by defending your life, the characters of SES and Meryl Streep are in a comedy club having a discussion.
When they are finished and go out, Brooks cuts the comic strip on stage which is just to the point of delivering its punch line, "and therefore the moral is, if you have to fart, go out!"
You do not know what was the joke because you could not hear it throughout the scene, but I must have laughed for the next five minutes, it seemed so out of context.
In this film, Brooks uses the same tip several times to open or close a scene.
I don't want to give them, but just say that they work as well as in the past.
John's goal to stay with his mother is to learn, and we, as a public, learn with him.
Her mother is not of the fascinating type to start, but as John spends more time with her, we learn things about her personality and her lifestyle that give her depth.
Looking at the character of Béatrice taking place is just as pleasant as the humor that accompanies her at each stage of the path.
On the screen, Brooks does an excellent job by playing this kind of character: you have the impression that he often believes that he is the only person sensible in a crazy world.
In a way, he looks a lot like Yosarian from Catch-22, expect something attitude.
Breaking Debbie Reynolds like Beatrice is perfect.
She assumes the game with ease, moving even and speaking a little slowly, and is so adorable that it is difficult to get angry with her character.
This helps the public to share the frustration that John feels when he takes care of her.
As a first choice, Brooks originally wanted to attract Nancy Reagan with her acting retirement to play Beatrice, but the former actress and First Lady could not leave her husband, who was starting to show symptoms of the disease ofAlzheimer's.
It is perhaps as well, because Reynolds gives a sweetness to the character who improves him enormously.
Rob Morrow also does a good job to play the younger brother who has always been the mother's favorite and, despite all her success in her work and her family, is slowly exposed as a mom's boy.
The only things that prevent this film from being better are some intrigue holes.
A solid connection is not really established between John's problems and his reasons to live with his mother.
In addition, the final results of the experience do not necessarily browse the declared objectives, and although it may have been a sloppy scenario, how can you be crazy against the guy who also wrote this?:
Béatrice: You must think that I am a kind of moron.
John: No, I think your person who thinks I am a moron.
Béatrice: Well, you need one to know one.