It may seem weird to start a film on the glam rock with a sequence that includes a spacecraft, a green ovular pin and the birth of Oscar Wilde, but if we really got stretched, they can see thatBeing that these connections are not half out of words.
Wilde's philosophy was that everyone should be faithful to her own human nature, and the result of his follow -up of this philosophy was that he was imprisoned, losing his family and his career.
The glam rock movement in the early 1970s in England had a similar socket and reached a similar disappearance.
The main difference was to make up on their face and play on their deepest fantasies and their life surveys (mainly dealing with androgonia and sexuality), they have become less and less as they themselvesAnd more and more everyone.
And that is why the movement seemed to end as soon as it started.
It was said that "Velvet Goldmine" by Todd Haynes, the film that tells what it was to be part of the movement, not only of those who lived it, but by those who created it, flies a lotFrom "Citizen Kane," and that's true.
In the film, a British journalist in the 80s, Arthur Stuart (Christian Bale), is invited to go back and discover what happened to the star of the 70s rock, Brian Slade, a fictitious rock,Who simulated his own death on stage, bringing the end not only to his career but to the whole movement of Glamor rock.
Regarding the structure, it completely flies with "kane", not only of the configuration (he interviews three people, and the story is the result of their flashbacks), but in other things, like the beginning (death, then news), and smaller details, like the ex-bit bitter in a wheelchair and the ex-bitter fellow as a failed living room singer, found in a bar after the hours.
It is not a "kane", and it really does not aspire to be it: he does not try to be the deep perspective of something that has done "kane", and that does not really discover anythingpoignant on humanity.
Instead, he uses flashbacks as a form of contrast between magic which was the glam rock era and boredom which was life after glamor rock for those who were participants.
The scenes of the 80s are dry melancholic and delusional, equipped with a Bale performance which is perhaps appropriately and without commitment.
But the scenes of the 1970s are however engaging, not to mention drug addict.
They radiate with a magnificent cinematography which accentuates all the vibrant colors of the time, and a sensation which is so strangely light that when it is combined with the foot of then, they become not only a symbol of decadence, but whenEverything seemed so simple.
Instead of creating the world as it was, Haynes paints his own world as if it were a narcotic fairy tale: the Glamor Rock movement was full of so much freedom and liberation that after having lived it, everything else seems so commonplace.
There are no external people to say, isolated these people in a protection globe that will eventually crack.
Haynes concentrates its story on the history of Blade and the other fictitious rock hero, Curt Wild, and their relationship which created, shaped, then lowered the movement, reducing all the others who contributed to it as contributors.
Blade - played with reserve by the Jonathan Rhys Meyers - and wild - play - played with the anarchic nature of Ewan McGregor - are a little more than barely disguised recreations by David Bowie and Iggy Pop, respectively, with the creation of aCharacter of Stardust Ziggy named Maxwellwellwelldemon and the confirmation that the two rock stars may very well not only have been unique music partners, but also partners in bed.
Thanks to discussions with ex-manager Cecil (Michael Feast) of Slade, the ex-wife Mandy (Toni Collette, reinventing himself as an American blonde dish which simulates a British accent when it is with Slade), and finallyThe former Wild party, the journalist Stuart begins to than Made his own experiences at the time, as his discovery of his rebellious conformity, including the moment when he began to question his own sexuality (when he opens his first Slade record, he finds a naked and green Slade lying downOn a crimson blanket), and finally run away from his home to be part of the London scene, finally causing boring job in America.
Haynes demonstrates that he is completely a visual author, molding scenes that look like long healing breaths, such as a sequence apparently long juxtaposing a slade / wild concert on a brian eno blanket, "Baby's on Fire",With scenes from a decadent festival medication; and the most inspiring sequence of the film in the film, Wild's first concert scene with his group, The Ratttz, where McGregor lets lose so much anarchic steam that his Wild Iggy- movements-Esuqe (including undressing) and the cries that the film captures this perfectly where we discover a major talent, and another (Slade) discovers its inactive.
Even the brief clips, parody of Bowie, have a rare visual touch which is a pure camp and which would make Ken Russell drool.
The best sequence, however, can be the beginning, after the prelude, a sequence which acts as the common ground for both the real being of the movement and the post-movement era.
In this document, Stuart and his comrades go to the famous concert of Slade where he simulates his own death, where he kills his demon of the alter ego Maxwell in what seems to be a real asset, which caused the end of thetime in a swiftfausse ball.
With the famous "Needle in the Camel's Eye" by Brian Eno playing in the background, the scene has detached exhineration - the song does not seem to be played in the same way as the other songs are.
It has a difficult distance to put a finger, and it seems to represent that it all happens to a quick and sad end, and when you see Slade in the locker room before the show, hung a silver dress with blue and blue wings,Watching depressing the mirror, he presents himself as a not too obvious prophecy of the final at the start of the film.
This film is not so much on the plot, but more on the way it is presented, which makes this one of these films which is classified as "style on the substance", a declaration which encourages manycriticisms to line up for the attack.
However, for the most part, the engaging part of this film is not the story but rather the way in which Haynes creates this world, using its sets, its costumes, its cinematography and especially the music to play like characters of itsmovie.
Music is particularly notable.
The soundtrack, which is a wall on a wall, consists of pieces of Old School glam rock by tastes of Brian Eno, T-Rex and Roxy Music, as well as covers from the Slade group (with Thom Yorke voices, andSometimes Rhys Meyers himself), and even more recent music by thrilling to think that it sounds strangely as Bowie.
The cast is rather impressive, but no one really leaves with the film, and no performance is extremely good.
Although Eddie Izzard, as manager of Slade (who challenges the first manager of Slade to a match against his arms to see who takes control of his career) and Michael Feast as first and tragic director stands outconsiderably, and Collette and McGregor have their moments, Rhys Rhysmeyers and Bale are visibly inferior to speech, nor do not put much effort in their respective roles.
A part is at fault with the real construction of the film by Haynes.
Brian Slade of Rhys Meyers remains only a metaphor for the era of glam rock, dying when he turned into a retro-garbo, covering a life of a saltinger-IISC, and found in the mid-1970s, sniffingThe coke of the outdoor coke of a party.
In fact, no one in this film is really considered a person, rather than a symbol or a composite of a guy who prospered at the time.
The character of Bale is particularly UGH SELL: bitter and depressed by flashbacks to his young adulthood, he is not an extremely personal character, and his cliché experiences (being tracked down by guys from the record store for having bought a record published by a "POOF") Never help us communicate with him.
Nevertheless, Rhys Meyers and McGregor have the apologies that their characters are not really characters, but rather the results of an era that left them, and others, bitter, whose film works, because it is about'A major candy.
At the time of the age flower, they at least look at the role of fashionable leaders - Slade with his character of perpetually changing, and wild with her image with naked and unpredictable breasts, who compete and merge intoAn unstable union.
Their story - of the way Slade was so influenced by Wild that he adapted it in a similar attitude of the WHO crossed with the camp - is engaging, without the personal history.
The story of Stuart, however, is a more difficult sale because it is everyone, and when you cannot completely identify yourself with everyone, your story is slightly difficult.
As a piece of cultural rock, "Velvet Goldmine" is pretty good, but it's just good.
He never takes off completely, although he has moments when he steals absolutely, but goes down.
It's really nothing more than a lot of really great moments, surrounded by equipment that could really be much better.
The beginning is captivating but slow, the environment is fantastic, and the end is not only superficial but worse than that, it drags (the last half hour does not only bring history to a real conclusion, but it couldProbably stop at any questional).
And has anyone really understood what the mystery that Arthur is doing?
It almost seems that there was no moment in all the investigation other than to find the past, which is laudable but not completely.
However, he does what the photo of Oliver Stone "The Doors" did not do good, becoming very perceptive to what happened, using the visual style to hit most good notes of contrast betweenWhat made the time so great for those who lived this and why after having lived such a time that everything else seems half to half (I suppose that the message is: "Live life, but after having lived it, what else is the point where you will be forced to live with regrettable memories? ").
The really superb realization of this film is that during his flashbacks, he successfully creates for the public what he had to feel in the era, but with the additional advantage of knowing the result of everything that is happening.