In short: Best Dark Comedy Movie from Heathers.
Full of wonderful scales at fifteen minutes of reputation that feeds so much modern American pop culture.
Go see him!
So I prepared for this film by watching an interview in moving on "Hard Copy" with Pam Smart, the media teacher at New Hampshire who was found guilty of having designed the death of her husband in the 1980s.
 Diane Diamond of "Hard Copy" asked Smart what she thought of the fictitious representation of Nicole Kidman of her in the new film to die.
Smart replied that she thought that the character of Kidman had come like a stupid and vicious tramp and she thought that advertising generates that the new film could be injured in her last call from the Court.
 (Smart was sentenced and sentenced to perpetuity for her role in the murder of her husband.)
Smart has one point.
It would not be the first time that the public has taken the scripted and well -accomplished cinematographic version of an event as the absolute truth on the real duller and much less artistic version.
However, given the choice between the mass media "which take place" of the real event and the fictitious film, I would certainly opt for the last.
The real murderers rarely have a dialogue as full of mind as what Buck Henry wrote for this film and intelligent, although pretty and attractive, does not correspond to the cinematographic charms of Nicole Kidman.
To die for begins in a city called Little Hope, New Hampshire, the American suburban archetypal and intellectually sterile.
The story concerns the ambitious Stone Suzanne and how she attacks obstacles between her and her life ambition to be on television. '
Of course, one of these little obstacles turns out to be her dull and unusual husband Larry, played by Matt Dillon.
But, with a little imagination, charm and the raw sex appeal and a rather new approach to junior success, our heroine manages to overcome the non-living in her life, at least temporarily.
Kidman triumphs in the trash role of Suzanne.
I have never really been everything that loves this actress, but she shows a wonderful flair for comedy in this photo.
Her representation of the incredibly shallow and stupid female female female resonates.
Kidman knows a role of stars when she sees him and she plays Suzanne deprived of conscience like the ultimate and the post-feminist uber-tempbreuse of hell.
It is skillfully repressed by a wonderfully denied comic dialogue, which Kidman provides an unconsciously funny way.
At some point, Suzanne exposes her knowledge of world events to her future husband and sister-in-law.
 "You know," she said knowingly, "Gorbachev would always be the head of Russia or something else, if he had just made this ugly purplish thing withdrawn from his head."
Her husband radiates the deep knowledge of Suzanne on global policy and then proudly proclaims that it qualifies her to be the next Barbara Walters.
It is very close to pop culture denigrate paradise, friends.
The other remarkable performance of the film is delivered by Joaquin Phoenix.
He plays Jimmy, a burned teenager who becomes addicted to Suzanne's sexual favors.
The character of Kidman, Vapid, too, is a kind of successful beacon with Jimmy and his lost friends Russell and Lydia, depicted with victory by Casey Affleck and Alison Folland.
Phoenix looks like the very embodiment of Gen-X slackerhood (as envisaged by tabloid television, of course).
His Jimmy has dead eyes and the behavior of a child who knows that he is going nowhere.
Phoenix reacts to Sexy Suzanne with a kind of obsessed astonishment and he makes us believe that a losing character like Jimmy would be really ready to kill for someone like Suzanne, someone who really noticed her.
Gus Van Sant (Drugstore Cowboy, my own private management of Idaho) is of first order.
He continues to turn back on this thriller not quite by slamming.
Van Sant rightly keeps the center of this film on Amora The Suzanne and does not stop at proselytism on the correctness or the evil of her actions.
Van Sant trusts his equipment and trusts his audience to "get it" without stopping to explain what is funny in this American story.
The script, by Buck Henry, is absolutely great and includes some of the best lines of dark comics that I heard from Heathers.
Henry's story is an explosion against the superficiality of American media and the lack of mind of fame, but the scenario delivers this net message by focusing on a few characters.
Henry skillfully manages to avoid diluting his story by targeting too many targets and the result is a net and funny mini-classic.
Danny Elfman made the original music of this film and he issues another eccentric and completed partition that strongly echoes his themes for Edward Scissorhands.
One or the other of the film scores would make wonderful background music for the Halloween ignition celebrations.
Overall, a wonderful production is well worth your seven dollars!
To die for: an outing of Columbia Pictures produced by Gus Van Sant.
Written by Buck Henry Score of Danny Elfman with Nicole Kidman, Matt Dillon, Joachin Phoenix based on the book of Joyce Maynard.
Classified R - For the themes of language and mature.
 (Respect note R, not under 14) ----- Stars.
Go see him.