It is one of the funniest and most entertaining comedies of the year and it turns out that it is animated.
There are great comments on the most famous celebrities of Hollywood, a fabulous animation and a fascinating story.
This is the best we have seen from Disney since "Beauty and the Beast" (1996).
This film begins an unspecified period after the fortunately tested conclusion of Toy Story.
The day after their previous adventures, buzz (Voice of Tim Allen) and Woody (Voice of Tom Hanks) are now fast friends and all toys live in perfect harmony, are content with their "lives".
One day, Andy broke Woody's arm, while playing with him.
Woody is now officially disc and worthless, left with his nightmares, where he is in a trash can with other discharges.
Later, Andy's mother decides to have a garage sale, and she collects some elderly toys in her son's room.
Since one of these discharges is a member of the gang of moving toys, Woody goes to the rescue, leaving the safety of the house for the uncertainty of the lawn before in order to bring the toy back.
Although his mission is successful, he is placed in a serious situation when a toy collector named Al (Voice of Wayne Knight) spying Woody while hunting in the goods available during the sale.
The Cowboy toy represents the final collection necessary to complete its collection of goods from the old television series, "Woody's Roundup".
If he can acquire Woody, AL can send everything to a toy museum in Japan for enormous profit.
So, after Andy's mother refuses to sell the wooden cowboy, Al flies, and it is to other toys, led by Buzz, to go to the city to save their friend.
And so, Buzz, Rex (Wallace Shawn voice), Hamm (voice of John Ratzenberger), Mr.The potato (Don Rickles voice) and Slinky (Voice of Jim Varney), go out on a dangerous trip to save theirFriend, they find themselves faced with things like animated streets and other Buzz Lightyear toys.
There are car prosecution, firearms fighting and finally the confrontation between Buzz and its sworn enemy (which, by the way, looks like Dark Vader).
Meanwhile, Woody learns that he was once a television celebrity and has a family - a cowgirl named Jessie (voice of Joan Cusack), a horse named Bullseye, and a paternal figure called the prospector (Voice of Kelsey Grammar).
They offer him another life, as a celebrity - a toy in a museum in Japan.
He is now obliged to choose between being loved intensively by Andy for a little while (before growing up) and being forgotten, or being admired by children for generations.
The problem is that if Woody escapes from the claws of Al and returns home, they will find themselves in the lonely darkness of the storage.
A real effort is made in the technical service.
The animation is rich and colorful, with a lot of wonderful details. The "cinematography" is also extremely improved from Toy Story; there are a lot of swings, turns and complex close -ups that really make an impression.
Lighting and filters are used to create a mood (as in a surprisingly emotional moment - Jessie's memory of her days when she was a beloved toy), the film contains a lot of jokes in the side (like the one onVideo games), and entertainingParodies on "Jurassic Park" and "Star Wars".
The film ends with the "missed sockets", the kind of scenes that we are used to seeing after comedy on television shows.
These releases are one of the funniest scenes in the film.
But what does at the end made of "Toy Story 2" a memorable experience is not jokes, its multiple parodies or a wonderful animation.
It is his heart and his emotions - history on the meaning of friendship, love and even life itself.
It is not difficult to predict that "Toy Story 2" would be a huge economic success, but its artistic success was unexpected.
unexpected because the first film was not much more than a demonstration of special effects .
But above all, it was unexpected because Disney has produced nothing spectacular for years and has been constantly overwhelmed by companies such as DreamWorks and Warner BRS.
But here, the director has changed the atmosphere of the film, which makes him more accessible and interesting for people who are 9 years old.
This is a large stage of the old Disney-Animation laws.
Outside sure, it is not "Antz", it is not as intelligent; it is not a benchmark and no masterpiece, but I promise that you will find it as funny and pleasant asMe.
Whether it's the best animated film of the year, I dare not say.
My choice would probably be "The Iron Giant", but (alongside "American Pie"), it's the comedy of the year.
I almost lost my hopes for Disney, but "Toy Story 2" proves that Disney has not lost their ability to entertain.