Sometimes I find dramas of British costumes from the 19th century a little difficult to understand.
It is not time or distance, it is the rules and conventions of a social class that deserves resentment rather than sympathy.
However, in a way, the films are all well made and I am always taken in history.
The wings of the dove correspond to the pattern.
Kate (Helena Bonham Carter) and Merton (Linus Roache) are in love.
Merton, a newspaper writer, would like to marry Kate.
But Kate's "work", if you want, is to be a member of the British upper class.
Her father lost all the money from her family, but a rich aunt agreed to take care of her until she married a nice rich man.
Naturally, the wages of a newspaper editor do not count as "rich".
Kate drives him, but she always ends up giving her cold shoulder, finally because he is not marble.
Kate Millie's American friend (Alison Elliot) stops for a visit to Venice.
During a party, Millie sees Merton and likes what she sees.
Kate realizes that if Merton was presented in Millie, he could forget it.
It seems that she tries to save him from the sorrow of their inevitable rupture.
Merton sees what Kate does and he looks like it.
He is always in love with Kate and will not accept any substitute.
The three of them, as well as a fourth friend (Elizabeth McGovern) find themselves on vacation in Venice Ensemble, where their interactions are quite complicated.
Let's assume: Millie fell for Merton.
Merton has no feeling for Millie because he is still in love with Kate.
Kate loves her but cannot marry him, so on the one hand, she tries to match him with someone who will make him happy, but on the other hand, she is jealous as a couple.
A clear solution comes to Kate when she realizes that Millie is very sick - in fact.
At this point, she decides that Merton should marry Millie until her death.
Millie will leave her money to Merton, who will then be rich enough to marry Kate.
She makes Merton known to Merton and, as he will help him to win Kate, he reluctantly agrees.
Kate leaves Venice so that the two m can be alone together.
Merton finds that pretending to love Millie is a bit like loving her.
He is not sure that he can separate both.
Kate notes that she is not so sure that she really wants her Merton to fall in love and marries someone else.
The brilliant scheme is painful for all those involved.
Without revealing the details, just say that the situation ends badly.
The title refers to the subject of the vain hope of Merton that something could raise it from his situation.
We end up with feelings of regret and despair.
What started as a promising relationship was damaged by greed, anger and jealousy.
An interesting thought struck me after the end of the film, and it is that the wings of the dove almost correspond to the scenario line of a black film.
A couple conspires to deceive someone with their money so that they can live happily forever.
Their involvement in deception makes each less attractive for the other, and after a few things that are mistaken, the idea seems to be a terrible error of realization of life.
I would not call the wings of the dove a black film, but the comparison is interesting.
As I recognized before, I am not a wonderful judge to act, but I liked the performances of Roache and Elliot.
Roache managed to transmit the ambivalence of his character towards Millie: towards the end, he hugs her in his arms, first looking in space, as if he thought of his plan with Kate, then abandoned this to kissfully Millie.
The part of Millie did not require so much significance, but Elliot gave her the necessary sparkling personality which made her irresistible.
I will probably put the wings of the dove in the same corner with a low traffic in my mind as meaning, sensitivity and persuasion.
Their parameters are far away From my personal experience - geographically, historically and socially.
However, the films are well made and the stories inevitably win me.