Following the success of Brit Humor in the film industry with tastes of The Semi-Dramatic The Commitments and the Almost Slapstick A fish called Wanda, the complete monty is a film that delivered the depth of the first and the extent of thehumor of the second.
The film opens with a documentary reel told showing the improvement of Sheffield's economic and life levels in the 1960s, then cut to the harsh reality of the present.
Sheffield has become a kind of semi-slum with the only visible increase in all that was the quantity of factory layoffs in steel; an former flourishing industry.
Gaz (Carlyle) spends most of its time in the workers' club, a kind of place where unemployed people are seated to wait for job offers.
He and his friend "Dodus" Dave (Addy) as well as their former foreman Gerald (Wilkinson) have been sitting around the club for months without "call to duty".
What apparently was just a time that Gaz suddenly turned into despair when he cannot afford the 700 pounds of child support for his ex-wife.
Suddenly, finding himself faced with the possibility of losing custody of his son, he continues to concoct an entrepreneurial wild idea to obtain the money he desperately needed.
Dave and Gerald also have problems.
In addition to his lack of use, Dave is also faced with the paranoia of his wife who leaves him because of his current financial state as well as his "influx" appearance while Gerald deceived his wife by not talking to himHis layoff for since 6 months, leaving the house to "work" when he was actually a longtime member of the Worker's Club.
There, we have it; people with real problems and a solution not so practical for them.
Gaz manages to obtain the support from their part and of course, they managed to obtain some other poor guys unemployed to join their gag: to perform a tape act with local advertising.
According to the own gas words while looking at an addition for an act of strip-sort with "beautiful" Hunky men, "if women are ready to pay for this, they will also pay for real men".
The complete monty is very simple in nature and is not at all ambitious.
It is a short film that explores the harshness of unemployment and the despair to which he pushes people.
It is also a very light film to watch despite the theme in which he explores because he has a lot of human factor.
Never for once, he was trying to be manipulative at all, full Monty was faithful to himself.
While the level of hilarity of this film has unexpectedly climbed, the public will find that they are in no way deceived to laugh, something that is missing in many comedy films (Wannabes?) Of Hollywood.
Apart from Carlyle, who acted as the psychotic Begbie in Trainspotting, the rest of the actors was definitely very new for me on the screen.
However, the game presented in this film is more than satisfactory.
Carlyle's work here is a striking contrast with his character in Trainspotting, which implies a real actor competence and flexibility on the screen.
Congratulations to the people involved in this film, in particular the director Peter Cattaneo for having been able to set up an excellent film which has so much potential to find yourself that your other.
Already a critical and financial success for such a small film, The Full Monty is a humble film that deserves applause throughout.
While Titanic managed to delight his eyes and the soul in an epic way, the full monty gives the same satisfaction ??. In in
half of the time.