My movieRicique.com
Colleague Norm Schrager nailed session 9, Brad Anderson's return to frightening horror films of the 1970s.
This worked as a strange tribute without being self-referential or sufficient postmodern.
Gender aficionados will recognize the similarities of Ton with The Shining of the Dead by Stanley Kubrick and George Romero without being removed from the captivating story (that is to say a psychologically suitable waste management team,).
In a double strings for 2001, Anderson shoots and (above all) again scores with his eclectic riff on time travel episodes in the Twilight zone, entitled Happy Accidents.
Like session 9, the cards are played very close to the vest here.
Does Boyish, eccentric, "Sam Deed de Dubuque, is Iowa" a futuristic journey of the year 2470 or simply your psychologically disturbed psychological breakage in the current streets of New York?
As played by the actor of a marvelous character Vincent of Onofrio (Full Metal metal jacket), he is in the air, whether or not we accept his detailed monologues on life after the polar ice caps have melted.
The question turns out to be theoretical, at least for a while.
Even if everything turns out to be a creative illusion, we agree with the character's judgment transmitted by her new girlfriend, Ruby (Marisa Tomei): "It's a monster, but he certainly tells a good story!"
Névrotic Ruby thinks that she may have found true love after a series of nightmare dating disasters (the drug addict, the fetishist, the artist, the French, etc.), but I don't know how to manage "SamDeed "When he begins to explain the barcode on his arm, his false identity elaborated, his pathological fear of dogs, his ability to speak five different languages and his mission to change a crucial moment which can have ramifications on the alternative realities of the alternative realities oftime.
 (Do not ask.)
It's a little too much to take.
The close friend of Ruby, Gretchen (because there cannot have a love story without the friend of tokens, although Nadia Dajani invests the ungrateful role with the heat) pursues her as a sexy role play, butHer cautious therapist (Holland Taylor) warns her of co-dependence again evokes her ugly head and she is above her head with another sentenced relationship.
Who are you going to believe?
Although she wins an Oscars, Marisa Tomei has always struck me like a boring and unwelcome screen, which undermines the pleasure of looking at happy accidents.
His new attitude of copper stick never really takes care of his desperate desire to appear "cute" to his worshipers.
Being noisy and flashing a smile (dishonest) does not necessarily equivalent "substantial and sexy".
It takes more than a team of hair and wardrobe to impregnate it with personality.
Then there is this cursed voice, which strives to be so adorable.
Listen, this thing is purely subjective.
Some people feel this about Richard Gere, others cannot bear to look at the hyperactive schtick of Robin Williams.
For my money, it's M.Tomei with a ball.
Happy Accidents is a romantic comedy filtered through twelve monkeys (or, more appropriately, the Jenee of Chris Marker, in particular with the still framed "memory" photographs that Anderson uses as a stylistic device everywhere).
Modern Manhattan is filmed with one eye on another world and vaguely extraterrestrial with a palette of colors that strangely recalls Logan's race.
As a foreigner in a strange country, onofrio walks slightly outside, wonderfully affable but often impenetrable with its capricious expressions and its perplexed detachment.
It is the science fiction told mainly by the power of suggestion (although it often falls into the science fiction trap of having an entirely forced exhibition entirely-we want acts, not words!)
At least twenty minutes too much, happy accidents end up being in a race - Time scenario that puts "Sam Deed" with the ultimate test.
No film can live in ambiguity forever, but Anderson seems terminal unable to provide satisfactory conclusions to its recently structured recent stories.
 (Let us pretend that the repugnant and predictable Wonderland has never happened, isn't it?)
There are also slow and repetitive stretches while Ruby and Sam go over and over the same arguments to find out whether crazy or not.
The premise is strong enough to maintain interest, but it is enough to launch a sign of the general direction of Rod Serling to finish his ideas in half-hour time slots, including advertisements.