Larry Flynt is a self -proclaimed pedlar and the owner / publisher of the Hustler publication company of several million dollars.
People vs.larry Flynt is the story of Larry Flynt's fight for the freedom to circulate and sell its pornographic magazine, Hustler.
Based on a true story, the film is almost a documentary in that it is a very lively and detailed look at the life of Larry Flynt.
Woody Harrelson gives an excellent performance.
It transmits the peculiarities of Flynt and its character with depth and concentration.
At the end of the film, the public is in fact, a little reluctantly, loving Larry Flynt.
This is a feat given the apparent lack of flynt of all morals or ethical and its extremely flirtatious and childish behavior in court.
However, Flynt has a number of things for him, he is rich, he is funny, and above all, he says exactly what he means.
Larry Flynt's wife, Althea Leason is played by Courtney Love.
Larry meets Althea in one of her clubs, and they fall in love (a very sexual and open love).
The two engage in a world of too much sex, and possibly too many drugs.
Flynt had taken an excessive amount of pain relievers after being paralyzed the size down (which was particularly overwhelming for him) by an assassin.
Althea had joined him to take the drugs.
After an operation, Flynt decides to stop taking drugs, Althea has no such plans, nor the determination to follow them.
As the film progresses, we see it becoming more and more fragile and sick.
Courtney Love obviously has a great understanding of the situation of Althea, because it is brilliant in the representation of Althea in all respects.
It's extremely sad to watch Althea literally withdraw.
Edward Norton plays Flynt's lawyer, Alan Isaacman.
Again, it is a solid performance.
The public finds it easy to sympathize with Isaacman who sort of puts with the antics of the Flynt courtroom.
Flynt is not only childish in the courtroom, but downright rude with the judges, and ends in many problems (and even in a psychiatric establishment) because of this.
Isaacman is very easy to love and is very good to prove (quite intelligently) his index in the court.
Milos Forman did an excellent job to direct people vs.larry flynt.
It is not really an exciting or exciting film, but rather a very interesting representation of a true story.
Due to the character of Larry, it is also, sometimes, a very funny film.
However, it is much more than that.
This is the struggle for freedom of expression, anti-censorship and the right to be able to choose for yourself what to see and buy.
An excellent look at Flynt, his life and his story.
Keep an eye on the real Larry Flynt which makes a cameo as a judge Morrissey.