"The Blair Witch Project" was perhaps unique, a unique film that completely played its merit, managing to scare even the most experienced horror fans of their senses.
His success made an inevitable sequel, but it is not the continuation, I suspect, whoever wanted a lot.
After the release of "The Blair Witch Project", tourists practically invaded the small town of Burkettsville, in order to have an overview of the witch Blair.
The inhabitants transformed this mass hysteria into an excellent commercial opportunity, selling sculptures, stones and dirt like those in the film, and the local sheriff exasperated patrol in the woods with a megaphone, shouting: "Get out of these woods andgo home!
There is no fucking witch Blair! ".
Jeff () is one of those people, who used the sudden popularity of the small town to its advantage.
After being released from the psychiatric establishment, he created a mobile company that attracts thousands of customers via the Internet.
At the start of the film, he led one of these groups in the woods, on the "Blair Witch Hunt".
Among the five foreigners are Stephen and his girlfriend, the sad pregnant, who writes a book on hysteria caused by the film entitled "The Blair Witch: History Or Hysteria?", And Kim, who dresses in black andhas psychic powers.
The latest member of the crew is Erica, a young soucuer sorcière, who constantly quotes the Wiccan tradition, saying that "the first rule of the Wicca is, do not hurt, because everything you do will come backtriple."
This strange group plunges into the woods, where they start to discuss their different approaches to experience.
The very first evening that they decide to go under the stars in the middle of the ruins of the abandoned house of Parr, strange things begin to happen.
When they wake up, their equipment has disappeared and only the bands remain.
After a while, they discover strange marks on their bodies.
They are sort of lost in time, because it loops uncontrollable in both directions.
They are all haunted by horrible hallucinations and nightmares and soon they cannot see the difference between dreams and reality.
The only thing they are sure is that they brought something or someone with them woods.
Documentary director Joe Berlinger ("Paradice Lost") Helms "Blair Witch 2", leaving the creators of the first film (Dan Myrick and Ed Sanches) in the background.
The opening scenes - The documentary showing the city dwellers affected by the first film - is a more promising approach, because instead of trying to cover a similar terrain, it comes out of the first film and makes its own position.
But soon, the film is confused and diverted by its own story, which is never resolved and ends with a very anticlimaxic epilogue.
In a way, it is a typical Hollywood suite.
More money has been spent and more people have worked on a project that has been doomed to failure.
The horror and suspense of the original could simply not be repeated.
Of course, in these situations, the quantity is greater than quality and profit is more important than artistic values.
From its opening scenes when the camera graciously breaded the bloody red forest, with the musical partition of Carter Burwell ("John Malkovich" and "Fargo") in the background, you realize thatException of his title, this film has absolutely to do with "The Blair Witch Project".
 "Blair Witch."
was filmed by portable videocams and a NFEATURED game which was mainly based on improvisation.
In the following, the technical aspect of the film is close to perfection, creating a completely different atmosphere.
With its graceful cinematography, its production design and its flashy editing, the film has a very polite look, which is impossible to associate with the first episode.
And although Berlinger directs his film with energy and a rhythm The hat means that adrenaline rushes into the body a few times, it obviously misunderstood the nature of its predecessor.
The key is simplicity.
 "Blair Witch Project" had a story that was incredibly simple.
This allowed the public to fill the gaps in our own imagination.
The film was practically an empty screen, on which we screened our most frightening nightmares.
The effect was incredibly powerful, sustainable and as a starter, but in a different way.
 "Book of Shadows" feels incredibly controlled and limited.
Here, very few is left to our imagination and the story is so complex and "intelligent" that the writers are the first to get lost.
There is no shadow book and no conclusion that we can be satisfied.
It is simply a less artistic film that does not have the talent and originality of its predecessor.
He uses fancy cinematography and special effects to create the right effect and does not always succeed.
But above all: he stands on his own field and has almost no connection with the first film, which does not allow him to destroy the original.
In the end, I cannot call it a bad effort.
It's less artistic, not so frightening and less original, but certainly not bad.
It's just different.
In fact, if you have not seen "The Blair Witch Project", you might like this film for what it is - a cross between "The Blair Witch Project" and the "Scream" films.
The only element that remains constant and similar between the two films is solid action (Jeffrey Donovan and Tristine Skyler should be mentioned) and an incredible feeling of surrealism.
But it is a public notoriety and an experience which, with a few exceptions, each series of films is worse than the original and some are not even worth it.
For me, the story of "The Blair Witch Project" seemed to be over, but there is obviously no limit to commercial success that "The Book of Shadows" is certainly assured.
And it's already time to expect "Blair Witch 3".