The woman of the rich man is one of these films like the final analysis or the body body, where the story and the characters are so unidimensional and artificial that you know that you should not take advantage of.
But in one way or another, the film tries so hard that you start to forgive it and get into things.
Not that it is bad, it's just that it was done before; and better, in my opinion.
I realize that it will seem pretty bizarre, but it is probably the best analogy that I can find at the moment; you know how when you see a spider or something in your toilet, striving to go out, and insteadJust empty it, you end up rooted for the little guy?
This is essentially what I felt about this film.
I mean, it's not very good, but it's not completely bad either.
The title wife is Josie Pottaza (well played by Halle Berry).
She is married to Tony (Christopher McDonald ... You
Know, the guy who looks like Joe Piscapo), a truly stressed businessman who drinks a lot and does not give Josie the attention she deserves ( * cough, cough *).
Thus, she is taken in the arms of another man, Jake Golden (Clive Owen).
Towards the start of the film, Josie decides to try to work with Tony by throwing Jake and starting from the holidays in a distant cabin in the woods.
Once there, however, Tony must leave almost immediately because of the details of the company (I still do not know in what line of work it is).
So much the best of his situation, Josie stays there and begins to go around in local bars.
One night, she meets a stranger named Cole (Peter Greene, finally obtaining a role of meat).
They dine together, and finally, Josie and the public begin to realize that Cole is homicide.
After learning that she is not married, Cole offers to "pay attention" to the problem.
Speaking of escaping the psychotic maniac, Josie returns home and begins a reconciliation with her distant and very rich husband.
But one night, Cole comes ...
And this is where the pleasure begins.
From this moment, it will be a feast of cliché without restraint, tearing each film from foreigners on a train with usual suspects.
This is why most criticisms traveled this film when it was released.
And for the most part, they are right; the woman of the rich man does not have an original bone in his body.
But who cares?
If you are looking for a good stupid suspense movie, you can't do much better than that.
And if you suspend the buffs are not already sold, he also has an end killer.