At first glance, daylight would look like your typical disaster film.
At a second glance, it also looks like.
Although, as the typical disaster films leave, daylight is not so bad.
Admittedly, he seems to rip up a large part of his conspiracy devices from disaster films for past days (think of Poseidon Adventure).
But the decent dialogue and the surprisingly good game compensate "Have I not seen this scene somewhere before?"
The feeling that slips too often during the film.
Sylvester Stallone embodies the recently dismissed chief of the New York emergency intervention team.
By pure luck, it is in the right place at the right time when the disaster strikes the unconscious inhabitants of this little film.
 "What disaster is it?"
You ask, while you get closer and closer to the edge of your seat.
Happy you have asked.
Thanks to a whole sequence of completely probable events (about as probable as to knock on the lottery), a large explosion takes place in the Lincoln tunnel under the Hudson river in New York.
The explosion leads to the collapse of the tunnel at both ends, which causes not only a massive loss of life, but trapped a dozen people inside the wreck of the tunnel.
The good old Sly, who is only to enter the tunnel when he collapses, offers his services to rescuers, who accept it with pleasure.
Sly then enters the tunnel through a ventilation tree (think of the Dredd judge) in which he can only penetrate, and not, and proceeds to try to save those trapped inside.
So begins the pleasure, but the pleasure must be fast, because this tunnel began to resuscitate a leak.
The game concerns what you expect from a Stallone film.
Not superb in no case, but well above some of his other films (think again of Judge Dredd).
The daylight game is probably average, or a little above, in terms of this type of genre, with this particular star.
Amy Brenneman is the only actor of any note, and she does a very good job as a reluctant help from Stallone.
Oh yeah, the real son of Stallone, wise, is there too.
Sage - Beautiful name.
I guess it could be worse, it could have been named a nutmeg or parsley.
Note to Sage - You are still young.
Go to school and get a good education - you have no future to act.
The plot works in the same direction as the game - interesting, but predictable.
Especially due to the fact that it was quite recycled from a dozen other action films.
The biggest problem with a film of this nature is that they try to pile up too much in the film.
As soon as the cast erases an apparently impossible obstacle, another seems to appear, even worse than the last.
I realize that it would not really be a film, but it makes the film a little predictable.
Adding to predictability is the distribution of characters, which, of course, must include at least one or two difficult people who want to do things and think that the qualified guy (in this case Stallone) does not know what heEast.
Why is it in films in the event of a disaster that we can never have everyone agree and that everyone works together?
Would it be too much to ask?
Can't we all hear ourselves?
The special effects were not bad - but I certainly saw better.
Certain scenes, although binding to watch, were so blatant scams that you should ask yourself if the scripts of old films were just copied verbatim.
Above all, all the scenes that involved something underwater (the tunnel, of course, begins to flood).
I really expected that Gene Hackman, Roddy McDowell and Ernest Borgnine appear at any minute - I did not know if I looked at daylight or the adventure of Poseidon.
I guess if you have to scam a film for good ideas, Poseidon's adventure is good to use.
The underwater sequences (apart from the already seen) were very well turned and operated quite well.
They were the best part of the film by a long -term shot.
Better than the average Stallone Flick. I realize that it does not say much when the man judges Dredd on his curriculum vitae.
But certainly not up to Cliffhanger standards.
Daylight is a fun film, and as long as you don't expect much, you might even be pleasantly surprised.