Linda Fiorentino has disappeared from the radar after a tour rightly announced in the photo of the cable the last seduction, and that it is interpreted as the dogma head is simply inexplicable.
She is still in good shape as Bethany, a worker from the abortion clinic who has lost her faith.
One night, a sky visitor makes an ardent entrance to Bethany's room.
He is Metatron (Alan Rickman), the voice of God, and he needs his help: she must prevent two fallen angels from entering a New Jersey church - the fate of the universe depends on it.
God would do him himself, but he / she is ... missing, having taken a human form somewhere on earth so as never to be heard again.
Bethany is joined during his road trip to the Garden State by the "Prophets" Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Kevin Smith, doing in double-service), the Slacker mestrels who have appeared so far in all filmsof Smith.
At one point, Rock falls bare from the sky as Rufus, the "thirteenth apostle" undocumented (and very black), and offers its help, just like the divine serendipity stripper (Salma Hayek).
It is a wild ride.
They are in pursuit of Loki and Bartleby (Damon and Affleck, respectively, it is probably the clearest that ever has ever been), which was banished from the sky to Wisconsin and who discovered a dogmatic flaw that will allow their return.
Loki decides to wreak havoc along the way with the knowledge that her sins will be absolved the pearly doors.
At one point, he terrorizes a conference room full of costumes with a combination of angry words and bullets.
It is a unpleasant and guilty small scene that requires: "To what extent are you corrupt?".
Wings of desire is not.
Since its inception with the clerks, Smith has grown up as director, in particular in terms of work with actors.
 (Chris Rock is the only jokes of the weak link in this film, he is made of wood.)
His visual style without frills has not changed much over the years, however (the wide screen compositions of Dogma have at least successful assignments), any more than his writing characters are still not sitting to pronounceA caustic and hilarious discourse after the other.
Dogma takes away the major religious problems, namely hypocrisy that accompanies any organized system of beliefs and with articulation, but some of the monologues are too like a blatant exhibition.
In addition, the verbal introduction of each new person seems to take an eternity.
Any film with this much heavier conversation would find it difficult to maintain the momentum (Hurlybourly, anyone?), And finally the rhythm of Dogma relaxes.
A long rant of Bartleby at the end of the match, in which he deplores the fate of celestial beings, arrives at a time when we heard enough.
Because his change of heart (Bartleby is initially the good cop of Loki evil) leads the highlight, says that Rant has a lot of screen time.
Of course, Affleck deserved a big moment (Damon steals their scenes before), but that ultimately makes the film and feeling inflated.
Like Tarantino, Smith was a video age sponge which became a filmmaker independent of the sample.
Dogma makes a tribute to an eclectic batch of films, notably Indiana Jones and the last crusade, with Silent Bob making its best Harrison Ford, and a shitty demon attacks our heroes!
Smith also has a brand of kitchen sink humor: its dextering maneuver between the satirical (a cardinal played by George CARLIN tries to set up an advertising campaign with the slogan "Catholicism WOW!") And the scatalogical guarantees that no loveComedy will not leave Dogmas to feel badly nourished.
I implement (Ed?) An intestine on several occasions.
The procedures are also going well with the opening with the funniest non-liability clause of all time.
It is a warning little to make the demonstrators at ease, because to read it, it is actually necessary to see Dogma.
The prereasy Ballyhoo is in the tradition of the last temptation of Christ, the adaptation of Martin Scorsese in 1988 From the controversial novel of Nikos Kazantzakis, in that it is not directly linked to the content of the image but to rumors and heresy.
There is a famous anecdote about the director of Fletch, Michael Ritchie, inviting pickers of the last temptation of Christ in a projection on his penny, just to know with certainty against what they rallied.
 (None of them had looked at him.)
Each person refused.
Smith and Scorsese have a lot in common, just like the two films in question, because Bethany and Jesus of Smith Scorsese are hollow shells without their faith.
In fact, Dogma's outcome (which follows an exciting test of force which is worth waiting) is a Catholic love, a real recruitment poster.
 (I felt sentimental about a religion to which I did not belong.
Now it is a powerful cinema.) Smith is nothing but sincere on his own devotion to God, and this spirituality crosses.
It is enough to make me forgive Dogme for his editorial sins.
My religion is films.
When the Catholic League beats dogma for imaginary crimes against a doctrine, in a roundabout, they attack what I live: freedom of expression through the celluloid.
So I think that, although I am not the Bible-That Bumper, I am at least as qualified to criticize Dogma as William Donohue and his supporters.