Adventure of Swashbuckling which can be appreciated by children and adults.
Steven Spielberg may not have achieved (he only produced) but his touch is certainly obvious in this film.
And he knows a winner of money when he sees one.
Zorro's mask has the characteristics of a blockbuster: a great action, a funny comedy and the rhythm of a roller coaster.
Hopkins plays Don Diego de la Vega, otherwise known as Zorro.
Fighter for the people, he is finally captured by Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson), who, involuntarily, kills his wife.
The film goes to twenty years later, where Vega still wants Monto Dead.
However, he is far too old now, and trains the thief Alejandro Murrieta (Banderas) to become the new Zorro.
Banderas Pattern?
To avenge the death of his brother, who was killed in the hands of Captain Love (Matthew Letscher) who keeps his head with taste in a pot, in one of the most graphic scenes of this family film.
With the stage set, the film takes place in its own right, with sword fights and a large and full of liners.
Banderas and Hopkins have a wonderful chemistry like the two Zorro, playing easily.
Hopkins seems to go out a little better, but Banderas does a great job.
As bad guys, Wilson and Letscher seem unidimensional, but they go through the bad shtick in an above way.
The public hates them, which cannot be bad.
Catherine Zeta-Jones also appears as Hopkins' daughter, and although she hardly offers the usual female track, she offers charming performance, but a note.
Chemistry is excellent between Banderas and Jones.
There is a delicious little scene where Banderas and Jones are fighting, and each sliding, an article in clothing is hiding, until Jones' clothes all fall together.
The director, Fresh from the Amlawable Goldeneye (1995) manages the film perfectly.
The action is well done and fast, the comedy has done well.
The casting helps a lot, but management is always exceptional.
Although the film is very long, the plot continues to walk and there is barely boring moment.
However, the film is a little too indulgent, and it could have been cut.
He manages to hold attention, fortunately, and the adventure and the charm last until the last coil.
The writers John Eskow, Ted Elliot and Terry Rosio unfortunately wrote a cliché and one -dimensional script.
Although they bought Zorro up to date with large explosions and a wild action, the plot itself exists barely.
There are a lot of small sub-intrigues, but there is nothing substantial to bring them together.
The main story seems to be the fact that Rafael wants to "buy" California using stolen gold to the guy he buys earth.
This is preparing for a temple of Doom type layout where we see slaves from the farmers pushed to obtain the gold of the small mines.
However, that does not seem to appear up to almost an hour in the film, so the film is never sure where it is going.
In the end, however, Zorro provides an action and a comedy with a shovel.
It is suitable for everyone, so put the guilt behind and put more money on the Spielbergs bank account.
You will not regret it.