The laserman: in a way, the title of the film by the writer-producer Peter Wang evokes images of superheroes, like Ultraman and Spiderman.
You expect a sort of an adventure film on a crime fighter who can draw laser beams with your fingertips.
It turns out that the laserman _is_ on crime and laser beams, but there is no superhero.
Instead, Wang's film is populated by a group of refreshing and offbeat characters living in the last cultural crucible: New York.
The laserman is a comic drink that celebrates ethnicity, eccentricity and electricity.
The film tells the bizarre story of Arthur Weiss (Marc Hayashi), a Chinese-American laser scientist whose life becomes incredibly hectic after accidentally killed his laboratory assistant in an experience.
He loses his job but finds work with a mysterious company that secretly plans to use laser technology to commit ignoble acts.
Arthur's professional life is crowded with moral dilemmas.
His personal life, on the other hand, is crowded with colorful friends and original parents.
In fact, Arthur is by far the most blatant character in the film, despite a charismatic performance by Hayashi (the actor based in San Francisco whose films include Chan is missing and the Karate Kid II).
It is the auxiliary characters who give the laserman its unique spark.
The Jewish mother not so typical of Arthur, Ruth, for example, is convinced that a Chinese soul is trapped in her Jewish body.
She has her red hair in black, she takes plant plants daily, and perpetually prepares strange delights, such as matzo balls in soy sauce - the ultimate fusion of Jewish and Chinese cuisine.
Veteran stage actress Joan Copeland takes on the role and runs with him, almost flying the film in the process.
She plays Ruth as a motivated woman, determined to overcome her genetic heritage by immersing herself in Chinese culture.
Arthur's girlfriend, Janet (Maryann Urbano), is a free espiaine who prefers to meditate rather than copulating; her ultimate objective is orgasm by Zen meditation.
Arthur's best friend, Joey (Tony Leung), is a small time thief that upsets everything, from microwave ovens.
Joey is married to Arthur's Jewish sister, but he also has an affair with a Chinese immigrant who works in a fucking house.
Arthur's 11 -year -old son Jimmy, played by the incredibly adorable David Chan, is - horror of horrors - Bad in mathematics!
It finds impossible to meet the high expectations of his father.
The different people of Arthur's life come together to form a rich tapestry of humanity.
Like Wang's previous film, A Great Wall (on a family from San Francisco visiting parents in China), the laserman revolves around cultural differences.
Each character in the film is, in one way or another, to try to find his identity - to propagate to negotiate a balance between his native culture and the American way.
The film also offers a provocative preview of technology.
Wang appears in the film as Lieutenant Lu, a detective who is fed up with machines, even if he counts on them to do his job.
The film considers technology with a suspicious eye, recognizing its necessity while making its potential dangers.
Wang raises the question of whether scientists should be held responsible for their inventions.
Was Einstein responsible for bomb A?
Is Arthur Weiss responsible for his lasers?
The film soothes spirituality against technology, man against the machine, and the result is a draw.
According to the film, technology has its place, but we must use it with a lot of foresight and prudence.
Ironically, by its very nature, the laserman is a triumph of technology - cinema technology.
Wang's management is exquisite, especially during the tense final in which the director crosses himself frantically between the different sub -intrigues, perhaps in homage to D.W.
Griffith. The director of photography Ernest Dickerson, who worked on all Spike Lee films, gives the laserman a distinctive artistic look.
The partition of Mason Daring, which includes a shipment of Bach, is just on the target.
The laserman is an ambitious company, which must be applauded, but it is sometimes ambitious for a fault.
Wang serves so much slices of life in the film that it is difficult to digest them all.
For example, a character (Arthur's sister) has a negligible screen time, and therefore we just don't care about his marital problems.
By wearing his web, Wang included a few strands too much.
Overall, however, the laserman is an eclectic charming concoction.
On the surface, the film is a light and inflatable comedy thriller, overflowing with whimsical humor and visual style.
Heavier problems only emerge when you take a deeper look at the film.
You can think about moral questions or you can just sit down and enjoy the absurdity of Chinese city life.