Phew. This film denounces energy, the kind of production of risk films in slow motion and risk which is rarely visible on the screen these days.
Like the marginal, the heterogeneous group of post-apocalyptic young Danny Boyle tries to represent, trainspotting turns by the total chaos but finally retains its base and its control.
The result: a film that is a delicious example of how the medium is the message.
The message: A bunch of losers with losers, Mark Renton (Ewan McGregor), Spud (Ewan Bremner), Sick Boy (Jonny Lee Miller), Tommy (Kevin McKidd) and Begbie (Robert Carlyle).
Branch, aimless and agitated, their routine is to get drunk in local advertising, groover towards techno or glam-rock in local disco and shots on the local arm and the purchase of money throughA variety of methods, some ingenious, others clearly stupid and desperate.
Not part of the daily dose if obtained, sex is a bonus.
You can find these characters as they are, rude, dirty, pathetic, ugly but certainly interesting, in the cult novel by Irvin Welsh of the same name.
What makes the film a completely different experience is the way the Boyle director uses each tool at his disposal to make the filmic medium synchronous with the message.
One of the first things you notice is how the camera seems to move relentlessly.
He will cam the button of a character, as soon as he is in the throat at a stroke of establishment.
Distracted and curious, he will maintain the level of the eyes of a character or fall directly to the ground to show the vision of the doped eye.
You will even find characters who look at the camera, their faces mucus on the wide angle lens.
This cinema camera is just another guys.
On tiptoe this indistinguishable line between fantasy and reality, Boyle uses a good dose of surrealism to get the message across.
Children of boredom of bored children and children deprived of a heroine solution have nightmares.
I do not want to give too much, but if you come across chuckie of the child's play with some of the eccentric fantasies in celestial creatures, you may have an idea how fun it is or pants that erases the alternating stateconsciousness.
That said, this film has a good part of drugs - consumed, vomited, defecated, pissed off, exchanged, purchased, sold, injected, introduced as a smuggling, appreciated and regretted.
If it is not your cup of tea, no one forced you to see the film.
Stay at home and rent close and staff.
And what is a buzz without pieces.
From Pulp to Iggy Pop (yes, it is still alive), the sound landscape is as engaging as visual energy permeates the film.
Good and bad vibrations get tangled like the conflicting desires and values of the message.
From time to time, a film comes with the kind of energetic cinema which corresponds to the intensity of his characters which he hopes to represent.
Trainspotting is this shot star that burns a sky strewn with static constellations.
Dom is a part -time filmmaker graduated from the Radio / Television / Film program at the University of Northwestern not so long ago.
He worked on various clips and short films in and around the campus and Chicago.
Nowhere Town, a 26-minute short film he shot, co-produced and recently co-produced the prize for the Grand Jury at the Charleston International Film Festival for the best student production.
He is currently finishing some small projects.
With his smallest quantities of leisure, Dom makes imitations of Nell.