In some respects, rush hour is the ultimate exercise in cliché cinema.
The hero is the cop renegade who prefers to work alone.
The cop in question cannot solve the case as long as it has no problems.
All Chinese are somehow involved in the criminal element.
The duo must always be completely offset.
The hero must say smart comments before (and after) shoot someone.
However, that doesn't necessarily make a bad film.
The rush hour is the first great Hollywood film by Jackie Chan since the Demal The Protector (1985).
Proving once again that Hollywood can learn a lot from foreign cinematographic markets (that is to say: Hong Kong), Jackie Chan receives a much freer reign than before.
However, some unconditional fans of Jackie Chan can be disappointed, because even Chan himself expressed dissatisfaction on the length of the combat scenes (which he considers too short, according to an interview).
This film takes a familiar theme from East Meets West.
Jackie Chan is Lee, the right lace inspector who is imported to help facing a kidnapping case, while Chris Tucker is Carter, the destructive cop aloud who is "promoted" to the FBI to help him.
Or, at least, then he thinks (also another classic notion in action films: the FBI must always hinder our heroes).
Despite the necessary action for action movies, the rush hour are among the most fun that you spend and forty minutes watching.
Jackie Chan continues to be one of the most exciting martial artists on the big screen, continuing to make her own stunts and his dazzling audience with her kicks and her flashy punches.
Chris Tucker, familiar with his crying and boring role in the fifth element is more pleasant to taste, completing the right character of Jackie Chan.
However, Jackie Chan still keeps his comic strip edge, as expected from him and his films.
By perfectly minimizing the routine of "water fish" through the attempts of his character to mix in American culture, he compensates for the stop time that his character experiences.
However, when he is in action, you will be amused and dazzled.
Always inventive in the use of objects to beat people (in this case, a steering wheel, a service tray and a bar stool), Jackie Chan turns out to be the pioneer of Kung-Fu Slapstick.
The character of Chris Tucker can appear to be irritating, but is also humorous.
Since he is not a physical actor in Jackie Chan, he uses his main weapon: his mouth (hence the slogan, "The fastest hands in the eastern meeting the fastest mouth of thewest").
Although the dialogue is not necessarily Shakespeare, it is suitable for the film and always very funny.
Although they are not necessarily poignant, attempts to develop characters and growth between the characters are surprisingly well.
Lee's "knowledge" of American pop culture ("It's the Beach Boys!")
Contrary to the lack of knowledge of Carter of Chinese culture constitutes an interesting scene where Lee teaches Carter the disarmament tour of the Kung-Fu, while Carter teaches the Hip-Hop Lee dance movements.
Although peak hours are not at the same level as police stories 3 and 4 (known in North America that the first strike from Supercop and Jackie Chan, respectively), this compensates more than the poorly received film operationCondor and MR.Gentil guy.
With his appropriate mixture of high kicks and lots of laughter, he made a fun film.
In addition, it is a real start of the Jackie Chan films, because a common element is missing: a female co-star Pleurnichard.