Robert Benton assembled a stellar and mature cast for his latest feature film, Twilight, a Mystery Film Noir film in the middle of Hollywood stars.
Paul Newman embodies the retired detective Harry Ross.
Harry has spent the last two years doing small jobs for Jack and Catherine Ames (Gene Hackman and Susan Sarandon), a pair of married actors who fell from the spotlight.
However, when Jack sends it for routine delivery work, the old instincts come into play.
Soon, Harry is wading through a mystery where friendships and life are at stake, and he no longer knows who to trust.
There are a lot of familiar faces in Twilight, in addition to Newman, Hackman and Sarandon.
James Garner plays Raymond Hope, an old cop and one of Harry's best friends.
Stégard Channing plays Verna, Harry's former partner, and perhaps a former romantic interest.
Reese Witherspoon is Mel, the suspicious girl of the Ames ”and Liev Schrieber is her boyfriend Scuzzy.
Giancarlo Esposito appears as Harry's detective Bumpling, and John Spencer is a suspicious police captain.
With a cast like that, it's almost worth watching Twilight just for Stargaze.
Fortunately, there is more in the film than a kind of recognition ceremony of the actor.
Twilight has a solid black film intrigue.
He may not have as much twists and turns as some of the classics, but he has much more than a lot of what goes for cinema these days.
The main members of the distribution all offer solid performance, as you can expect from their caliber.
However, none of them has this additional little punch that would make them memorable.
The support distribution is pleasant, if a little underdraw.
The character of Stégard Channing, in particular, is a figure.
There is more to his character that the film does not take the time to describe.
It is a minor, but irritating defect.
With a solid cast and a good intrigue, there is much to recommend about Twilight.
Its greatest defect is actually its short term.
At 94 minutes, there are many things that are packed in a terribly small package.
However, the chance to see Newman, Sarandon and Hackman work together are worth one or two cramps.