Is Evil Dead II a bad film?
It is full of a terrible game, unnecessary violence and the intrigue holes, but there remains a classic cult almost fifteen years after its release.
Explain why this film stands out from others with similar plots (including original evil) is extremely difficult.
"Well, what? '
"Five people blocked in a log cabin in the middle of nowhere to survive vicious attacks of a variety of ugly monsters, velus and covered with warts. '
"Come on, I saw a film like that on Monster Vision last week.
Why should I see him again? '
"No evil dead II is different, it's funny. '
"Is it funny to see people die?"
Are you sick or something? '
Maybe I am and maybe the director Sam Raimi is as well to create such an enigma of a film.
Its unique execution is as sarcastic as it is subtle, disturbing as it is hilarious.
An example of Raimi's strange approach: a monster (formerly the Ash protagonist of all people) is cut in half by a chainsaw and a blood tidal raz comes from the open wound.
Of course, it is exaggerated, but it is so exaggerated that he laughs with a funny voice; simply try to look at Ash with a straight face while he is unexpected with ten gallons of blood, staining his face and reversing hima few meters.
The whole film is like that, watch Ash get beaten, watch Ash defeat the monster, look at Ash being beaten by another monster even Zanier.
The more repetitive and unrealistic the film, the more fun it becomes.
No matter how sick it may seem, it is funny to look at the ashes of Bruce Ampbell being kicked the buttocks every five minutes.
And Raimi takes advantage of it, he has ash tormented by the head of his girlfriend, by the body of an old lady, even by his own right hand.
Like less superior inactive hands, we look at Ash strike in an uncontrollable way again and again until he is forced to cut his own part of the body.
But it does not end, Ash must now fight his cut hand which now moves with the same speed as the thing of the Addams family.
All these events, thrown on you at the first minute with roller coaster - like camera movements, first become shocking, then inexplicably funny.
Raimi expects the public to laugh and as the film progresses, he seems to have fun even more by taking the classic mirror scene of the Duck soup of the Marx brothers, then bringing more characters onThe image to kill them comically.
With an operating time of less than an hour and a half, Raimi gets away with the impossible, making a horror film with more gore than the intrigue and intentionally more laughs than fear.
Completing Evil Dead II with an opening for the third film in the series, Raimi obviously had a lot of fun making this film and was looking forward to doing his sequel.