If there is one thing that bothers me in Hollywood films, it is their predictable end.
The devil's lawyer at the end of Hollywood atypical, when everything that should happen.
Unfortunately for the Devil's defender, this end almost collapses on itself and ruins the whole film.
Nevertheless, the film provides two and a half hours of pure entertainment (note to oneself: kill anyone who was in charge of the previews of this film).
I do not think that I was completely prepared for this film because the trailers have made it a supernatural horror film on Satan.
Well, it contains this element, but what is not mentioned in the announcements are the other elements of the intrigue (and apparently more interesting to that).
The devil's lawyer begins in Florida with an ongoing trial in session.
Kevin Lomax (Keanu Reeves) is the defense lawyer, working for a client accused of having raped a young girl.
He ends up with a non -healed verdict, despite an emotional testimony of the victim (Heather Matarazzo).
He left the courthouse with his charming wife Mary Ann (Charlize Theron) where he is approached with a travel offer in New York to help choose a good jury.
He accepts (mainly after seeing the pay check he will receive) and he steals in New York with his wife.
After having proven his value for the selection of juries (and his sequence of perfect victories in court), the chief of the cabinet, John Milton (Al Pacino), asked him to work permanently as a criminal lawyer.
He accepts graciously, where he is treated almost as a God.
We give him an incredible apartment (which is larger than all my house now) and a heavy pay check.
His life seems to be increasing.
And of course, his life suddenly begins to vacillate and decline slowly.
He is attracted to his colleague employee Christabella (Connie Nielson), and his wife begins to feel very alone in his large apartment.
Mary Ann occupies a friendship with a neighbor who always gives advice, especially if it is not sought after.
Meanwhile, Kevin Nabs a case surrounding Alexander Cullen (Craig t. Nelson) who apparently murdered three people.
He spends hours and hours with this affair, while forgetting his loving wife, who may or may not go crazy.
All this while John Milton may or may not be the devil himself.
After a while, things go completely upside down, while Kevin's wife claims to have seen monstrous images bunk to his friends.
A colleague is murdered in the park and his mother (Judith Ivey) reveals information about Kevin's true father.
Does a whole big nightmare?
Or is John Milton really Satan, playing tricks with Kevin's life?
The devil's lawyer takes place quite simple, but for a strange reason, the writers wanted to surprise everyone by giving us something that we do not expect.
Is this surprise conclusion supposed to make us feel good and go home without feeling depressed or bothered?
If this is the case, the Devil defender spoils completely, and ironically, I felt more depressed because of the end as she is now, that I would have done if it had ended ten minutes earlier.
I went to the Devil's defender while waiting for a shocking horror film, and that's exactly what I got.
I was installed to be mentally disturbed and emotionally, and that's what I got.
But what was the most disturbing and horrible aspect of the film is the poor end (I mentioned that I did not like the end?).
The producers of this film take you to an exciting russian mountain race and just as it ends, they pull the carpet from under you.
Films like Se7en and the usual suspects can survive with this surprise end because it is expected, more or less.
We know that it will end unpredictably.
The devil's lawyer, on the other hand, ends in an unpredictable way, not to know a lot, but not knowing anything at all.
If it's confusing, I recommend watching the FI LM, then reread this.
As for the film overall, I appreciated the first two entire hours, being attracted by a formidable study of character, then adding the supernatural intrigue to increase the construction of tension from the character study.
The film works like a well -constructed clock, slowly building until exploding with a very busy highest point (and an unpredictable to that).
And then you settle for a good resolution, which does not happen.
It was at this stage that I felt cheated.
Taking us to a terrorist driving of a intrigue, we follow Kevin Lomax, because he is the centerpiece of the film.
Everything happens from his point of view.
It is our representation on the screen (in a way).
But we are forced to see a conclusion that means that most of the film looks like a game.
I don't want to spoil the end, so everything I can say is go see the film and decide for yourself.
The most shocking thing of the devil's lawyer may be the extreme of everything.
He won his note R for a reason.
There is a lot of nudity, sex, violence, gore, then you have gore, violence, sex and more nudity.
This film is really not subtle about anything, showing us everything.
It actually surprises me that this film did not receive a NC-17 rating, because it is quite hard.
However, the film has its merits, and nudity and sex are among these.
I do not tolerate sex and nudity in the movies, but if it is there, I could also benefit from it.
The greatest merit of this film is also the most interesting to watch.
The confrontations between Kevin Lomax and John Milton are entertaining, but what stands out in the middle of this extreme hatred is the decline of the wife, Mary Ann.
Represented by the extremely effective Charlize Theron, Mary Ann's problems are incredibly intense, and I found myself wanting to attend her decline.
It may seem carefree, but I wanted to look because I felt sorry for her.
She is the most interesting character of the screen, who is forced in a world where she is not sought after.
Something that the Devil's defender in fact shocked me for reasons other than extreme violence and nudity, especially for a film of this nature.
History actually has something to say about humanity.
In one of the last scenes, John Milton explains to Kevin Lomax the game that God plays with his children (he is Satan, of course).
He comments that it is human nature to covet and hate vanity.
Then God establishes rules that contradict human nature.
This semi-religious denigration is more humorous than frightening.
What Milton says is so true about our society that I found myself laughing out loud, partially thinking that it was funny, but doing in a patient way that it was true.
These moral dilemmas are present throughout the Devil's defender, which gives him an additional depth, many films jump into their writing (but I am sure they came directly from the novel on which he was based).
When a film has something to say about our society, it deserves to be watched.
The cast of The Devil's Advocate is one of the strengths, as we see, and they put tricks on these memorable faces to which we do not expect.
Heather Matarazzo makes a brief appearance as a terrorized victim in the opening case, and she does a great job.
The great surprise of this film is probably Keanu Reeves.
He turned out to be an unequal actor (successes such as speed and bombs such as Johnny Mnemonic), but he gets complicated with this performance.
I have never seen it more credible to date.
Al Pacino is of course the stage thief.
His diabolical performance is equal to those of Jack Nicholson (The Witches of Eastwick) and Max von Sydow (things necessary).
He could have easily went too far in the top in many scenes, but he remains completely credible (if this is the correct term).
Jeffrey Jones (mainly known as the Director of the Day of Leave of Ferris Bueller) also gives a good performance while Eddie Barzoon .
Judith Ivey manages credible performance as a mother who has a secret for Kevin's past.
Connie Nielson is very effective in her role, and she also seems naked several times.
A familiar face with a twist was the star of "Coach", Craig T.nelson, who gives a very good performance.
Devil's lawyer is classified R for sexuality, nudity, violence, language and some gore.
At 144 minutes, this film moves fairly quickly.
During the first two hours, I sat down completely in the right performances and the strong characters.
The technical quality is also remarkable, with major special effects and a good musical score.
Director Taylor Hackford managed to create a very worrying film, only to ruin a good part of tension with the last fifteen minutes.
I guess my biggest problem with the end is the fact that I went to the theater while waiting for a disturbing film, and Hackford gave me exactly that for a long time.
But just before the end, he became nervous and relied on the Hollywood security net to make his film more common.
Personally, I would have preferred that it ends fifteen minutes earlier.