Are we victims of fate in life or can we create our own destiny?
The director / writer Brad Anderson seems to say yes to the two questions in his film full of spirit "Next Stop Wonderland".
The two main characters, Alan and Erin, spend the whole film on the orbit of the other, trying to each other, but not completely connected to the inevitable conclusion.
Is it fate that keeps them from each other and ultimately brings them together?
Does this predestination happen to all aspects of life?
While the film begins, Erin Castleton (Hope Davis), a melancholic 29 -year -old nurse, ends her relationship with her boyfriend (Hoffman).
Rather, he ends with her.
Arriving from work, Erin finds her boyfriend parked in front of their apartment, a car filled with his personal effects.
In a grip groping, fun and misleading, he asks Erin to watch a video band he made in detail why their relationship is doomed to failure and why he leaves.
It is obvious that he does not have the courage to confront her directly as he reflects to accomplish something with his life and take a stand, while removing his way out of their relationship.
He then flees the scene with the grace of an incompetent thief.
Erin's mother (Holland Taylor, in a surprisingly effective role), fearing that her daughter will be without a man in her life, eliminates a personal ad for Erin.
At the embarrassed horror of Erin, the announcement describes it as a "curly, cultivated and carefree professional with a zest for life".
Finally, Erin responds to the tidal wave of the answers, which makes some of the most humorous and told moments of the film while she meets potential contenders and "installers".
Alan, a plumber and a budding marine biologist, the first place Erin while he cleans the interior glass of an aquarium of the Boston aquarium.
Wearing a wet costume and glasses, he follows Erin from window to window, separated by glass like Erin, unconscious of his gaze, takes advantage of the fish.
Later, we see it on a train while she sits on a platform outside, a few meters away.
The film goes its entirety to what their paths turn without crossing.
There are several sub -intrigues involving Alan.
One concerns his attempts to put himself on the employment track at the Boston aquarium, thus escaping his apparent fate to continue the family plumbing business.
Another sub -intrigue implies his father's desperate attempts to force Fate's hand by playing his life on the dog track.
A distracting objective is put on Alan's debt to a loan shark and the way he reimburses her.
The film tries too hard to make Alan a nice guy.
Fortunately, his dream character is counterbalanced by the distant personality, but fundamentally full of hope of Erin.
The film evolves at a rate without insurance, although too much in this last third, while we are waiting for the two to meet.
The co-editors Anderson and Lyn Vaus throw some red herring possible in the mixture while the two find other possible relationships.
The films move in much slower equipment while we are waiting for these novels to blow.
When Alan and Erin end up meeting, we see that they were perhaps both intended for each other when they share a persistent and almost subliminal look.
It's a soft and measured moment.
The disappointment comes from the fact that we learned the pair, but we cannot see their imminent romance.
The inherent belief of the film in the subtle persistence of fate and the wonder that it can bring to her life makes the "Wonderland of the next judgment" a quiet pleasure in a cinematographic landscape strewn with explosions, superficial characters andExaggerated special effects.