It has been a long time since Walt Disney gave us a classic in the sense of the little mermaid or beauty and the beast.
Of course, there have been delicious outings like Hercules in recent years.
But nothing entirely revolutionary.
With the release of the studio's last feature film, a remake of the creation of Edgar Rice Burrough Tarzan, Disney has plunged into new waters with maturity and animation techniques.
It is not a classic, but this new Tarzan represents exactly what a family film should be.
The intrigue is faithful to the original story, because Tarzan's parents are forced to abandon their ship which caught fire and find shelter in the jungles of Africa.
But, they are killed (off screen) by the guy rumbled sabor, leaving the baby Tarzan alone and unharmed in his cradle.
Found by Kala (expressed with effective sweetness by Glenn Close), a mother and a member of Gorilla, Tarzan is taken to the primates group and raised as one of their own.
We follow the young boy over the years, while he participated in various adventures with his friend Gorille in his mouth strong terk (a very impetuous but funny Rosie O'Donnell) and an awkward elephant (Wayne Knight).
Of course, in any Disney film, we have a kind of clumsy companion or humorous chum for the hero.
In Tarzan, these characters fill this space in a fairly discreet way.
The gags that have been amplified in other family films have remained quite minor here.
Most of the characters are fun without being forced.
As Tarzan grows, the antagonist suspected stumbles in the image.
Here, the notorious villain is the Big Game Hunter Clayton (Brian Bajéd), who accompanies an unfortunate teacher (Nigel Hawthorne) during an expedition through the jungle.
Of course, there is the teacher's daughter, Jane (nicely vocalized by a happy Minnie driver) who will help provide the romantic quotient of the film.
The thing that skipped my socks about this version of Tarzan is amazing animation.
Directors Chris Buck and Kevin Lima applied a breathtaking 3D element to the movement of the athletic title character, and the rapid edition is absolutely a wonder.
While Tarzan transports Jane through the treetops, shortly escaping a packet of unpleasant baboons, he slides and slides like a bold snow border or a star surfer on the large wave.
Your eyes can barely follow; it is a fantastic accomplishment.
The subject here is also a notch or two above the average animation.
There are important questions raised on the Place de Tarzan in the world, and all are treated exceptionally well by the writers.
There is no longer any less doubt to think later, which is a surprising advantage that I did not expect to find here.
It is enough to say that this film will see both adults and carefully entertainment children.
The adult Tarzan is expressed by Tony Goldwyn, who made a name for himself like the "Big Mean Jerk" by Ghost.
Goldwyn is effective in playing someone who is not aware of the dangers of his world.
Glenn Close is also memorable as a gorilla mother, and launches Henriksen (from television millennium) is great as a father back of Silver uncertain to know how to accept the presence of a human child.
As a villain in the film, there is nothing particularly special or catching the character of Clayton.
It helps Brian bless his voice with enthusiasm of play, but he is not compared to Hilules Hades by James Woods.
A Burley guy with a large pistol who just wants to capture the gorillas is not quite a presence on the notable screen.
However, it is an excellent wrinkle of thrills that Disney built.
I did not expect Rice Burrough's work to be transformed with as much success of the live action for animation, nor with so much emotional depth.
Parents, as well as all children, will find much to love in Tarzan.