At first glance, three kings seem to be another other war film, the version of the 90s of all these favorite war films with names that I do not remember.
The version of the 90s is certainly, just another war film?
Not in your dreams!
Imagine the Pulp Fiction approach to save the private Ryan, which is three kings for you.
Believe it or not, it carries the cooling of the first and the austere human meaning of the second.
History brings us to the twilight of the Gulf War, with the victorious allied troops.
Majpr Archie Gates (Clooney) leads an enterprising group of grunts in a spell of post-war looting fairly unorthodox; the millions of gold bars secretly stored by Saddam in a sorry village in the desert.
While the other troops celebrate their victory and are preparing to be shipped to the house, this "wild group goes awolf on a monitoring of armed buzzing (the vehicle of choice of the American army).
They soon discover that they have a lot of resistance, as they get involved with the local rebellion against the forces of Saddam.
Frequently changing their modes between the looters and the joyful men of Robin Hood, they consciously become attacked by their own morality.
While the film begins to roll, it seemed to have a rather light mood.
"Special effects like when Gates describes to his men how a ball can just kill the way for a funny light action film.
Three kings are much smarter than that.
As the conflict becomes more and more complex, the public will be trapped in a limb, trying to stay focused on this light / serious massif that the film seems to describe.
I personally found this analogous to the same feelings of the main characters involved in the film; trapped between their initial plan paved by greed and their own sense of humanity.
It just made all the experience of looking at three really brilliant kings.
The action sequences are not shot like your old -fashioned war films or anything like the war violence of Steven Spielberg.
They are carefully built to generate tensions with just the close -ups and tight breaks, just before the start of the action.
Not John Woo for sure, but more of the Western Spaghetti style of Sergio Leone (of them with Clint Eastwood).
Great performances by Clooney and Wahlberg but the shine must lie in the design of this film; the screenwriter and the director.
Three Kings ranked among the best films of the year, well, for me at least.
highly recommended.