While it was part of the former Yugoslavia, my country, Croatia, was almost completely ignored by Western films in general.
The words "Croatia" and "Croats" were unknown, even in the films whose plots took place in Croatian places.
The rare exception was the adaptation of war dogs, 1980 of the successful novel by Frederick Forsyth, but this rare opportunity added only to the insult to the injury, mentioning the Croats in the most little context.
In a single line, they are called a bunch of nasty people, probably terrorists, who withdraw parts of the arms when they are not satisfied with the quality of the goods.
The same line also illustrates the environment where the film takes place - the dark and violent world of Shady International takes care of the blurred borders between affairs, politics and crime.
The cinema protagonist, Shannon (Christopher Walken) is a mercenary who has spent the best years of his life fighting many little wars all over the world.
His latest job is an intelligence mission for a powerful mining company which requires information on the political climate in the West African nation of Zangaro.
Shannon only arrives in this country to find an oppressive regime of President Kimba, mad with blood whose brutality has crushed any opposition and frightened almost all Westerners.
After being arrested and tortured by Kimba secret police, Shannon left the country with the help of British journalist North (Colin Blakely).
Upon his return, he was approached again by the mining company, but this time, they want him to plan and execute the coup against Kimba.
Shannon accepts and reluctantly brings together a small group of his surviving mercenary friends who start a meticulous preparation for another little war.
The thing that separates the war dogs from conventional action films, in particular those made in the 1980s, is its authenticity, almost close to the documentary.
This should not surprise anyone, because the author of the novel, Frederick Forsyth, made the reputation by mixing fiction with real life, thus creating interesting but exciting but very credible plots for his books.
These plots were also responsible for some very successful thrillers of the 1970s, and one of them, The Day of the Jackal by Zinnemman, is now considered a classic in this genre.
He deals with wealth soldiers, an ancient tradition which was resurrected in great troubles from the 1960s and the 1970s and filled the void left by disappearing the colonial empires.
Unlike wild geese, which used it as a pretext for the adventure of conventional action, the script of George Malko and Gary de Vore (author whose death last year has become a real mystery) is serious, and atPlace of the action emphasizes the prosaic characters and details of Phone.
The film does not try to romantic the profession of mercenary or to glorify mercenaries as a kind of superheroes; they are simply presented as a deadly but consumable tool with a doubtful program.
Christopher Walken has played in many films, but very rarely, we can see him in a leading role.
His performance in this film may not be breathtaking, but adequate.
His face notoriously without expression is a perfect illustration of the disillusioned and tired man of the world whose alienation of the "normal" lifestyle becomes complete and the only ideal remaining is the loyalty to the circle of narrowing of friends.
Although the film does not lack capable actors, their roles are miniatures compared to Walken, and only Colin Blakely as a cynical journalist has the possibility of representing his character.
However, those who seem familiar faces would find them a lot in war dogs - Tom Berenger, Paul Freeman, Jo Beth Williams, Victoria Tennant (in short camée), and the biggest surprise is Ed O'Neill (deFame married to children) as a reluctant colleague from Shannon.
It was the first major production for John Irvin, and that shows why he acquired the reputation of the second capable, but Director SS.
With the right script, he can make a very good film, with the bad script, he can make real mess.
Fortunately, the Dogs of War had a good script.
Irvin’s management was very ascetic and gave the film an almost documentary feeling.
The only distraction is the dramatic music of Geoffrey Burgon, used in bad places.
In the final battle scene, where we can see mercenaries at work, Irvin shows us that modern war means a firepower and superior tactics, unlike the ramboeque fantasies of the 80s who are based on macho superheroes.
Unfortunately, by making the battle realistic, Irvin made him a little less attractive and his sloppy editing did not help either.
But, despite these shortcomings, this film remains interesting and rare combination of action thriller and a realistic political drama.