"A man is not a man without eight golden taels."
With Sammo Hung, Sylvia Chang; directed by Mabel Cheung; written by Cheung and Alex Law; Cinematography by Bill Wong
Eight Taels of Gold begins like a story of fish out of water and becomes at a given time a love story involving two people whose past choices prevent the fruit of their love.
None of the two aspects of the film is fully successful, but the two are quite good.
And along the way, there is a perfect scene, which is one more than you find in most films.
Slim (played by Porly Sammo Hung, better known as a star and director of Hong Kong action films) is a Chinese immigrant who drives a yellow taxi in New York.
When the film opens, we see it screaming obscenities against another taxi driver.
It does not seem particularly inappropriate.
In fact, he is about to come back to visit his home in rural China for the first time in sixteen years, passing most of his savings in the process, and this is where he will become proverbial fish out ofWater, as ILSE reports that you can never go home.
He brings with him Cigarettes Bliques Statue of Liberty, cheap sunglasses and lobsters (who must be tall, to prove that they are American) - the tokens of his success.
He also wears a gold chain and a gold watch, because without eight golden taels, a man is not a man (my dictionary tells me that taels are a unit of weight used in the Far East, and Isupposes that the sentence is Chinese for a professional).
He loses most of these things - with the exception of gold - when his van crashes in a river and he must take a ride, so to speak, on a raft along the river passing in frontthe village of his parents.
When he arrives unexpectedly, he almost induces cardiac arrest with his father.
All this has the creation of a routine comedy, and the film has fun moments, as when the villagers offer in turn, ducks, geese and other massacres.
But eight taels is not a comedy - it's a sad and sweet story about the choices that people make, and how they are sometimes irreparable.
Director Mabel Cheung (an autumn tale, Sisters Soong) clearly sees what it is to have lived half your life in a country and half in a country on the other side of the world - thisthat it is to no longer have a place to call at home.
Slim does not belong to China, and he does not belong to America, where he can barely speak the language.
Seeing buffaloes of water in the fields and poached rafts on the river and the fireworks exploding gloriously in the sky on a small village, we know the slim world left behind, and it also seems that it also knows itThe first time, Etsouhaite that it looks more like the house.
The state of the expatriate has eloquence; me, being one, was sympathetic.
On the way to the village of her parents, Slim connects with Jenny (Sylvia Chang), whom he knew when she was a girl nicknamed ratings and terms, that is what he continues to call her, even if she isNow a mature professional, an attractive woman, married in the spring of an American-Chinese man.
Damn and the dimensions and the ends fall for each other.
It is predictable.
The way their (no) romance is played is not.
The emotions involved are adult and complex, and the film avoids cheap solutions to their dilemma.
It is typical, for example, that the fianc? In this kind of plot, be a colossal moron, because it is easier to sympathize with the non -rewarded lover.
But here the fianc? Is a decent and ordinary guy, and although Slim would like to feel anger, he cannot.
Fianc? Has nothing wrong; the situation is the result of bad luck or bad decisions, make your choice.
Eight Taels has its share of faults (the first sequences in America and on the plane to China are particularly low), but it compensates with preview .
When the dimensions and the ends tell Slim that her future husband wants to move to San Francisco, she notes to resignation: "It is all the same.
Wherever we go, we will be in the Chinese district ", and its simple declaration expresses a lot.
There is also an overview, in understanding the consequences of thin and rating decisions and endings: he to move to America, she marry a Chinese-American.
Their two choices may have been impatient, perhaps a feeling that the grass is always greener-and it turns out that the two choices were false.
But they cannot cancel them; they must live with what they have done.
that's life .
The film is tender towards these people, but it does not offer any false comfort.
All that is fair and true about eight taels meets in a large scene, which is the culmination of the love story.
Slim and the odds and ends are seated in an isolated place and speaks hesitantly, with the pop-pop in the thunderous fireworks exploding in the night behind them, and it seems that the conversation will lead to a kiss.
The following exchange, and what Slim then does, is poignant and perfect: with clarity and euphemism, we see the lives of two people, their sorrows and their virtues, to be summed up in one moment.
Yes, the film is imperfect, but moments like that justify most of its shortcomings.