"Thanks to a spy, I could see everything."
King Louis XVI was beheaded on January 21, 1793, but instead of visualizing this act of regicide, the Lady and the Duke of the legendary author Eric Rohmer.
Consider it as an opinion for killing.
A sweet British woman (yes, British), Grace Elliott (Lucy Russell), and her loyal servant's gaze of a high terrace in Meudon in the brilliant city of Paris, where noisy crowds seem smaller than ants.
The maid tells the little she sees of the execution through her telescope (often murmuring, "I don't know") while the sound of the patriots and applauding revolutionaries resonates in the air.
What we do not see might not be able to injure ourselves.
Close your eyes and think of England.
In the period of revolution, the aristocracy can feel a false feeling of calm in their living room rooms, discussing tumultuous events on sherry glasses until the walls are committed to them.
Adapted from the Memoirs of Elliott, Journal of My Life during the French Revolution, the last artistic tour of Rohmer may seem very far from his domestic comedies (Tales of the Four Seasons, etc.), an era shoot during the changesmore violent French history.
Resisting the temptation of theaters on a large scale, a large part of the lady and the Duke concerns calm and decisive moments between the members of the cultural elite when they determine how to proceed as the world implodes.
Grace Elliott constitutes an unlikely protagonist: a bloody snob and snob, an unprepared for the machinations of the story that sweeps it.
A foreigner who accepts the French king like his, the life of Grace seems to be defined by an outfit of fantasy and a political debate living with his former lover, the King's warm blood cousin, Prince Philipe, Duke of Orleans (John John-Claude Dreyfus).
Times change, however, and the gears are closer and closer to violence.
During the September 1792 massacres, it was encountered by a procession of rioters brandishing the Duke's head of the daughter-in-law on a stake.
Rohmer makes a severe transition from the old -fashioned, old -fashioned, almost stagy, scenes, to the swell of an angry crowd.
In doing so, he realizes what Braveheart and the patriot could not: the face of death.
When Grace sees her friend's disembodied head on a post, Rohmer's attention moves away from societal change at the reaction of a woman, loaded with hot tears.
Grace finds himself taking a fugitive from justice, sheltering him from the crowd.
Thanks to her relationship with the Duke, she is looking for a passport for the escape of this activist.
Grace does not even understand his own actions (and the Duke reacts in an amazed disbelief in the way she puts herself in danger).
She endures the persecution of Robespierre and her gang of equalization thugs, surveillance of the incessant police, home searches, even a brief penalty of imprisonment for an harmless international correspondence.
By maintaining her stiff upper lip and her pampered life (her imperative attitude towards the servants never changes), she becomes a heroine through circumstances.
The events themselves are intrusions on his person, his house and therefore his values.
The aristocracy is a glass house, which can barely resist the upheaval of the stones.
The Duke is called upon to vote on the King's punishment, and despite his hours of deliberation with friends and advisers, speaking means nothing in the face of a bloody action (or a futile inaction).
The episodic structure creates a wobbly and discordant detachment of the events of the French Revolution, which serves as a metaphor but also disconnects the potential identification of the public.
Strazy viewers (and criticism) can also complain that knowledge of French history is necessary for the pleasure of the Lady and the Duke.
It is stupidity, but raises the valid criticism that Rohmer's characters sometimes become didactic.
Rohmer is imperfect but assured Push Towa RD The Future remains firmly and remarkable for having taken a cautious eye on the past while taking daring steps in the uncertain future.
What can arouse interest in the lady and the Duke outside of foreign films lovers with literary and historical passions is the use by Rohmer of advanced digital technology as a means of exploring the theme of the'Artifice as a safety or adaptation mechanism.
The actors were filmed against a blues screen, then placed against painted funds recreating the immensity of 18th century Paris.
This recreation draws attention to itself in each plan, a technical dream of whimsical buildings and wide open streets.
He looks as false as Titanic, but unlike the debacle of James Cameron, The Lady and the Duke plays with the notion of false safety in these stone walls.
Why ?
They are not real.
The very foundation that the characters of Rohmer stand is false, and in their fenced, they must discover themselves, in all their insignificant glory.
Screened at the 2001 New York Film Festival (to come soon).