In the opening photo of Midnight Cowboy, we see a close -up of a virgin cinema screen during a disc.
We hear in the soundtrack of human cries and the trampling of horses hooves.
Without an image projected on the screen, the public infallibly identifies the familiar sound of cowboys in pursuit of the Indians and can spontaneously fill the empty screen with images of old westerns in the eye of our mind.
Even without having seen a cowboys and Indian film, the cliché images of them seem to have found their way in our mental scheme.
But do cowboys really exist, or are they just Hollywood images personified by John Wayne and Gary Cooper?
Exploring this theme, director John Schlesinger uses the idea of cowboy as a metaphor of the American dream, an equally cliché but ambiguous concept.
The ease with which salvation and success can be achieved in America a characteristic of its experience or an urban legend?
Midnight Cowboy suggests that the American dream, like the image of the cowboy, is just a myth.
While Joe Buck migrates from one place to another, he does not find redemption or reward in his attempt to create a life for himself, only an additional degeneration.
During the opening credits, Joe passed in front of an abandoned theater whose marquee decrepit lit `John Wayne: The Alamo. '
While Joe is on the bus listening to a radio talk show, a lady on the air describes her ideal man like "Gary Cooper? But he died. '
A troubled expression meets Joe's face, when he wonders where all the cowboys left.
Having adopted the image of a cowboy since the youth, Joe is now deserted by the character he tried to embody.
Joe's persistence to play the cowboy act serves as an analogous to his American dream.
He romantues it in the big city, but his dreams will desert him because he is forced to compromise his ideals for subsistence.
At the end of Midnight Cowboy, Joe Buck loses everything and does not win anything.
Just as the public can imagine cowboys with Indian hunting on a virgin screen, we can also evoke Pretty Woman scenes as American redemption and success paradigms.
But how are these ideals realistic?
Joe had violated and violated in Texas.
The scars of his troubled past pushed him to migrate to New York, but he does not know that his aspirations to be a cowboy hero will fail him as they had done in Texas.
In addition to the dream of success, the dream of salvation.
The possibility of packing your personal effects and starting again seems to be an exclusive American convention.
Schlesinger provides us with strong clues to the abusive and mistreated past of Joe with flashbacks of inappropriate relations with Crazy Anne and Granny.
We understand that Joe adopts the fa? Ade of a cowboy, symbol of virility and bravery, as an attempt to neutralize his shame.
They flee his past to be sexually soiled this time by his homosexual experiences in New York.
In the dinner scene which foreshadows Joe's meeting with the gay student, Joe Buck overflows the ketchup on himself.
Standing, we see that the ketchup has made a red spot flowing from the crotch of its pants along its thigh.
Schlesinger visually portrays the degeneration of Joe's virility by causing an image of the bleeding genitals, meaning emasculation.
Beyond the symbol of castration, the scene can also known the bleeding of the first sexual encounter of a virgin, a reference to the first homosexual connection of Joe.
The fact that the idea of a rare virgin is only relegated to women reinforces the imagery of Joe's emasculation.
It is ironic that Joe has trouble prospecting for customers, but effortlessly attracts men.
Joe believes that his Broncobaster outfit is emblematic of his masculinity; New Yorkers see his whole as a camp and "Fagot Stuff. '
There are two predominant images of New York.
The first is that New York is the rich cosmopolitan city where hope and opportunity are symbolized by T All skyscrapers and the statue of freedom.
The other New York is New York by Travis Bickle, hell and minery on earth.
Joe plans New York as the first, but is presented to the latter.
Reflecting the irony in which Joe plans his cowboy outfit as male, he wrongly buy in the fable that New York is filled with lonely women neglected by gay men.
Joe thinks he is doing excellent service for New York, but the city violates him with his pride and his property.
People steal the money from Joe, the owner confiscates his luggage and the homosexuals steal his dignity.
What has become Joe's American dream?
Schlesinger answers this question with the celebration scene.
Joe is invited to a kind of Shindig and Reunion is exposed to a dizzying range of food, drugs and sex.
During the party, all the desires of Joe and Ratzo are made of the flesh; Joe flirts successfully with the women and Ratzo takes care of the free salami.
Contrasting Joe's daily difficulties, photos of the Warhol crew display free indulgence.
There is an irreverence in the attitude of revelers; we see a photo of a woman who does nothing in particular, orgies burst on the outskirts and drugs passed like party favors.
The party makes fun of Joe's ideals.
Joe believed that hard work and persistence were the elements of success in America; the scenes of the party and his appointment with Shirley suggest that it is the inactive that benefits from Joe's labor.
The American dream, suggests Schlesinger, is only a proletarian fantasy, for those who do not just, but become indolent.
While Joe goes to Miami, everything that was important in the image of Cowboy left him.
Its masculinity is compromised and its morality is abandoned.
For Joe, there is nothing left of the cowboy hero and proportionally, he makes identity.
Throwing his boots in the garbage, he returns to the bus for the last stage of his trip to Miami.
Midnight Cowboy's latest plan shows Joe inside the bus, more introspective, only making eyes outside the window.
Instead of Joe's first POV plans, looking at the bus on the way to New York, Schlesinger installs this last blow from the bus, looking through Joe's window.
The reflections of the Ratzo palm trees have so much delighted to cross the bus window with Joe, taking note remarkably.
The Miami landscape no longer expresses Joe's same excitement as before.
The world seems smaller to Joe now; the end of his trip coincides with the end of his American dream.
Joe no longer aspires to be the enterprising gigolo; he decides to return to normal work and to resign to the basic means.
Midnight Cowboy presents two familiar incarnations of the American dream.
There is the fantasy of the border according to which if you are courageous enough to repel a few Indians, you can install a ranch in the west and raise a beautiful family.
Then there is Jay Gatsby's dream that a humble stock man, with persistence, can make a fortune in the big city.
Joe's attempt to realize these dreams deprives him of his innocence in Texas and morals in New York.
When looking for an intangible paradise, Joe ends up raping a girl and killing a man.
An allegory to chase the promise of the American dream, the progressive moral atrophy of Joe Buck is a warning against the continuation of the illusory icons.