Seen at the 21st Portland International Film Festival
Film title: Supermarket Woman Director: Juzo Itami Country: Japan 1997 Cinematography: Yonezo Maeda Music: Toshiyuki Honda Cast: Nobuko Miyamoto, Masahitko Tsugawa, Shiro Ito, Yuji Miyake, Akiko Matsumoto Super Features: Typical Itami Film ...
Funny and pointed in his own way.
If you don't care about how and the food you buy in your local supermarket, then this film is not for you ....
Maybe it is better to ignore it, because this strong and biting satire, as only Juzo Itami can deliver, will give you an overview of what certain foods are going through.
Having, in the past, made films that have drawn all imaginable punchs, family traditions (funeral), taxes (a trying woman and a taxing woman), with diabolical gangsters (minbo), hospitals (the very sick), Juzo Itami, this time takes the supermarket war, to obtain consumers.
And although this film has its funny side, in the crazy situations it creates, it also shows another side, which is the attitude of a business structure more concerned with its profits than with any customer.
Goro has a supermarket.
And a competitor enters the neighborhood, trying to go bankrupt by providing cheaper prices for everything that is sold in the supermarket.
Negotiations in Gogo, his name, have in mind the closing of the more humble place of Goro, so in the end, he can mark his prices in any way possible.
Goro hires Hanako, a housewife whose talents seem better suited to management than in something else.
Hanako, while becoming familiar with the operation, discovers many trade tips, produced by many alumni in charge of each section of the market.
And the procedures are not always "fresh" foods, but a new packaging and a new date, to try to convince customers that the quality is on the shelves.
Hanako's ideas settle down, starting with some of the women working in the supermarket, since they don't even buy it at all.
And Hanako discovers along the way so that a few gifts here and there make a difference.
Otherwise, cause serious problems in store management.
A price error forces them to give eggs at very low prices and causes some worries to the store, but that has brought people, and everyone knows that these customers will buy some other things.
As the operation becomes stronger, the competition also has a cunning in its round, and it has undermined a large part of the operation by the recovery of one of the store managers, as well as the elder supervisors of themeat and fish.
Finally, these people are discovered, and Hanako must walk slowly and carefully, until they all have a confrontation.
And here, the truth and honesty prevail, and even one of the ancients decides to stay rather than going to work for the corrupt opponent.
In the process, they also note that "freshness" (with very funny jokes on this word also) becomes a much more important tool than they imagined.
With very good performances, in this hectic and fast film, this film gives us a two -hour session which is satisfactory in many ways, although a love story failed between Goro and Hanako does not stand out much, evenIf towards Lefin it is suggested.
But that would remove satire and its strength.
With food gags everywhere, the film allows you to have it.
And what a pleasure is.
is worth seeing.
 (editorial) The director of this film, Juzo Itami, died shortly after the end of the film, and he left a heritage of rare comedy and satire without compromise.
We want him to be able to make one on the production of films, of which he must have had some stories to tell, but we must do with a large part of Japanese society and its many wandering ways .... Not to say that these things do not happen anywhere else ....
America is not less guilty of one of these subjects, if someone has the courage to tackle it ...
We could also learn something along the way ....
The trouble to be seen is a trying woman and her follow -up of a trying woman returns.
The funeral is also good, but not as funny as the subsequent films.
Tampopo is also very pleasant.
These four films are available on video, which means that your best local site for the foreign film can have them ...
ask the .