Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
On December 20, 1996, in the midst of all Oscar end -of -year bait out of the main studios, Miramax Dimension Miramax of Labels, discreetly released a sly film Sneneois entitled Scream.
Although the teenager horror market has been abandoned for everything but died in recent years, the film has shocked industry observers by marking still high box-office yields, ultimately exceeding 100 million national dollars andBecoming one of the most successful films of its type of history, while deducing the public by finally presenting a set of protagonists of Slasher Slasher who were aware of all the standard shots associated with the genre.
Sleeper's success of Scream sent shock waves through the industry - suddenly, everyone was looking for hip and inexpensive dread films that could perhaps harvest similar fortunes.
The casting strategy of young television stars to attract the demography of young people had a boost.
The director of Screa Wes Craven, previously better known as the creator of the series A Nightmare on Elm Street Film of New Line, was rejected under the spotlight.
And Scream's Recruit of Scream, Kevin Williamson, burst into the film's scene in a magnificent way.
It is difficult to underestimate this last point.
M.Williamson, based on his scenarios produced to date (Scream, I know what you did last summer in October 1997, and now Scream 2), appreciated a dazzling climb to glory, quickly becameThe best known scriptwriter among the weekly reading the weekly reading of the youth culture of the box office since-well, since this guy by Quentin Tarantino (who, it is said, also achieved a reputation as a director).
Indeed, in a singularly bizarre oddity, it is the screenwriter, Mr. Williamson, and not the director who received the share of the renowned lion for the success of Scream, and the advertisements printed for the theatrical version of Scream 2 areAlso indicative of his growing prominence: while the traditional "a Wes Craven film" sheets the title of the film in advertisements, just below (in the police of equal size, is still read "written by Kevin Williamson", an affirmationFrom the screenwriter's contribution to the project which can be unprecedented.
 (I can imagine the board of directors of WGA, licking their chops to this blow and counting on the days until their objective of "a film by" is achieved.)
And, just like MR. SECENARIZATION of Tarantino, MR. The work of Williamson is vaguely unconventional, incorporating both references of contemporary pop culture and allusions to other films in the dialogue of his characters.
In Scream, they have drew other horror films in a satirical way; here, in the following, the characters discuss the merits relating to films.
Scream was written in 1995 during the infamous Bob Dole Rampage against Hollywood, and MR. The rejection by Williamson of this tirade clearly influenced writing in this film and this suite.
While the continuation was planned from the start - a treatment of Scream 2 was included when Mr.Williamson sold the script for Scream - the basic premise for the film and the meeting of surviving characters nevertheless seem extremely artificially artificially, andIt is only in connection with the point halfway through the film when it becomes engaging.
Like his predecessor, Scream 2 opens with a splashing and catchy prologue who only vaguely links in the main story of the film; this time, we follow the exploits of a young couple (Jada Pinkett and Omar Epps) AssistantTo a projection of Sneak Amazed Stab (A Film Film Film first film was transformed into a film).
However, although he tries hard and has good ideas - the audience enthusiastic in the film vaguely reminded me of the one with which I shared the theater, and I was certain Thinking of eliminating the too noiselle person in a few seats myself after about fifteen minutes - the prologue is a pale imitation of the Bravura opening sequence in the original with Drew Barrymore (where his performance did notOnly convinced that she could * Act, but was so good that he would rank among the best performances of a horror film that I have ever seen).
There are too many hip pop culture references in the Scream 2 sequence, and the configuration is not as intelligently frightening as that of Scream; while the preface to the first film has been reduced with a final blow thatwas terrifying exhilarating, the gain here is almost the theatrical camply.
Flash on the campus of a Smalltown Ohio College, where the characters back Sidney (Neve Campbell) and Randy (Jamie Kennedy) moved for their studies and to escape the notoriety of the events of the first film.
The murders that open this film lead to the reunion of the survivors - Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox), a resolved tabloid television journalist (Courteney Cox) breaks to cover the story of rupture, while the former deputy of Dewey Riley (DavidArquette) is going there to protect with Protectiongarde on Sidney.
They are joined by Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber), who was falsely accused of homicide during an appearance at the Camée during the first film; his role here is considerably extended.
The film also provides a surprisingly small story, although I suppose that a good case can be made that it is really not necessary - not because so many people have seen the first episode, but because it isIs, after all, a series of a slasherfilm: what do you think * arrived at these characters in the previous film?
There are also a lot of new faces on the stage: the new boyfriend of Sidney, Derek (Jerry O'Connell) and his new roommate Hallie (Elise Neal), the colleague student of Randy, Mickey (Timothy Olyphant), the newCameraman Joel (Timothy Olyphant de Gale (Gale's Nervous Cameraman (Timothy Olypheduane Martin), the omnipresent local journalist Debbie Salt (Laurie Metcalf), the mix Cici Cooper (Ms. Buffy herself, Sarah Michelle Gellar), and a pair of sistersSimple sorority (Rebecca Gayheart and Portia di Rossi).
All these characters could be the killer - or besides, could be the next victim.
As apparently becomes a regular basic food of a scenario by Kevin Williamson, the story is again framed around the premise more and more rocket of a whodunit.
A problem that Scream had not been to be interested in the identity of the killer.
Here (and to a certain extent in I know what you did last summer), the Williamson scenario seems to be slightly hampered by trying to transform the identity of the killer into mystery.
The film becomes from time to time so bogged down by a bad orientation that you can feel it strive for the seams to try to drop the red Herrings to the left and to the right to the detriment of its Thriller elements.
 (This does not help that the alter-ego of the killer is quite obvious from the start.)
Indeed, the finish plays as a full camp when the villain is finally unmasked, foaming in the mouth with glass eyes.
This is one of those cases where the bad guy makes such an endless diatriber about their machinations, his intrigues and their motivations, that you really get bored and that you simply want them to get along.
Although the basic configuration and premise of the film are quite artificial, the aspect where it is above its predecessor is in its suspense sequences.
They are staged much more imaginatively here (with the exception of the first post-Prologue murder, which is managed in such a mediocre and conventional way that it seems to be killed directly from the predictable slasher films of the 1980s than theFirst satirized film), and are more fun to watch.
It is difficult to hold a smile during a dizzy scene where Sidney and his companion must climb on the unable to escape a WR car Eck, and a pursuit of chat and mouse involving Gale and Dewey in a laboratory of his on the campus are very well staged, although its ultimate resolution is hilarious.
Regarding its characters, the strong part of the film is the interesting relationship between Gale and Dewey (which approaches the screen accompanied by its own theme music).
Their verbal fight at the start provides a lot of humor - an exchange where Dewey defensively defensive reprimands An aura perceived of incompetence is well written - and there is a curiously attractive aspect to their relationship in the midst of all Mayhmnes and effusionof blood.
On the other hand, Sidney is quite dull here.
She has no convincing presence, and there is nothing particularly interesting in her this time to make us worry about her except that she is the heroine back.
Given this, and the fact that there is no second solid banana character for Sidney (the role of Elise Neal is not substantial enough to adequately fill the shoes of McGowan Rose), he does notThe roles of Gale and Dewey have been considerably increased for this episodedu film is not surprising.
What surprises me most in Scream 2 is his zeal to decimate his cast.
The number of montage bodies of the film confirms the fact that * not * the character is safe (finally, * almost *); while in principle, I applaud this daring policy, at some point, you must ask yourself how manycharacters will go the next following.
 (I was particularly surprised by the premature disappearance of one in particular, whose cast for the next episode of the series would have seemed obvious.)
But hey, as the character of Rose McGowan said in the first film: "No, please don't kill me, Mr. Ghostface - I want to be in the rest!"
Look at what it brought him.