Harm, idiotic and fun comedy on fans of wrestling Dim Gordie and Sean (David Arquette and Scott Caan) who idolize the current champion of the world wrestling championship Jimmy King (Oliver Platt).
When King is screwed by his title by a corrupt promoter (Joe Pantoliano), Gordie and Sean embark on them to find their fallen hero and restore his glory.
My biggest fear that Ready to Bumble was sent very early, because filmmakers are not quick to show that the fight is indeed choreographed (but not false, be careful).
The hook of the film is that Gordie and Sean are simply too stupid to make it.
Arquette and Caan are properly exaggerated with their performances, which is exactly what a film like this requires, and Oliver Platt (one of my favorite actors) is a riot as a drunk ex-shoutdrunkenness.
Many made fun of the idea that Platt should play a wrestler champion of heavy goods vehicles with an undefeated record, but for me, it simply added to the "silly factor" of the film, thus increasing my enjoyment.
A casting complaint, however: Rose McGowan as a sexy dancer?
please ...
If Rose McGowan is sexy, I am Marilyn Manson.
Given the current state of real WCW, if Oliver Platt appeared under the name of Jimmy King at the moment on WCW programming, he would be the most popular guy they have.
On a similar note, the "intrigue" of the film's wrestling parties is more entertaining than anything that WCW writers have been able to find in the past two years.
Although you have to ask ...
Why would a wrestling promoter dismiss the chief wrestler of a company that is both unbeaten and extremely popular with fans?
Director Brian Robbins (you will remember him as Eric from "Head of the Class") can simply make good stupid films.
This film is well integrated into its previous efforts Good Burger and Varsity Blues.
And the screenwriter Steven Brill (The Epic Mighty Ducks Trilogy, late last night) manages to keep things both in sophomotic and intelligent at the same time, with almost all the jokes of the film that make fun of me.
The only exceptions were: 1) a scene involving a van full of singing nuns and 2) any scene involving the old woman of struggle.
These moments made me cringe and / or moan.
However, as an additional bonus, the public is entitled to releases from the film as a final credits.
[PG-13]