I think that any competent member of the human race who has already seen a film - a film - could probably predict almost all the turns of the wedding singer.
Even if I try very hard not to predict the films while I watch them (especially not romantic comedies), the intrigue of this particular film advanced before me a few seconds, and sometimes minutes, before seeing itProduce on the screen.
But I don't care.
Not even a little.
My reasons are simple: 1) Adam Sandler is great.
2) Drew Barrymore is great.
3) The film is so funny.
There are pieces that let me breathe for the air because I laughed so hard.
I haven't laughed in a movie from Austin Powers.
Sandler plays Robby Hart, a wedding singer who has already dreamed of being in a rock group and writing his own music.
In the opening scenes, he seems to be a joyful wedding singer, at least partially appreciating his profession and doing a fairly good job to talk about a truly drunk individual (Steve Buscemi) who decides that his brother's marriage is aGood place to the whole world that his life, to the point, was total insufficiency.
A week later, during his own marriage, he was left standing at the altar by his ex-fianc? E, Linda (Angela Featherstone).
With his life in a complete disarray, he meets Julia (Barrymore), a waitress.
She is engaged to Glenn (Matthew Glave) and must marry it in about three months.
Julia and Robby become good friends when she enlist her to help with wedding plans.
Soon (and predictable), it becomes quite clear that Glenn is an idiot, and that Robby and Julia really love each other.
Oh of course, it's commonplace.
And if someone who makes this film expected to wait for us, like a suspense or something by watching the wedding singer, then he really underestimated his audience.
What makes the story bearable, apart from the formidable costumes and the music of the 80s are the performance.
Barrymore is simply adorable here (I have never seen her so close to the way she did it in and).
Not only is she pleasant to look at, but her acting work here is really good - and that does not hurt that the character is sympathetic and adequately well written.
And The Jerk, played in full force by Graves, is just as despicable as any villain in any romantic comedy that I have ever seen.
Naturally, the real star here is Sandler.
I think the guy is hilarious flat.
He can say something that is just not funny, and his delivery makes me laugh.
His comic performance here is equivalent to that of Happy Gilmore, but in this film, he goes much further and proves to me that he can, in fact, hold on as a leading man in a romantic comedy.
While his roles in his previous films had somehow Sandler playing Sandler, the wedding singer gives him a character who, for the first time, must actually integrate.
As far as I'm concerned, he succeeded, and this film testifies that he actually has a certain scope in his talents.
And the film is so funny.
Maybe the best time is when he sings a song for Julia who, according to him, is a little uneven because he started writing it in a good mood and finished it after his fianc?abandoned.
This is the part that literally made me get caught for a breath of fresh air.
And while the film, like all romantic comedies, takes a break of laughter towards the end because the intrigue must end, there are more than enough really hilarious moments in the first hour which compensate for the in progress in classCourse of the second half.
My official complaints for the wedding singer are not very important.
The film is predictable, but who cares?
The characters are extremely friendly, the film is ridiculously funny and the experience is simply pleasant.
In addition to that, I cannot imagine that no one saw the overview and did not want to see the film.
In this order, I conclude that it is useless for me to have even written this criticism .
I just want everyone to know that I laughed.
a lot .