It is always refreshing to see a superstar actor who is paid more than enough to forget to work for a living to want to try a chance and play a character less than savoring than Mel Gibson in recovery.
Of course, if I was paid $ 25 million for a month of work, I would probably be ready to take risks, but it is neither here nor there.
Payback is based on a novel by Richard Stark (apparently in fact Donald E. Westlake, author of The Grifters, himself a criminal film) which was also filmed in the 1960s as a blank point with one of the mosthard of hard, Lee Marvin.
The film opens with Gibson after being shot several times in the back, by whom we do not yet know.
All we know is that Gibson, as wearing, is not a happy chapp.
It turns out that the man he is looking for is Val (Gregg Henry), his partner sometimes with whom he stole a case full of money to a gang of Chinese gangsters.
Obviously, not having a lot of soul crisis, Val thinks that Porter is dead and will use his share of money to reimburse a debt to his employers.
Wearing, however, is the kind of man who holds a grudge and once on his feet, takes revenge on demanding revenge on the double cross valley.
Gibson gives a great performance in the kind of role he was born to play, that of a slightly disturbed guy who does not care to beat or shoot people to get what he wants.
You would probably not see other players in its range of wages playing such an offbeat and out -of -characteristic role such as wearing (Jim Carrey will not be in a hurry after what happened the last time he hasTry - Lecable Guy, anyone?).
The idea of Harrison Ford to play an antipathetic character is presumed innocent; the last time Schwarzenegger played a villain, it was Batman and Robin, whom we will not mention further; and Stallone has already played reallya Vilain?
This does not mean that wearing is a villain in itself.
Although he is not the kind of character you would not want to get on the wrong side, he is nothing compared to some of those that we are forced to look in countless beautiful thrillers and action films where theyKill innocent in the blink of an eye or perform their right hand just to prove how bad they are.
Porter tries only to recover what is not so right, what is almost understandable.
Payback is a pleasant dramatic black comedy thriller that will not remain in memories as being among the most important work in Gibson, but is always one of the finest films he made.
The only real problem is that, even if everything seems to work at the end, I felt that something was missing; was that everything?
The end seems to be nailed at the last minute, and the voiceover does not sound true, even if it was used with a good effect elsewhere in the style of film-or that the rest of the film embodies.
The film ends far too suddenly, after a huge accumulation in the penultimate scenes.
A beautiful film, even if he needs a little something more to be the kind of film that can be recommended without hesitation.
Just be ready for a possible disappointment of an end.