". It's certainly more than a simple story of monster."
- Kenneth Branagh, director / actor / co-author of Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.
The new film by Kenneth Branagh had to compete with all the previous Frankenstein films made over the years in almost all parts of the world, including the most controversial version of all - directed by James Whale.
The dark and stormy nights, the lightnings, the coal houses of the spare body parts, the laboratory where Victor Frankenstein arouses its smoking lifetime.
But the center of the film, quieter and more thoughtful, contains the real story.
Horror-Fans will probably be disappointed with the total lack of horror.
Branagh rather focused on serious questions: morality, philosophy and human elements of history, and not on the old -fashioned horror clichés.
Its version is much closer to the book than all the previous adaptations of the classic novel.
The film begins and ends somewhere in the Arctic Ocean.
The year is 1794.
A daring captain directs his ship through unknown waters.
Its gole is to reach the North Pole at all costs.
While the ice closes around its ship, a figure appears on the horizon.
It's a man.
Exhausted and on the verge of death, he approaches the scary crew.
Her name is Victor Frankenstein (Kenneth Branagh) and her story is so terrifying that she will frighten everyone to venture into the unknown.
The foreigner Mysélious begins his history, or more precisely his confession, in Geneva, 1773.
He remembers his childhood and youth.
Laughter, banquets and parties - A happy life, without trouble or concerns.
Here, Victor lived with his father (Ian Holm), the mother (Cherie Lunghi), her alternative sister (Helena Boham Carter) and her servants in happiness and harmony.
This idyllic lifestyle is suddenly changed.
Like the thunder of a sky enough, his mother dies, giving birth to his younger brother.
Shocked, disconcerted and then gradually changed by sorrow and despair, Victor (already interested in science) becomes obsessed with death.
Standing on his mother's grave, he says: "Oh mother ...
did not have to die ... no one should never die ... I
Will stop this ... I
Promise.."
After proposing Marridge to his alternative sister and promising to come back as soon as his studies are finished, Victor goes to Ingolstadt, prevailing a medical career.
After a while, his obsession completely exceeds him while he works day and night, creating life from death.
Composing corpses, Frankenstein wanted to create the perfect man - both physically and mentally.
With strong electric pulses, he managed to enter his creation.
The result was ugliness.
Realizing what he did, Frankenstein tried to undo his work, but it was too late.
The creature has escaped.
Due to the epidemic, Frankenstein hoped that his creation is dead and returned home, making plans for marriage.
For a while, everything is like before the death of his mother.
But then, one by one, his love is dying mysteriously ...
The image of Whale, although powerful, never managed to capture the total depth of the novel.
Brannagh has done that more or less.
Another thing is the characters and the actors.
Branagh has developed each character and assembled a magnificent distribution.
The greatest performances come from de Niro - the monster, which was played by (among others) Charles Ogle, Karloff, Lon Chaney, Bela Lugosi, Glenn Strange, Christopher Lee, Fred Gwynne (as Herman Munster), and now, Robert Deniro.
Alone, hated and feared, he is completely aware of his ugliness.
At the beginning, he is like a helpless and abandoned child, desperately reaching out for love.
Later, when he reads Frankenstein's newspaper and learns that he is composed of corpses, his love turns into rage while he seeks to take revenge.
He is able to kill W This regret.
 "I took it by everywhere and I raised it from the ground ... and and
Then I slowly crushed my neck ... and
Killing it, I saw your face .. "
This is how he reveals his wilderness to its creator.
And yet, it is never quite bad in our eyes and its valuation and its solitude are palpable: "For the sympathy of a living being, I would make peace with everyone."
Rarely a cinematographic interpretation of the "demon" approached the level of three dimensions and humanity with which it is represented in the novel.
Another vital thing is the character of Victor Frankenstein.
In most previous adaptations, he was simply a crazy scientist who trolls the cemeteries of the corpses and then creates a monster (God knows why!) With the power of an electric storm.
Almost no time has been granted on its charter, which is the most important and vital charter in the novel.
Here, Branagh presents the character of Victor Frankenstein, establishes his obsession with the very nature of life and death, sets up the intellectual and ideological conflict between Victor and the academic establishment, and somehow manages to accumulateOn a catchy and horrible creation scene.
Branagh plays Frankenstein with a remarkable understanding of his character.
Outside, he is a strong, ambitious and talented scientist, but basically he is not secure, fragile and vauler, constantly haunted by the ghosts of his past.
Helen Boham Carter is just as wonderful as Frankenstein's substitution sister, who finally became his wife for a little while, before death separated them.
The rest of the distribution, playing secondary characters, is solid and nothing less than convincing.
Visually, the film is magnificent (especially makeup).
The rotation camera, the constant construction of the acore, the artistic direction, the design of production, the costumes are all magnificent: from the Arctic Ocean to the Swiss Alps and the dark forests, to the streets of the plague D'Ingolstadt, Frankenstein de Mary Shelley's Frankenstein by Mary Shelley, Mary Shelley's Frankensteinest a wonder to see.
Kenneth Branagh makes his film as if the script had been written by Shakespeare: "
I once liked lies in a shallow grave .... by
my hand ..".
And the film ends excitedly like Hamlet, when the creature sets fire to its body and its body of its creator.
The film ends with Frankenstein and its burning creation in the almost infernal fire in the dark.
And a last terrifying close -up on the smiling face of the creature.
Can a man create life, then abandon his creation because his appearance horrifies him?
To whom are his actions then attributable: the creature or the being who caused his existence?
Shelley did not answer these questions, but she certainly asked them.
Following his example, Branagh does the same.
His film is a tragic saga about playing God.
Victor Frankenstein is not a bad man.
He wanted to change the world at best.
In this, it represents everything that science represents: to act without doubts, without ever considering the consequences of its actions.
Produced by Francis Ford Coppola, Frankenstein resembles some ways in the previous film of Coppolas "Dracula".
In comparison, I can say that "Dracula" has visuals that even "Frankenstein" cannot be up to it.
But when it comes to history, characters and casting, "Frankenstein" is stronger.
But stronger than both, on all aspects, "the interview with the vampire" of Neil Jordan.
Although the film is not perfect (the camera which simply refuses to remain motionless and that the occasionally arrogant score is sometimes more level than effective), these minor defects are easily forgiven, because the image is otherwise captivating and stimulating.
Branagh has probably created one of the best adaptations (otherwise the best) of the classic novel by Shelly.