Steve Martin took prolonged holidays from all the facets of films a few years ago; he spent this time writing tests and news for "The New Yorker", several of which found themselves in his hilarious compilation, Pure Drivel (1998).
A large part of the Tinseltown savings book from Mockery, although he riff on the racist comments made by Marlon Brando during an interview with Larry King, in a good chapter entitled "In search of the Wily Philippino".
Now, as a writer and Star of Bowfinger, he offers masses many good reasons not to pursue a career in the cinema, perhaps finally the frustrations (`` Everything that is done now is shit '' ') who led to his brief retirement from Hollywood.
Martin embodies Bobby Bowfinger, a Roger Corman-Wannabe at the dawn of fifty and desperately a certain success as a producer, the quality of the projects is damned.
His accountant (Adam Alexi-Malle) offers a film entitled "Chubby Rain", about the extraterrestrials who travel on earth in drops of rain slightly larger than regular rain drops.
Bowfinger immediately clings to the idea and convinces his troop of actors to appear in the film, based on lies that the best draw at the American box office, Kit Ramsey (Murphy), agreed to play.
Ramsey, of course, does not want to have anything to do with such a low material, therefore Bowfinger, on the thought that the stars of the action must run, not speak, decides to surreptitiously photograph the overestar.
He sends his actors (who are not on this either; we say that Ramsey hates the view of the cameras and fraternize with his co-stars) at the Ramsey table in restaurants, asks them to follow him in parking lots,etc., throwing the dialogue of the script, while turning the result at a long distance.
The Ramsey paranoid flees the scene almost every time.
Ramsey is a member of Mind Head, an organization of cult self-assistance apparently dedicated to the recruitment of celebrities.
 (As if it were not familiar enough, the guru of the head of the Terry Strict Spirit (Terence Stamp) was dressed and combed to resemble L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology.)
When he comes to mind with stories of Caucasus foreigners appearing from nowhere to babble on his face, they fear the nervous breakdown of an important customer and precipitate him towards a retreat, forcing Bowfinger to find a replacement.
Murphy will probably win more fans as Jiff, the adorable Double ignoramus de Ramsey, than as a kit, but it was his representation of the latter who took courage.
Always surrounded by an entourage, suffering from a racial inferiority complex, Murphy plays directly in the tabloid image of himself.
In addition, consider the enemies he will make popular scientologists.
Racotation of the neutral colored office to strictly as if on an amphetamine frenzy and stripped of its Bigshot veneer, Ramsey is invited to shout personal affirmations several times.
Murphy's scenes with Stamp are exactly what I imagine with a "clearing" by John Travolta.
Not that Murphy is fully responsible for this SCHTICK; BOWFINGER is the invention of Steve Martin.
His script is surprisingly intelligent than satire, since the pseudo-religion is a seated duck, just like the whole film industry in Los Angeles.
 (The types of Moulin Griffin take a hit, in the form of Robert Downey Jr. As Bigwig Jerry Renfro.)
Martin's decision to tell the story from the point of view of a lower dealer is what keeps him fresh and innovative that we have seen on the screen as a group of people as hard to complete a film.
As expected, there are only initiates or buffs, such as the crew of Martin of Mexican Jumpers, who acquires an unexpected appreciation for the classics of reading "Cinema Cahiers", or the absurd explanation ofMartin in Dave, his faithful filmmaker (Jamie Kennedy), that each film, finally, has a budget of two thousand dollars (!).
Most Bowfinger is universally funny, however; I challenge any spectator to keep an impassive face when Christine Baranski, one of our brightest commens, is on the screen.
Bowfinger's main defect is a twist of the plot which has insignificant consequences.
We are also asked to believe that a few close -ups of Kit Ramsey would buy "joufflu rain", Z quality entertainment Z which would make a wooden eyeshadow.
 (This aspect of Bowfinger has a lot in common with the sequence of ridiculous Oscars in the last effort of director of Oz, the evil designed in and out.)
These are weaknesses important enough to be distracted from my pleasure from the room.
As I mentioned at the start of this review, Bowfinger offers solid reasons not to do what the character of Heather Graham does: Hop has a bus for Hollywood in search of fame.
That said, it offers a fantastic reason to get on this bus: the meaning of the community between the filmmakers who gel is great.
Martin is sentimental by the end of Story as he did in l.history, and how could he not?
For those who can hack it, films could be the biggest company in the world.