As a hero of the revolutionary war in the patriot, Mel Gibson offers another Macho Man performance for the Hollywood public.
You know the type: his shirt is always shredded, his face always marked, he has a weakness for his loved ones and a list of "killing" for his enemies.
The director / executive producer greed of the Oscars, Roland Emmerich, did not intend to do so, but he did the hero of stereotypical action for the 18th century.
While Gibson delivers lines like: "Before this war is over, I will kill you", "Schwarzenegger in Commando or Stallone in Cobra immediately comes to mind.
Curiously, the Patriot is as much an epic of three hours and moving like Gladiator, because it is a guilty pleasure of eighty minutes.
Sometimes absorbent, in others, it's tasteless, it's a good bloody summer pleasure.
I would probably have despised this film if it had not been published during the weekend of July 4.
Some images are so American zealous (the flag is used as a wild weapon for example), that the day of independence seems to be the only appropriate period of the year to accept it with all my heart.
Like Emmerich Id4, it is an obvious propaganda where the Americans are the unfortunate outfogs motivated by freedom for all.
Of course, it is predictable and melodramatic, but for a while after leaving the theater, I was stunned with patriotism.
And isn't that the interest of the patriot?
Gibson embodies Benjamin Martin, the veteran of the French and Indian Lionized War, who, at the start of the film, suffers emotionally after the death of his loving wife.
He is left to the father of seven children in her Southern Carolina field with black servants (not slaves!).
While the revolutionary war rumbles, Martin swears to keep his family near and far from the battlefields.
But when the eldest son enlocked anyway and another is assassinated by a bad red colonel (Jason Isaacs), Martin quickly decides to save the day (or to save the fate of America as presented by Emmerich).
Forming a band of aggressive farmers and using guerrilla tactics considered unjust in the art of war, Martin becomes the number one target of the British army.
The best parts of the Patriot are the scenes in which Martin and his rugged militias exceed the British armies on the left and right.
Whenever farmers attacked the enemy without distrust, to see the disbelief on the British face of General Cornwallis (Tom Wilkinson) was invaluable entertainment.
And as the tension is gradually formulated with operating time, a final battle is inevitable.
As for the many battle scenes, they are carried out in an expert manner.
Clear and more realistic than those of Gladiator, the horrible images are what gives this film a note R.
You really have an idea of how war was made during this period.
Everything is played in an orderly (but still quite bloody) way - one side turns, then on the other side, then the remaining soldiers invoice.
It is organized, strategic and, according to Martin, ineffective.
There is a very interesting contrast between the traditional battle style and the method to be trapped by Martin.
What pushes Martin to these supposedly unfair actions are the initially brutal tactics of Colonel Tavington.
Played wonderfully by Jason Isaacs, Tavington is the guy who likes to look at his horse in civilians, who nervously avoid visual contact.
This character is viciously bad; he kills women and children and then laughs on the way back; even his eyes are bad.
His representation has sparked a certain controversy in Great Britain, some say that he falsely represents his compatriots as "cowardly" and "sadistic".
I do not agree with this accusation.
Tavington does not represent his country; his unnecessary executions shock his own colleagues and even anger his general.
Besides Tavington, the redcoats remain stick figures which are neither glorified nor patronized.
And the stick characters make the easiest enemies of this kind S of films - Why give the public a reason to love bad guys?
Heck, why not pass the whole movie on the right ones?
The patriot is three hours of fictitious fireworks.
With an action hero who seeks revenge and a comic strip ready to drop him, it is a deadly weapon for the colonial era.
God bless America !
And God bless the patriot!