Curdled is a deliciously dark and full -minded black comedy, but his humor will not appeal to everyone.
To be precise, let me give you an example.
Do you know in Pulp Fiction where Jules and Vincent go to the details of the brain after Marvin and his head accidentally separate?
If you thought it was completely tasteless and funny, don't see the curds.
On the other hand, if you find this sequence quite funny, you have the sense of humor that the curd is addressed.
The heroine of our film, Gabriela, played by Angela Jones, is a woman stubbornly curious about murder and serial killers; she even keeps an album of press articles.
Fortunately for her, Miami is plagued by a serial killer unleashing - her album becomes quite large.
The nickname of the killer in the press is the blue blood killer, because he attacks the older wealthy social women, and he played by William Baldwin (it is not a spoiler).
A particularly striking M.O
On the Blue Blood is his propensity to behead his victims.
Gabriela watches television a day when she spots an advertisement for a company whose work line is perfectly listening to her interests.
She immediately leaves her job and disconnects with the PFCs, which represents the post-founded cleaning service.
No points to guess what they are doing.
His work colleagues are confused by Gabriela's fascination for murder; for them, it is only day work.
There is a hilarious wardrobe scene where they debate if the beheaded heads can speak, and what they would say.
Gabriela's partner, Elena, played by Mel Gorham, is particularly disturbed by Gabriela's wide -wide fascination, and becomes really turned upside down when Gabriela volunteers to clean the last scene of Blue Blood Killer - they are most in disorder,You see.
Without their knowledge, the last victim left something on the scene that would identify the blue blood killer, so he also heads there.
The comparison with Pulp Fiction earlier was not accidental - Quentin Tarantino produced this film, which started his life as a short film he saw during a film festival.
Apparently, Tarantino was so impressed that he helped Braddock convert it to a feature film.
There are other parallels - the Star of Curdled is Angela Jones (the best invoicing goes to William Baldwin, but really, Jones is the central character), who is probably better known for his role as Esmerelda Villalobos, theTaxi driver obsessed with death in Pulpfiction.
This role was written specifically for Jones according to his similar character in the aforementioned short film, Curdled Jr.
Jones is super curdled - she is wonderfully funny and maintains a naive curiosity with wide -eyed eyes about the murder without compromising the innocence or sympathy of her character.
She can express so much with an elevator of her eyebrow.
It is a great performance.
Reb Braddock's management is extremely sharp and intelligent, to follow the border between black humor and bad taste.
The best scene in the film is a scandalously funny sequence involves Jones and Dancing - any more than it would be a spoiler.
The opening credit sequence is also inventive and fun.
Of course, it is impossible to really take these kinds of things seriously, but again, you are not really supposed - Braddock knows that the public is on the joke, and makes it a little fun game accordingly.
Curdled's only downside is that he was based on a short film, and that's how it is; the material is simply stretched too thin in order to fill an operating time of the length of the functionality, and some parts seem to drag.
Although his operating time is already 94 minutes, he could really bear to lose about twenty minutes to give him a better pace.
Curdled seems intended to be a nice cult film for Miramax.
It will be interesting to see if it will also appeal to the general public.