This thing you do !, From the director for the first time Tom Hanks, is a pleasant story on a fictional group, The Wonders, which goes from a garage group to the group with the best -selling album in the country.
But, the question happens, the seduction of glory and fortune corrupt-it the group and will it lead them to another wonder, or will it be held and will they becomeThe next sensations for adolescents?
The "oneders", as they are originally known, have their first concert during a very short competition.
Jimmy, the main singer, wrote a catchy song and intends to play it in the competition.
But, shortly before the start of the competition, the current drummer is injured and a replacement is necessary.
Enter Guy Patterson, a qualified musician who is currently working in his father's household appliances shop and seeks to free himself from the restrictive clutches that bind him.
He seems to be integrated until the group goes on stage.
When they start to play, Guy's rhythm is far too fast and the rhythm is far for the planned song.
It seems that the group is sentenced to failure.
But, the "new" song is a success!
This leads to another concert, and quite early, the group has an agent.
He doesn't do too much for them, but they play their song on the radio.
Finally, Mr. White of Playtone Records approach the group, and he informs them that they want to publish a record.
Before being able to say "Billboard", the group is now renamed "The Wonders" and the members accelerate their way to glory.
The concerts improve, their fame increases and they have the best -selling album in the history of the Playtone records.
The group is invited to appear in a feature film, and they then fly to Hollywood to appear on television.
After the appearance on television, things are starting to collapse.
Two of the group members disappear roughly, and things do not work well between Jimmy and Guy.
Will the group work or separate and go on their own separate journeys towards success?
This thing you do !, With an original Nifty song that actually sounded authentic, is a fun and pleasant film which, although not becoming clear if he wants to be a comedy, a drama or a romance, is aLooking well on the world of the demusic world.
The beginnings of director of Tom Hanks were good and should lead to more work for him.