It shows that America remains ambivalent on the nature of its political system.
No major surprise, when J.S.Mill in his classic Victorian on Liberty could not be decided on liberal democracy either.
The Americans are forged by the archetypal paradox under which they exist, the supreme contradiction between the law of the one and the law of the majority.
It is not surprising that the most convincing films of Hollywood have often been on the fight of the individual -Underdog against a greater oppressive collective - witness Braveheart, born July 4, Rocky, First Blood, Clear and PresentDanger, JFK, the list continues.
There is little of them in Singapore - we are prohibited access to Playboy and Penthouse both on and offline, although the government is long worried that the youngest become "Americanized" and advocated individual rights and oppositionparliamentary.
People vs.larry Flynt locates the political debate in the largest social taboo in America - sex.
Does pornography have the right to exist and circulate?
Larry Flynt, the publisher of the magazine Hustler, thinks, and obviously also the U.S. Congress which rejected last month a bill to curb pornography on the net.
But even with such actions, the Americans remain undecided.
The Oscars apparently avoided the film because it was an embarrassing and sensitive lively.
What they have ignored is actually an excellent image.
Woody Harrelson as a main character resumes his role as to-Hell-With-Morality, To-Hell-With-The-Law, and TO-With-the-System Anti-Christ that we have seen for the last time inNatural killers.
And he is scandalous and convincing as a nihilist hidden who nevertheless likes his ex-strip-wife.
The latter is played with abandonment, conviction and sensitivity both by Courtney Love, which is the real star of the show and really snubbed with an appointment of the best actress of the Oscars, if not the price itself.
Edward Norton plays their jerky lawyer.
The relationship between Harrelson and Love highlights another great paradox - it is superficially immoral outsets that brought it; Woody is shot and paralyzes the size down, and Courtney dies of AIDS.
The damnation of God.
But in the powerful love they have for each other, each standing by the other, the two tracks highlight the question of how much the nihilist is always moralist and (in the American context) a Christian Christian, if he can love and care about it, and feel like anyone else on a personal level.
Friedrich Nietzsche spoke once the way in which the atheist must prove to be all the consequences of atheism by getting rid of all moral-Christian influences.
Go beyond good and evil.
It is a superb image, without a doubt, and I love it personally.
Because it moves, funny, ends with the open American optimism blah blah.
But I love it and I admire it because it comes from a beautiful American tradition which dares to raise difficult questions, and to doubt ideas and doctrines which otherwise are used as slogans.
There are moments when films go beyond the story they tell and reflect something hidden realities.
This film does not concern Larry Flynt so much, but on Americans and American society.