On the basis of this film alone, I would never have predicted that, in two years, Quentin Tarantino would become the greatest director of Hotshot in the country.
Reservoir Dogs has clues of the brilliance of Tarantino which emerged in Pulp Fiction, but is a story of crime much less substantial and more conventional than the Grand PF.
Here is what the two films have in common ...
-Intelligent and amusing dialogue -dialogue without relevance for the intrigue -a story that jumps over time rather than going to a logical chronological sequence -agricultural violence but necessary -a history of engaging crime -generous -geldeddies with a generous Dialogue withswear and racial / sexos insults
Reservoir Dogs is a short hour shorter than Pulp Fiction because it has only one story to tell rather than three.
The Lord of the Crime Joe Cabot (veteran actor Lawrence Tierney) gathered five criminals who have never even encountered to pull a robbery of the diamond store.
The five are invited not to reveal their real names or their personal details or all that the cops could use if one of them was captured and questioned.
Instead, they all receive code names on the color table - MR.WHITE (Keitel), MR.PINK (BUSCEMI), MR.Orange (Roth), MR.BLONDE (Michael Madsen), M.BROWN(Tarantino) and Mr.peach (Tarantino's chin).
Most of the operating time of the film has passed with Mr. Blanc and Rose waiting in a warehouse for the others to arrive.
M .Orange, on the other hand, is on the ground, dying of a ball injury.
The police had arrived at crime too early, which led White to believe that one of the five was an informant.
The context of history takes place through a series of flashbacks, crime itself and meetings between Joe and the criminals before the crime.
Finally, Blonde arrives with a police officer hostage, and the following is a really brutal and uncomfortable torture.
Let's just say that Picasso would be inspired by what blonde does in the cop ear.
Most of the time, tank dogs seem to be your typical gangster-Gone nonsense film, but there are a few sequences that are only Tarantino.
The coffee opening scene begins the film on a good note that the rest does not correspond, because criminals and Joe have a conversation, among others, philosophies and their interpretations of Madonna "Like Avierge."
Another scene implies a long story made from Roth to meet a group of cops and a police dog in a bathroom at the bus station while wearing a giant marijuana bag.
None of these has much conspiracy relevance but are not time to develop, such as the speech of the gold climb of Captain Koons in Pulp Fiction, only here these sequences are more pleasant than the rest of the film.
The tank dogs are good but it is not a fiction with dough.