In May 1977, only 2 years after Steven Spielberg's success with Jaws and 3 years after the godfather of Francis Coppolas, a risky and ambitious young director named George Lucas, opted for the same unpredictable success at the box office.
He did not know that Star Wars would become the greatest science fiction epic in the history of the film.
In January of this year, Lucas re -elected Star Wars to his 20th anniversary.
In this new remastered version, the additional effects, which range from tough desert animals inserted in photos already existing towards a new clumsy scene in which Hans Solo negotiates a little jam with a computer generated by computer, not do a lot butDraw attention to themselves.
Apart from them, the film is exactly the same.
Why pay to see him in the rooms, could you ask?
Simply because when this film was released, most of us were a few years old.
We should all get up and go to the movies for experience, especially if you haven't seen it.
The intrigue is basic but in the same way, complex.
He has a lot of themes, but the one who revolves around Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) and his quest to become a Jedi knight.
His mission begins when a droid named R2-D2 rests a secret message recorded by the beautiful Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher), who tells her to contact the mysterious Obi-Wan Kanoby (Alec Guinness).
He and Kanoby, then joined by two inter-galactic renegades, Hans Solo (Harrison Ford) and Chewbacca, and the two droids of Skywalker D2 and C3PO (The voice of Anthony Edwards), the wage war on the corrupt empire,Commanded by a general bad guy (Peter Cushing) and the traitor Dark Vader (the voice of James Earl Jones).
Skywalker beats the evil empire by leaving himself to kiss something bigger: strength.
The film is obviously quite starry.
But how was Lucas to know that Ford would become one of Hollywood's most sought after and that Jones' voice would still appear in the future?
It just worked for him.
The magic of Star Wars lies in the way in which the triumph of Skywalker is symbolized by the feeling of the public to become something bigger than life itself - a universe of fans, young and old, recreating a cinematographic atmosphere that will impressgenerations forever.
 ,,