Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace Review
A review by Jamey Hughton Stars)
Starring-Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman and Jake Lloyd Director-George Lucas have evaluated G
With all the media threshing that Star Wars: Episode 1- The Phantom Threate has received, it seems almost impossible to avoid the interest of seeing the film.
The film is easily the most anticipated film of all time, with such a strong marketing campaign that it brought together Colonel Sanders, Taco Bell Chihuahua and Pizza Hut.
Can George Lucas still succeed by transporting us a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far ....?
Yes. This prequel to Star Wars can be the worst of the group, with an amateur dialogue and a global lack of humanity.
But that does not mean that it does not comply on the basis of solid entertainment.
The ghost threat presents the most catchy and breathtaking visual look of cinematographic history.
The tremendous action sequences will make you hang on to your rest on the arm, and the special effects are simply the best (and the most abundant) to be taken in shooting.
The vast digitized worlds and the pure imagination that has been applied to this project is amazing.
The ghost threat is a delicious party for the senses, even if it has disappointing aspects.
After we have treated the famous prologue of heaven, with the tonnitrant partition of John Williams, we meet Qu-Gon Jonn (Liam Neeson) and the young Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor), a Jedi master and his trainee `Padawan ''.
They are on the ship that adapt to the siege of the fleet for the Trade federation, and were sent to settle disputes concerning the taxation of commercial roads to the planet of Naboo.
Oh, but enough about it.
The main concern of this prequel is to present the young Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd) in the image.
As you already know, this apparently charming boy is the boy who will soon become Dark Vader.
A spectacular breed in vintages soon arrives below.
This particular race is the most exciting, energetic and high octane action sequence that you will never see.
One of the delights of the series is to meet the most recent set of strange extraterrestrial creatures that Lucas has designed, and the ghost threat is no exception.
I loved Sebulba, the rattherat in the shape of a rat that Anakin has to face in the breed of the grecks, and the boss Nass, the chief of the gungans (which are a neighboring species in Naboo).
A character who was subjected to criticism is Jar-Jar Binks, a member of the Gungan race.
Jar-Jar speaks like Roger Rabbit on a hallucinogenic drug, and is there for the sole purpose of providing comic relief.
Yes, he is initially boring, but I can admit that I have laughed at some of his harmless and clumsy puffy.
There is a lack of dramatic attraction in this Star Wars entrance, but the presentation almost makes you forget the intrigue and the losses of character.
The last battle of light saber, between the Jedi and the horrible villain (and in the terminal phase) Dark Maul, is spectacular to see.
Jabba Le Hutt, Yoda, C-3PO and R2-D2 have appearances by Camée.
Lucas has not forgotten how to captivate an audience, even if his last shows are obvious signs of fatigue.
One can only wonder what possible technology will present for the next two payments, I and II of the episode.
When they arrive, you will know where to find me.