Stendhal syndrome: a condition where, in the presence of art, a person becomes engulfed in a painting and hallucinous and can then suffer from symptoms such as depression, suicidal behavior and personality disorder.
Grim Stuff, of course, but the subject of a remarkable film of the master of Italian horror Dario Argento.
Benefiting from an unforgettable soundtrack from the grandfather of Ennio Morricone film music, Stendhal syndrome is a fairly magnificent return to the form for Argento.
He followed his disappointing American beginnings (1992), the Opera Patchy (1987) and several mediocre films he produced for the young Italian director Michele Soavi in the late 1980s.
Based on the novel by Graziella Magherini, the film features the daughter of Argento Asia as a young inspector of the Roman police Anna Manni in pursuit of a brutal rapist.
By visiting Florence to follow several tracks, she is attracted to the killer Alfredo (Thomas Kretschmann) to an art gallery, a favorite lair where he hopes to identify exactly who is on his tail.
At the gallery, Anna is overwhelmed by painting and fainting.
Having a passer -by, Alfredo briefly comes to his help and having now identified his pursuer, a strange game of cat and mouse begins.
A captivating story evolves, and also coherent, which may surprise those who know the often lumpy stories of Argento.
Stendhal syndrome is not a simple cop hunter scenario.
This is a disturbing and often convincing study of the psychological disintegration of the central character.
The script explores its psycho-sexual themes with intelligence and frankness, perhaps too much for more sensitive viewers.
But as dark as its themes are, Stendhal syndrome appears to be one of the most clever and effective European thrillers of the last ten years.
Argento works again in his native Italy, and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for symbolic declarations and as starting points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences.
Whiz effects, Sergio Stivalitti, serves its director here, and the cinematography of Giuseppe Rotunno is always excellent.
The 20 minutes of opening the film are between hallucination, flashback and real time with a great style.
Proof that, at its most inspired, Argento remains one of the most exhilarating filmmakers in the world.
The cast is generally good, although sometimes embarrassed by the dubbing in English which makes speech almost without emotion.
The performance of Asia Argento is in turn risky, clumsy and fascinating.
It is a difficult role, and given its relative inexperience on the screen, it deserves applause for its efforts.
Thomas Kretschmann is effective like Alfredo, and Marco Leonardi (from Cinema Paradiso, and perhaps the most magnificent man in Italy) is correct as anna work colleague and an increasingly confused love interest.
But perhaps the most striking element of Stendhal syndrome is Ennio Morricone's soundtrack.
Active since the 1960s, Morricone has scored more than 100 films in his career and this must assess as one of his best efforts.
It is above all a variation on the theme: a slow circular melody for the strings and the female voice without words possessed with an extraordinary and haunting beauty which persists long after.
Argento and Morricone have been working together for three decades.
It is a long reception meeting.
If the film has a fault, it is because the last half hour drags a little and that the film does not entirely reach a completely satisfactory culminating point.
But through the closing scenes, Stendhal syndrome has already offered us enough to qualify as one of the best films in Dario Argento's career.
 * Note: See the uncounted impression of Japanese laserdisc if you can.
DUBS of this version is available from various video dealers on the World Wide Web.