While Alex Browning (Devon Sawa) is waiting for JFK to leave for a school trip to Paris, the bad omens seem to surround him.
As soon as he loops on the plane, he has a vision of the plane that explodes a few seconds after takeoff.
When the vision begins to come true, Alex buckles for the door, dragging several students and a teacher in his wake.
The plane takes off without them and explodes as Alex predicted it.
It becomes an object of fear and suspicion among the community, and the tension only increases when the survivors begin to die.
Alex and another survivor, Clear Rivers (Ali Larter), investigate the "suicide" suspect of a friend, and a mortician (Tony "Candyman" Todd) incorporates them into the truth: Alex interrupted the conception of death insaving people who should have died of the explosion, and death will want to claim its legitimate victims.
In order to save himself and the others, Alex will have to understand the new plan of Death and thwart him.
Among the countless horror films that have contributed for a song from the public "Scream", the final destination "is the best to date.
The young talented screenwriter Jeffrey Reddick offers a new variation on a familiar formula.
We have seen hundreds of films where a group of adolescents is assassinated one by one by one faceless slasher, but Reddick cuts the man from the masked environment to hockey and killed the villain himself.
The director for the first time James Wong took advantage of this premise.
Each scene is imbued with goosebumps and feelings, reminding us that death is everywhere, can come at any time.
Everyday objects and events vibrate with the threat.
Doom's most fun sign: "Rocky Mountain High" by John Denver, who is played several times in the film before someone dies.
 (The link is that Denver died in a plane crash, and the song includes a line on fire in the sky.)
The performance is stronger than those usually caused by the horror adolescent.
Devon Sawa, who previously played in another horror film, "Idle Hands", gives a frantic and convincing lead performance.
Kerr Smith is Carter Hogan, an Alex antagonist whose rapid temperament has the deadly plan removed.
Smith plays Carter as filled with anger and confusion that constantly threatens to boil in violence.
Seann William Scott, who is also in theaters at the moment in "Road Trip", plays the somewhat dark Billy Hitchcock and provides a necessary counterpoint to the intensity of Alex and Carter.
Tony Tony Todd's Camée One Scene is delicious but too brief.
Conclusion: Films for fear of viewable adolescents are rare, but this destination deserves to be visited.