Why do so many children's films treat their target audience with total contempt?
Too of those who write or make for children's films assume that children simply cannot manage serious and thoughtful discussions on significant questions.
 "The Iron Giant", which was directed and co-written by Brad Bird, at the end of an animated series such as "The Simpsons" and "King of the Hill", assumes that not only children can manage suchDiscussions, but they can do it, while being entertained at the same time.
 "The Iron Giant" is absolutely no contempt for young people from the public, making it a film that is pleasant for children and adults.
Hogarth Hughes (Voice of Eli Marienthal) is a fiery young boy who lives with his single mother who works hard, Annie (Jennifer Aniston), in a small town in Maine.
After standing late and watched scary films one evening, his mother is absent, Hogarth spreads into the forest to investigate what stole his antenna and ruined his televised reception.
He comes across a giant robot (Diesel wine) of the space that eats metal for food.
After saving the robot, nicknamed The Iron Giant, from electricity, Hogarth became friends with the creature and takes it in a way as a pet.
Due to the damage he suffered from landing, the giant forgot what his original mission was, so he follows Hogarth as a lost puppy.
Realizing that he cannot simply keep the giant in a barn all the time, and that the giant needs food, he takes him to a junkyard belonging to Dean (Harry Connick Jr.), An eccentric artist who brings togetherSculptures from Ferson free time.
It soon becomes obvious that Dean and Hogarth cannot keep the giant secret forever, because a government of the government named Kent Mansley (Christopher McDonald) was brought to investigate mysterious observations in the surrounding forest region and consider the giant as aThreat to NationalSecurity.
He suspects that Hogarth knows something about the giant and settles in Hogarth's house as a tenant.
Meanwhile, the giant begins to show disturbing behavior that suggests that it has been built to be any weapon.
 "The Iron Giant" is exactly what family films should be because he does not speak to his audience.
The story is simple, very simple, on a foreign being who abandons heaven and befriends a young boy.
It is very similar to the Spielberg classic "E. T."And such comparisons are in fact deserved in the case of "The Iron Giant."
The film contains many best elements of Spielberg's film, such as the ability to be sentimental without becoming Sappy.
The film provides several serious messages, the most important of which is the ability to choose your own fate.
Hogarth teaches the giant to go against its programming and to become what he wants to be: a hero.
The final sequence is touching and appropriate, although I do not give it, I would say that very few will be disappointed.
The animation, although it is not up to Disney standards (what could be, after "Tarzan"?), Is good enough to make you forget that you look at a cartoon.
The giant is proposed by computer, while the human characters are all hand -fired.
The faces of the characters are fairly well made, designed realistically to make personalities credible, but the features are exaggerated in order to allow caricatural expressions which allow comic relief.
Fine voice work is rendered by young Eli Marienthal as Hogarth, and Jennifer Aniston is surprisingly convincing as a waitress mother.
Harry Connick Jr. Follow a beautiful characterization as a dean, and I really appreciated the vocal work of John Mahoney (to "prasier" on television) as the army general called by agent Mansley.
Unlike several cartoon characteristics, each character is in fact a developed personality, rather than stereotype, and is in fact an integral part of the intrigue, rather than being a S Uperfulu Comic-Siliet Sidekick (a cliché? Disney has still not abandoned).
Dean, for example, could have been a stereotypical beatnik (his character profile seems to suggest it), but he is presented as a character with real emotions, thoughts and motivations.
Even the heavy agent and Mansley, is not a villain who does bad things simply because he wants, but by his own fear and his paranoia.
A lesser animated feature would have resulted in thin stereotypes and understand that the children will not care, but "The Iron Giant" has clearly put some work to make the characters real, and that is chargeable.
However, the film is not there to deliver heavy messages.
It is also very funny, and humor is the type that children and adults will appreciate.
The scenes in which Hogarth teaches the giant to do certain things, such as diving into a swimming pool, are well managed, and director Brad Bird clearly has a feeling of comic synchronization, having worked on "Simpsons" for many years.
A sequence where Hogarth and Mansley try to "overcome" while trying to stay awake is very well synchronized, and also extremely intelligent.
The film even takes blows to American nuclear paranoia during the early stadiums of the Cold War, satirizing the lame safety films shown to the students of the school who tell them to "hide and cover" in the event of an attacknuclear.
 "The Iron Giant" has much more a satirical edge than most family films, and the avant-garde humor is actually quite refreshing.
Instead of seeing people get breadpower on their heads, we get smart and intelligent gags that seem to have required a certain imagination.
When you get there, "The Iron Giant" is nothing more than the story of a boy and his robot.
The story is so simple, so picturesque, that it finally becomes charming.
Although I appreciate the complex plot of the film Noir as much as the next person, with regard to family entertainment, simple is the way to follow.
This is akin to one of these bedtime stories that your father told you that has made you hang on to each word, but it is not the story that puts the film above others of this kind, butRather the elements that enter the story, namely the true and thoughtful characters, that "The Iron Giant" has a shovel.