It is terribly regrettable that "Sting of Echoes", carefully written and directed by David Koepp (who made one of the unknown treasures of 1996, "The Trigger Effect"), should be released a little more than a month later "The Sixth Sense ", which is all in the box office.
These two films will undoubtedly be compared (to judge by practically all my colleagues members of the public last night), and although they have strangely similar stories, "Stir of Echoes" is more a film of simple psychological horror, while "the sixth sense" is closer to a psychological drama.
In addition, while "The Sixth Sense" was shocked by an end which has undoubtedly been one of the main factors of its recent repeated affair, "Sign of Echoes" is more conventional and predictable in its final touch.
And where "the sixth sense" was disturbing, Sign of Echos "is simply frightening.
I have the feeling that most viewers will leave without impression because of the inevitable similarities, and will therefore forget to judge this film on its own respectable merits.
Adapted from a novel by Richard Matheson which was written about forty years ago, "Stir of Echoes" opens with a pretty six -year -old boy named Jake (Zachary David Cope) who takes a bath.
He speaks directly on the screen, but we immediately have the feeling that someone else is there.
Finally, he asks: "Does it hurt to be dead?"
Apparently, Jake sees the ghosts of the dead, but unlike "The Sixth Sense", this young child is not at the center of the image.
Instead, Tom Witzy (Kevin Bacon), a Chicago line player, is our protagonist.
Jake is his son, and Maggie (Kathryn Erbe), who has just discovered that she is six weeks pregnant, is his wife who works hard.
One night, during a party with their closest friends, Tom convinces the sister of the New Age of Maggie, Lisa (Illena Douglas), to try to hypnotize it.
It works unexpectedly, and shortly after, Tom sees things that he would not see normally, including a deceased teenager (Jenny Morrison) in her house that has disappeared for six months.
While looking for Lisa's help, she tells him that, when he was under hypnosis, she told him that after waking up, her mind will remain clear and free, like an open door.
She did not expect it to work, but this is the case, and the only way to stop it is for Tom to find a way to help this girl he sees.
 "Stir des Échos" is not a perfect film by any section of imagination, but in the thick atmospheric mood that it evokes, it is a terribly strange domestic horror drama, and n 'is not only effective on the technical level, but but is impressive in its representation of a workers' family in difficulty.
Kevin Bacon and, in particular, Kathryn Erbe ("Dream with the Fishes" of 1997), are of first order and extremely credible as a married married couple who nevertheless have their fair share of problems.
After Tom is hypnotized and begins to see horrible visions, he is completely taken care of by his desire to solve this mystery of the missing girl that he saw hiding in his house, and instead of Maggie not understanding,Rather, she believes what Tom says, and in addition to being a little worried by what he is going through, does not try to stop his prosecution.
Bacon and Erbe are not traditional Hollywood stars like Tom Cruise and Julia Roberts, and therefore are easier to understand and always plausible as a couple in difficulty who have to do overtime to their just work to reach both ends.
In a sequence masterfully made and bewitching, Tom is hypnotized by Lisa, but instead of looking at him, we see rather what he sees, starting from his sight when he closes his eyes in the dark.
Lisa tells him to visualize being in an empty cinema, and therefore, as members of the public, let's look at a cinema screen from the interior of a theater, which also shows a cinema screen in a theater.
say hi M To get closer to the screen as a blurred word in black letters appears on the screen, we are starting to float more and more towards the theater until we seethat the word is "sleep".
Never before I saw a scene of hypnotism as being fascinating and brilliantly built as this one.
To tell the truth, this move, and another in which Tom wakes up from a nightmarish dream to quickly discover that he relives what he has just dreamed of, is worth the price full of admission alone, just to see them on the big screen.
Having fun with her little role as Maggie's sister, Lisa, Illeana Douglas ("To Die For" from 1995, her last great character) is a delight, but rarely used to his advantage in the feature films.
Funny and appreciably offbeat, Douglas manages to pronounce the best line in the film: while speaking to Maggie about the visions of the girl's Tom, she notices: "I would not be worried to see another girl, although the fact that shebe dead give a break. "
It is also advisable to note Jenny Morrison ("intersection" of 1994), who is really poignant in the last half of the film when we turn around to see what has really happened to her missing character, and Liza Weil, remarkable in "AllWho "the teenage sister in mourning of Morrison, Debbie.
If the resolution of "Stirs of Echoes" is not up to its full potential obviously frightening (and this is not the case), which comes before is both involving and appropriate.
The musical score, by James Newton Howard, and the disturbing use of whispers and ghostly sound effects, compliment and prefigure the frame of the quirky spirit that Tom is put, and the director David Koepp proves once again that heis realized with a talent to create almost unbearable situations that revolve around realistic characters.
 "Stirs of Echoes" is not as good as "the sixth sense", but why should it be?
The two films are entirely able to stand on their two feet, and "Stir of Echoes" is really a good thorny horror film.