People who love science fiction are often faced with unpleasant surprises due to the inappropriate labeling of novels, stories, comics or films.
Often, science fiction aficionados find material, previously labeled like science fiction, as a pure fantasy or a supernatural horror, or a rather simple techno-Thriller.
In such cases, errors are understandable - gender limits are never clear.
But, I believe that there is really few cases where a film labeled like a science fiction is in fact a hetero historical epic.
Such a thing happened in the former Yugoslavia about fifteen years ago, when national distributors gave such treatment to the right things, a film of 1983 directed by Philip Kaufman.
The distributors' error could be explained with the fact that the official poster of the film presents men in space costume.
But the right film of stuff is not even a fiction.
It was based on Tom Wolfe's non-fiction book, covering the first-year program of the American space program.
The film's intrigue begins in 1947 when few people have heard of Edwards Air Force Base, a major test site for experimental planes.
The main objective of test flights is to determine the capacity of inhabited planes to reach 1 machine at speed and thus break the sound barrier.
Many pilots have tried to achieve this goal and many paid with their lives for such a bravado.
But a silent pilot, Chuck Eager (played by Sam Shaped) succeeds and thus gives an example to the whole new generation of test pilots, determined to enter the history books by breaking new speed records.
Ten years later, the Soviets launched "Sputnik" marking the start of the space era.
In order to resume national prestige, the American government decides to be the first to send man to space.
The best Air Force, Navy and Navy pilots are recruited in the program, but not Yeager, because there is a lack of college studies and wished the American image.
In one of the reviews of criticism, the right things were named among the 10 best films made in the 1980s.
Such a high position could be explained with the fact that Kaufman's film seems atypical enough for its time.
With more than three hours of epic length and scope, it seemed more suitable for the 1950s and 1960s - age when Hollywood made films bigger than life.
But the real reason lies in the fact that it was made by a really remarkable and talented filmmaker.
Philip Kaufman created the reputation in the 1970s using all the opportunities of this golden age in order to create original and memorable films.
The good things were the last of them, Swan Song of an era when producers allowed directors to spend big dollars for unusual and artistic projects ".
The right things are unusual because there are many standard elements of the Hollywood film.
The layout is almost nonexistent and not very coherent; the story, featuring many interesting incidents and anecdotes, is concentrated from the old generation of test pilots, embodied in Yeager, to the new generation of astronauts.
The film also lacks a conventional protagonist - Yeager (which also appears in the little cameo) remains the real hero of the film, but an equal time and exhibition are also given to other astronauts and their women, making this film a songoverall.
This gave Kaufman the opportunity to use a multitude of large actor talents, until it specializes only for bits or characters.
Sam Shepard is great like Yeager, war heroes the greatest success - the cylinder head of the sound barrier - has remained obscured in history books, probably because of his own modesty.
On the surface, he lacks personality compared to his colleagues of proven and more lucky astronauts, but Shepard gives texture to this character with subtle gestures and sentences.
Shepard's performance is followed with a big game of Ed Harris as a Marine at the Clean Cup (and future politician) John Glenn.
The young Dennis Quaid is more than well as an arrogant fighter Jock Gordo Cooper, and this arrogance is reflected in his friend and the most tragic fig Re de Virgil Grissom, superbly played by Fred Ward.
The actor of a character always reliable Scott Glenn provides a certain comic relief as a navy vector and (no doubt) the first American man in the Alan Shepard space.
Kaufman has left room so that female talents also excelled - Barbara Hershey, Pamela Reed, Veronica Cartwright and Mary Jo Deschanel are great as pilot women.
Royal Dano is also impressive as a threatening figure of the preacher, but the most memorable performances belong to Donald Moffat as Vice-President Lyndon B.Johnson and Jane Dornacker as an infirmière Murch.
A great act of actor assembled for this film was reflected with the superb direction of Kaufman.
The most notable of all is the methods that Kaufman uses to suggest time.
The start of the film shows living test pilots in the middle of the desert, as virtual incons, far from strict rules and discipline.
Everything seems natural - Yesager can be engaged in riding a few meters from the fastest and most precious plane in the world.
In this context, it is completely normal for important technical problems to be resolved with a simple chainsaw and that the test pilots do not report their broken ribs before most flights.
But times are changing; the alliance of the Second World War with the USSR is replaced by the Cold War, and "natural" pilots as Yeager must be replaced by more disciplined and conventional pilots.
All their life becomes an objective of media frenzy, and their work is subject to strict rules, meticulous plans and they must fight bureaucrats, politicians in search of advertising and carefree scientists (like the former Nazi expertFrom the Nazi Werner von Braun rocket, played by Scott Beach) only) to preserve their most fundamental human dignity.
This contrast is underlined with the beautifully edited sequence - while Yeager leads his final and spectacular test flight in absolute darkness, astronauts of "mercury" receive glory and a fortune, although some of themBefore going to space.
These contrasts and similar effects are obtained with the superb use by Kaufman of poetic language.
The publishing is great, and the photograph of Caleb Deschanel provides many memorable scenes such as the funeral of the desert or astronauts in their costumes walking in idle (the same image would be copied in many last films).
Although Kaufman appreciated the support of NASA and the American army, which provided authentic locations and period equipment, he still had to use special effects in order to simulate space flights.
These effects are excellent and they can always deceive the public accustomed to CGI and real sequences of the land of space.
Another beautiful contribution of this film is the musical partition reinforced by "Oscar" by Bill Conti; I always tremble with excitation each time I hear it.
It is accompanied by the use of Holst and Debussy.
Some of the songs used in the background also provide an authentic atmosphere of the historic period.
This film is great and its cult status is well deserved, but there are minor faults.
Some of the astronauts "Mercury" are not sufficiently expanded (although they are played by beautiful actors, like Henriksen launches).
The film also lacks appropriate closure.
On the other hand, the most logical conclusion of the film - landing on the moon - would require that this film lasts more than six hours.
In addition, some criticisms were inclined to attack this film as too improving and hard for the Russians, which were described as evil monsters, just in line with the rhetoric of the Cold War most of Reagan America.
In certain contemporary interviews, Kaufman defended this approach by affirming that he wanted to make the film as authentic as possible, and to do this, he portrays the Russians not as they were in real life, but as they were perceived byThe Americans at the start of the first 1960.
Time has passed; now we do not see astronauts as heroes.
In this era of generalized satellite communications and routine spatial missions, these men and women in spa Combinations are considered just maintenance workers.
Few young boys want to be astronauts when they grow up.
But this film, a sentimental reminder of the time "When Future started", could perhaps encourage at least some of them to follow in the footsteps of astronauts "Mercury" to seek new borders in the sky.
And even if they decide to stay on earth, they could always appreciate good things as an extraordinary piece of cinema.