I have never been a big fan of Jeff Bridges, but I loved him in the Big Lebowski.
The game of Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski would have been written specifically with bridges in mind, and the adjustment is perfect.
The guy is an unemployed resident of Los Angeles, a hippie slob in a bowlingal team with a weakness for white Russians.
He takes advantage of a quiet soaking in the bathtub when two thugs enter his apartment asking to be paid for the money that his wife owes.
After a lot of plea, he convinced them that they have the bad guy, but not before urinating on his carpet.
The guy assumes that these "collection agents" were after another Jeff Lebowski, a famous millionaire who also lives in L. One. He will therefore meet his homonym to ask for enough money to replace his carpet.
The millionaire refuses, but reminds him when he discovers that his wife was kidnapped.
He wants the guy to act as an intermediary for the Kidnapers.
The guy and his friend Walter (John Goodman) assume the task and get caught in a complex canvas of Kidnapers, Millionaires, High school students, nihilists, artists, pornographers, thoroughs and league.
Comedy may be the most subjective genres, so take my recommendation as you will: for me, the Big Lebowski is very funny.
It is an incredibly successful comedy, the relationship of laughter to jokes intended for most films.
Not only are the two tracks (bridges and goodman) are funny separately and together, but each support character is a refreshing comic figure.
All the characters find themselves like jokes, but the jokes are always deserved and never artificial.
Each person can be a comic caricature, but there is always a respectful acceptance that allows us to laugh at these people without condescension.
The characters are firmly established and they never change their behavior for a quick and inexpensive laugh.
This is not what they are doing that is funny, who they are, which is why the game is so important and so successful, in this film.
John Turturro should be mentioned as Jesus (it is Jee-Zus, not Hay-Soos), the fatty launcher who is in a vigorous marriage with the game; Julianne Moore as a post-pos-feminist artist whoseThe work was described as "vaginal", Steve Buscemi as the impatient bowling player Taguling who is constantly reprimanded and ignored by the teammates MEC and WALTER; and Sam Elliott as the disjointed and long -term narrator.
Aside from performances, which makes all the characters funny and interesting is the clever dialogue.
People lose trains of thought, they interrupt, they boast, they repeat themselves, they repeat their friends ...
They seem natural.
Taken with Fargo, the last film of the Coen brothers, it is proven that the brothers are attentive listeners and gifted writers.
Ethan Coen is not only good to direct the actors, he is also good in the technical staging.
He and Cinematographr Roger Deakins have created a magnificent world on the film.
Maybe "beautiful" is the bad word; nihilists, carpet tablecloths and thugs are not objects of beauty.
But Bowling photography and a series of fantastic Viking / Bowling dream sequences are photographed with love, as if the guy himself was in charge of immortalizing them on the film.
All around, the Big Lebowski is a great solid comedy.
Exceptional theater, writing, management and photography are all combined to make it a great comic success.