James Jones, one of the main novelists in the middle of the 20th century, wrote a number of fictitious works on the effects of war on the individual.
Veteran of the Second World War, and witness the bombing of Pearl Harbor, his novels are not only anchored in realism but of a poetic nature.
They recall Stephen Crane in their blunt eloquence, a line that lends itself to the razor lens.
But perhaps no one corresponds to the scope of his autobiographical novel, The Thin Red Line; now a film masterpiece of director Terrence Malick.
The main distribution of the book, around thirty characters, was cut for this interpretation, but it always retains its most endearing value.
Each of the roles has a quality of everyone, emphasizing the Jones examination of the Second World War on the American soldier.
There is a final chain of command present, and this also plays on the motivations of the distribution.
But above all, and perhaps intrinsic to the novel but not in the film, a dynamic and effective voiceover is used.
Malick has several characters connecting their thoughts, giving the spectator a greater perspective of the problems at stake.
The problems at stake are numerous and one.
Said from a third-person limited point of view (as opposed to a view from top to bottom and omniscient), the film implies the fight of an American infantry company ("C-For-Charlie") to takeA hill during the conflict at Guadalcanal.
The South Pacific island is considered by superior brass as the key position for the American armed forces to hold if they want to win the war.
And want to win the war they have.
In excellent performance, Nick Nolte plays Commander C-For-Charlie, LT.COL.Gordon TALL.
He is an aging soldier who embodies the Win-At-All-Cost mentality, if only to impress his superior (John Travolta, in a dubious cameo).
This philosophy is opposed to that of Captain Bugger Staros (Elias Koteas), who very much appreciates the life of each of the men under his command.
At the front are the soldiers and the corporals (Adrien Brody, James Caviezel, Ben Chaplin, et al), led by the 1st SGT.
Welsh (Sean Penn), who must actually execute the suicide orders transmitted to them.
The fine red line is filled with intense visual poetry, but it lasts almost three hours.
Although the level of interest is high during the first two hours, the culmination arrives forty-five minutes before the end of the film; it goes without saying that the film drags on the back.
The fine red line will undoubtedly be compared to the other masterpiece of the 1998 war, which will save in the private Ryan an incalculable number of times.
But to do it is to minimize the two films, because although the similarities abound, the differences too.
The director Malick has a story to tell, and for those who wish to listen, it can be a very remarkable film.