Being the self -proclaimed professional film critic that I am, I am somewhat embarrassed to admit that I had not seen Lawrence of Arabia (soon to come to DVD) until recently.
After all, it is considered by almost everyone to be the epic of the masterpiece of director David Lean, who also made films such as Bridge on the River Kwai and Doctor Zhivago.
So, one day, one of my friends lent me a copy of the video and I sat and I watched it.
I was initially skeptical that something had done almost 40 years ago could keep my attention for the gunshots 3 and a half hours of its duration.
But now, I understand perfectly why it has become the film against which other epic films are tried - the winner of the seven Oscars in 1963 for the best film, director, editing, cinematography, artistic direction, music and sound.
After watching the film again, I am convinced that it is simply one of the best works of cinematographic genius to ever light up the big screen.
Based on the autobiographical writing of the British officer T.E.
Lawrence During the First World War, Lawrence of Arabia depicts Lawrence (played by the actor then unknown Peter O'Toole) as a lieutenant devoid of military discipline.
Bored with its assignment of coloring cards for the British army in a building in the weakly lit managers, Lawrence jumps at the opportunity to be reassigned as an observer of an Arab prince who fights against the Turkish army.
Lawrence quickly sees how interesting these inhabitants of the desert can be and end up rallying the various tribes to fight the Turks and help the British turn the wave of the First World War.
Shot in the famous super 70 mm format of Panavision, the film illustrates beautifully the definition of the word epic.
It is absolutely breathtaking.
Using cinematography, costume and breathtaking direction, shot in the most uninhabitable place on the face of the earth, I can only imagine what it had to be to sit in a theater in 1962 and lookThis story takes place before my eyes.
Each blow is choreographed as a portrait - a tribute living in a large land.
David Lean put his reputation on the line to finish this film, and the fact that it was even enlightened in the first place called something on the ideology of the cinema industry at the time, far from its pathetic existence andnon -creative today.
After watching the film, the first thing that came to my mind was: "I have to make a remake of this film!"
But I thought of trying to present the idea to a modern cinema chief: "Okay, it will last almost four hours and shoot three months on the spot in the Sahara desert.
We will have to explode a full -scale train because the effects generated by computer will probably not do it justice.
And we are not going to use big stars, and we will not have female actors because there is no love story. "
Yes, my friends, the velvet curtain fell on the golden era of Hollywood a long time ago.
But at least we always have proof to show all potential producers and directors there how good a film can be.