Apocalypse Now, based on the novel "Hearts of Darkness", is an extremely striking, captivating and horrible representation of the Vietnam War from another angle.
A long debate surrounded this film as if it were in fact an anti-war film.
In many ways, this debate could go in both directions.
Apocalypse now is probably one of the most memorable Vietnam war films ever made.
In addition, the film has now gone to the extremes that this film makes - a worrying look at corruption and the terrifying effects of the most devastating war in recent years.
Apocalypse now follows the captain of the mission Benjamin L.Willard, played by Martin Sheen, to search and eliminate Colonel Walter E.Kurtz, a green beret that would have gone mad and set up his own militant base in Cambodia.
Captain Willard is sentenced to murdering Kurtz with "extreme prejudices" because he was considered a murderer.
Willard accepts his mission, but not by reflecting on the accusation.
According to someone to murder in this situation is like "distributing speeding tickets to Indy 500", as he says.
It doesn't make much sense.
The escort on mission is a group of men who operate a river boat.
The men are chiefs (Frédéric Forrest), chef (Albert Hall), launches Johnson (Sam Bottoms) and MR.Clean (Un Laurence Fishburne, fifteen years old).
Willard is ordered not to let them know exactly what his mission is, but they all know that it is something big.
Men meet many exciting, dangerous and bizarre situations.
But no situation is more bizarre than the infamous Napalm scene with a very eccentric Robert Duvall as Lieutenant-Colonel Kilgore.
Kilgore decides to attack and exceed a certain beach so that its men can surf.
surf .
All of this is inspired when Kilgore is able to meet the famous California surfer launches Johnson.
The representation of Duvall as Lieutenant-Colonel Kilgore is great and, it provides a certain number of memorable quotes.
Finally, Captain Willard meets the frightening community of Colonel Kurtz full of strange things wherever you look at, especially his supporters.
One of his main disciples is an independent photographer (Dennis Hopper) who tries to transmit situations in Willard.
But Willard cannot understand the madness that encompasses the colony.
Kurtz is actually well aware of Willard's mission and describes him as "racing boy sent by grocery clerks to collect a bill".
However, Willard intends to finish his mission, no matter the shocking things that Kurtz does.
Apocalypse Now, perhaps one of the greatest films ever made, is an amazing vision in the madness that corresponds to the Vietnam War.
A film that will hypnotize you with its shiny cinematography, Apocalypse Now is an exceptional epic drama on the controversial and horrible ravages of war.
Certainly on the "Don't miss" list.
Be ready for a very memorable film.