Shakespeare. You have barely understood it in high school.
Why would you like more now that your English note does not count on it?
If it is your attitude, I will say right away that the hamlet of Kenneth Branagh is probably not for you, and you could just as well stop reading now.
If, however, you are a bard lover, or at the very least, you are open to a difficult script, read the rest, because there is something rotten in the state of Denmark.
Namely, the king died, and his widow the queen married the king's brother, Claudius, but Prince Hamlet suspects a bad game.
His suspicions are confirmed when his father's ghost appears and connects the story of his murder in the hands of his own brother.
Hamlet, recruiting the help of his friend Horatio, conspired to capture the consciousness of the new king to expose his betrayal .... and
The game is in progress ....
The first things you notice about this production are sets and costumes.
With external scenes filmed at the Blemheim Palace in England (also one of the recent the Avengers sites), the grand quality of the frame is immediately established.
The interior scenes are also honored with rooms and complex and flamboyant rooms.
The Grand Throne Salle of Hamlet Castle is an impressive work incorporating high ceilings, mirror panel doors and bridges that connect the opposite sides of a loft on the second floor.
The costume is also large, based both on history and imagination.
Not quite Denmark of the 1600s, the outfit of the characters is in a way a cross between this era and the turning point of the century of Russia, very effectively giving the film a timeless feeling.
It is not surprising that Tim Harvey and Alexandra Byrne were nominated for the best artistic direction and the best costume design Oscars, respectively.
In addition to the staging, Kenneth Branagh also plays the title of title.
As a royal heir focused on revenge, Branagh offers a fascinating performance of high and emotional stockings.
From the anticipation of seeing the ghost of his father, to the melancholy of finding the place of burial of his childhood buffoon, to his possible anger, Branagh delivers to the shovel.
Each scene really revolves around Hamlet, as much a tribute to Branagh's game and the realization of the Shakespeare manuscript.
Hamlet seems to be a who's who of players trained Shakespearians, so watching them interpreted the profession for which they have a lot of love is a delight in itself.
Julie Christie, as a mother of Hamlet, Gertrude, and Derek Jacobi as a murderous NEW CLAUDIUS superbly fill the classic roles, just like many support players.
Kate Winslet as a love of Hamlet Ophelia, does an exceptional work demonstrating the song of the character to the depths of despair and madness.
Richard Briers as the father of Ophelia, Polonius, and Michael Moloney as a brother, Laertes, are also convincing.
Nicholas Farrell as a confidence of Hamlet, Horatio, and Timothy Spall and Reece Dinsdale as Rosencrantz and Guildenstern with two timing complete the excellent basic cast.
Hamlet also seems to be a film in which someone has tried to stuff as many well -known actors as possible.
In some cases, this has made interesting scenes.
Billy Crystal is surprisingly good as a grave that finds Yorick's skull, which Hamlet knew very well.
Crystal turns out to be able to deliver the lines with the moment of a classic actor and the verbal face of an actor, and the result is a very funny scene.
However, Charleton Heston, that many might think that the Shakespeare massacre, is the biggest surprise of all.
As a king player, leader of a troop of itinerant actors, he is absolutely breathtaking when told by the story of Priam and Hecuba.
Part of his monologue is superimposed with a visual implementation of history (with Sir John Gielgud and Judi Dench), but it is very unhappy, because he steals Heston de S Ome of the attention he deserves at that time.
His shooting out of camera, while seizing, minimizes the scene to a narration made by any other visible actor.
I hope that Branagh has chosen to allow us to imagine in our own spirit the scene that Heston presents and to leave the venerable actor to have the attention.
Unfortunately, there were casting choices that led to bad distractions.
Jack Lemmon, an excellent actor, I can't do Shakespeare.
As Marcellus, the goalkeeper who sees the ghost of the elder, Lemmon underperforms unfortunately and is shown on the left and on the right by those around him.
Gerard Depardieu, another talented actor, is wasted when he was given a little more than the statements of "Yes, my Lord" and "No, my Lord" in the role of Reynaldo.
Richard Pantali has a role (literally) on foot, appearing at the eleventh hour as an English ambassador.
I think he had two lines.
Then there is Rufus Sewell as Fortinbras of Norway.
When I went to see a dangerous beauty earlier this year, two ladies behind me continued to comment how beautiful it was.
If the curved eyes are your idea of beautiful, well I suppose that the comic actor Marty Feldman has been a kind of sex symbol for you.
Hamlet is a complicated story of betrayal and revenge in which triumph and defeat become one.
Branagh tries to help us with some of the subtleties by visually representing some of the most elusive dialogue stretches by presenting them as flashback type images.
It only works half of the time, and I wonder if it would have been as well to do without them.
You don't need to be a kind of genius to appreciate Shakespeare, but it is quite difficult to understand unless you have time to read or hear it carefully and on several occasions.
The alternative method of understanding is that with which most of us are familiar, the English course of the school.
In this area, you have, hopefully, the chance to have an educator ready to help you with the points of the intrigue and the essential nuances to understand a written piece in the funny Rigmarole under the name of King of the King of the King of the King of the King of.
Or I guess you can just read the notes of the cliff.