This reviewer ignores the hands responsible for the delivery of the original version of the abyss in 1989.
Whether it is the interference of studio leaders or the work of the writer / director James Cameron himself, the original cut of this underwater science fiction thriller was quite entertaining but also very serious.
The main problem was quite simple: the culmination of the film was unworthy of its accumulation.
Someone at 20th Century Fox - and undoubtedly Cameron himself - had to agree, because in 1993 came the theatrical release of The Abyss: Special Edition.
Now available on the video, it seems appropriate to reassess what, in its newly revamped state, is now a quasi-masterpiece despite its loans from films like 2010: Odyssey Two, Alien and Close Encounters of Third Kind.
The intrigue is therefore.
We meet the crew of an experimental submarine mobile oil platform designed by Lindsay with a hard nose (mastrantonio) and captain by her soon divorced husband (Ed Harris).
The platform and its crew are diverted from their normal functions when the navy seeks its help to investigate the mysterious sinking of a nuclear U.S.Sous-Marin.
Demanding a dive halfway in a depth trench of three miles, three naval divers arrive to order the operation, led by Lieutenant daring Coffey (Biehn).
But a series of strange observations soon convinces at least one member of the civilian crew that anyone or whatever they liked, as she said, "does not speak Russian".
Meanwhile, a hurricane is preparing and, even worse, a series of incidents around Cuba involving Russian ships and an increasingly nervous U U. The navy triggers an international crisis of possible catastrophic proportions.
This crisis is reflected within the limits of the now isolated underwater platform, with the Lieutenant-Lieutenant increasingly paranoid at more and more paranoid in contradiction with the crew on how to manage the mysterious trials aroundthem.
Human drama is often fascinating, the main actors occurring with an intensity that recalls the ending set acting in the extraterrestrials of Cameron.
Waterfalls, equipment, special effects and underwater cinematography are all exceptional.
And so they should be: Cameron's technical references are well established.
But what ultimately makes the film so captivating is three sprigs of intrigue that intersect: 1) The tension between the old popular partners Lindsay and ex-Hubby Bud; 2) The Testaments War between the Civil crew andThe divers of the navy as a series of increasing crises "arrive; and 3) the slow revelation which takes place slowly of what is at the bottom of the abyss of three miles of depth.
The Abyss: Special Edition is an improvement in the original film in two respects.
The first is that it further closes the relationship between Bud and Lindsay, a sometimes touching relationship, to others incredibly intense and volatile.
The second improvement is the restoration of certain absolutely crucial scenes towards the end of the film, when the extraterrestrials demonstrate their control over the water with a terrifying and extraordinary demonstration of power to a world on the nuclear war.
With the inclusion of these surprising scenes, the culmination of history now has a real weight.
Why were the devil excluded from the original?
This critic finds him completely incomprehensible.
Thus, we have 25 minutes of additional sequences which transformed a decent underwater thriller into something quite beautiful.
I say "absolutely" because certain faults remain.
The most Grin is several moments of Schmaltz Hollywood Ringard - some new, some - which could make you look for the barf bag.
Nevertheless, The Special Edition: Special Edition now includes this somewhat criticized film among the greatest achievements of James Cameron, alongside the extraterrestrials and Terminator 2. See moved, seized and bewitched.