Voice ..... Trey Parker, Matt Stone, George Clooney, Minnie Driver.
 "South Park: larger, longer and not cut" is undoubtedly a coarsely, offensive and mean film, which also presents itself as a politically correct film.
If your Canadian, a strong Christian, a fat, gay or something else, you will be offended.
But when you watch this film, there is no doubt that you will laugh.
Based on the very popular Comedy Central TV show, South Park features Cartman, an overweight and coarse child, with attitude and a soft side.
Kenny, a poor child who is killed in each episode, and speaks with his cap covering his head.
Stan a regular child, sometimes boring that has problems with women.
And Kyle a lonely Jew who speaks to his poop.
The film opens with a funny but unpleasant song, which all the inhabitants of South Park sing.
Cartman, Stan, Kenny and Kyle are very happy to see the film "Asses of Fire" by New Terrance and Phillip (Beavis and Butthead Types).
But when the children put themselves in the film to get the tickets, they learn that the film is classified R, which of course means that anyone under 17 cannot enter a legal tutor.
Children do not understand this and they pay a homeless to buy their tickets.
In the film, laughing at the film, Terrance and Phillip Cuss entertain children several times.
They then go out and agreed, having trouble and pushing Kyle's mom to go against the MPAA.
By doing this, Kenny learns one thing or, proving in Cartman, he can light his FET on fire.
Kenny does it, dies and goes to hell, to discover that Satan and Saddam Huissan (homosexual lover), are about to take control of the world, if Terrance and Phillip die.
> From now on, nothing more should be said to keep the rest a surprise.
But believe me, it's not your ordinary South Park television show, and should not be seen by no one under the age of 14 or more.
This film contains extreme blasphemies (more than 130 "F" words and a collection of others).
But beyond being bad in an insipid way, South Park: larger, longer and not cut has many messages that are integrated inside.
But I bet you will not leave the film, laughing at least once or more.
And have fun.
Take it from me, South Park: B, L and U, is not as good as you hoped, but it is good for certain laughs.