Land: an astronaut of human space accidentally falls on a planet led by monkeys.
He is taken prisoner with other humans and does his best to escape his Simian kidnappers.
Oh yeah, and have I mentioned that monkeys can speak?
Kewl!
Critical: despite this film not resembling a "Tim Burton film" or his main human character showing any sign of being a human being himself, I generally entered myself for most of this film and Irecommends as a fun summer price.
Although the thing that distinguishes this film from all the others is certainly its incredible makeup and monkey characterization work.
I mean, I was completely convinced that each of these monkeys was real!
I also have to "abandon" all the actors inside the costumes, not only to wake up at three in the morning every exterior day costumed and also selling their characters on the screen.
I particularly appreciated the performance of Bonham Carter, which I thought to be the most developed character of the whole film (human or monkey) and the villain of Tim Roth, who chewed the landscapes and was suffering from evil in each scene inwhich he participated.
Regarding the plot, I liked the start of the film, all the construction once Wahlberg entered the village, escape and most combat scenes, but once things came out inThe deserted area (and the final battle sequence), I lost a bit of my interest.
I was much more intrigued by the interactions between the characters and the idea of "human beings as an animals", then I was about the final battle sequence, which seemed a little too typical for this type ofmovie.
I also hated the character "kid" who has just annoyed me and did not really care about the way the battle sequence was resolved (I will not ruin it here but the guys ... you
Could he think of something a little more plausible than that, right?).
But the thing that held this film more than anything else was his main character, his cold behavior and the zero chemistry he shared with one of his love interests between species.
This guy did not seem to give the ass of a rat about anyone, but himself and I did not care either what had happened to him.
Now, I don't know if it was the fault of the actor or the script, but the film suffered from it.
Visually, the film was also pleasant to watch (especially the monkeys!), But I really expected a greater freshness of Tim Burton.
The "surprise end" which highlighted the original film of the Planet of the Apes in 1968, felt a little nailed here, and although it was interesting, I did not really have much meaning for me(Unless you look at him with a view of sight).
So, on the whole, I loved all the "sensation" of the planet, the monkeys that governed it, the way they treated humans, shouted, shouted and sounds the whole chain of evolution, but n'Not appreciated the lack of human character in the film of development (why was Kris Kristofferson even in this film?) And the fact that his main male and female humans were simply boring.
But I would always recommend this film as a fun summer film with laughter, goosebumps and a really cool premise.
PS: For all those who have seen the original, I cannot believe that they did not at least bring the scene in which the main human character (in this case, Mark Wahlberg) goes crazy to the world in which heSuddenly was pushed ("It's a crazy house!" -
type of thing).
The guy in this film barely seems to be "put off" by the fact that he is surrounded by monkeys that can speak English !!
Where does Joblo come from?
Arrival (8/10) - Battlefield Earth (7/10) - Godzilla (4/10) - Instinct (6/10) - Mission to Mars (3/10) - Pitch Black (7/10) - (1968) Planet of the apes (9/10) - Sleepy Hollow (8/10)