The dramatic cousins of comedy have all the necessary ingredients: a full -minded and fanciful script, inspired performances, a great sense of humor, a great and wonderful distribution and the magnificent landscape of Vancouver.
It is a film of weddings, marriage, family, infidelity and - oh yes - love.
Like 3 men and a baby, Cousins is an Americanized version of a French film: the 1975 cousin, cousin.
The intrigue is complicated, but it goes something like that.
Larry and Tom are cousins, each of which is not so attached.
Tom begins a matter with Larry's wife, Tish, and to do even, Larry and Tom's wife, Maria, pretending to have their own business.
Soon, pretension turns into love and cousins is underway.
Cousins is populated by a large assortment of interesting characters and caricatures.
The game is first -rate at the smallest role of support, and almost all performances deserve to mention.
Ted Danson (in his first role of star cinema) can finally play a character with a certain depth and sensitivity.
While Larry can be confident and charming like Sam Malone on "Cheers", he is also complex and vulnerable, with more of his ears than empty space.
As Maria, Isabella Rossellini is a joy to look at; she is shy, sensual and extremely attractive.
Sean Young is perfectly interpreted as the perfect woman of Larry, Tish, a superficial and fashionable makeup consultant.
Keith Coogan, of Adventures in Babysitting, is wonderfully bizarre and eccentric that the rebellious son of Larry, Mitch.
And finally, Lloyd Bridges in a tour de force is the exuberant grandfather of Mitch; he provides some of the best lines and laughter of cousins.
Like Mostruck, Cousins is a mixture of drama and comedy.
The film is larger than life and has an acute sense of absurd.
It understands human nature extremely well and treats it for each possible laugh and the favorite.
How often do you see a film where you believe that two characters really and sincerely take care and that you really love yourself, as an older and as a man?
Well, on his credit, Cousins is such a film.
Hopefully the French will continue to provide us with inspiration to make films like cousins