As fairy tales leave, Cinderella must be one of the most famous.
Almost everyone knows, at least at least in North America.
It is therefore natural that someone is trying to make a film of it.
This has already been done with variable results.
This version of the story is both similar to the original and different at the same time.
The basic story remains unchanged but, something that seems to disappear with this version, and these are all the fantastic elements of history.
There is no fairy mother or anything even at a distance from this nature.
Once the fantastic elements are deleted, what remains is a realistic credible interpretation of the history of Cinderella and an interesting love story at least.
 .
Unlike the fairy tale, the prince plays a much more important role than that of the masked ball at the end.
The? Prince ', who happens to be the crown prince of the throne of France, meets "Cinderella", known as Danielle, a few times, the most coincided and he is struck with her.
Although this seems to be far from traditional history, this allows the main intrigue to proceed with enough space for an imaginative history context.
The story takes place in a framework of the Renaissance; in France, with Leonardo da Vinci offering a certain comic relief to more than one opportunity.
This addition of Leonardo Da Vinci was a little success in that he added color to the film, because some roles are a bit stereotypical.
For example, the role that was scripted for the prince leaves something to be desired.
For example, the character seems to be a little too unstable and flying, a crown prince should be nothing from a distance like that.
Especially since he is portrayed to be in the middle of at least twenty and almost ready to take the throne.
The characters of Danielle (Cinderella) played by Drew Barrymore, and that of the nasty mother, played by Anjelica Huston, are well developed and well played by the two women.
Although Danielle's part is a little stretched, she is not too improbable and not totally incredible.
The character's nuances were well released by Drew Barrymore and watching the film, it seems that she has fun making the film.
In contrast, the part of the nasty mother is clearly seen from the start and is almost the clique.
But, Anjelica Huston seems to add a certain flair to the role that makes him almost perfectly perfectly.
The real story is quite predictable because it is after all the basic story of Cinderella, but there are more than enough twists and turns in the way the story is told to make it interesting and pleasant.
The game is high caliber and seems deserved in praise.
Overall, this film brings you back to history, in an apparently magical land of fairy.
But, don't get me wrong, there is nothing other than reality, it's just refreshing to watch a film that is not based on a familiar setting with daily familiar things that happen.
Thus, although history is fundamentally familiar, the world in which it takes place is not, which adds a dimension to the film which, in this humble, opinion is worth it