With the so convincing narration, who needs books?
Based on author James Ellroy's book, L. Un .confidential is probably one of the best work produced by Hollywood in recent years.
With the director Curtis Hanson (the hand that rocks the cradle, the Wild river) that Ellroy has corroborated closely throughout the shooting of the film, resulted in a film with a plot and a tight script, an atom shouldsqueeze.
Located in the 1950s, the story revolves around 3 police of lively personalities.
Jack Vincennes (Spacey) is the cop who is more worried about making the fame and the celebrity of the Hollywood style, focusing strongly on the work that will attract media attention.
There is also the young hot recruit, Ed Exley (Pearce), freshly out of the Academy and all the things to carve out a name in the footsteps of his father as a legendary cop.
The hard and disturbing Bud White (Crowe), a cop believing in justice, the rapid and violent way.
3 The police, distinct in their characters and their paths, but all work in a place where there is no real distinction between good and evil.
When his partner is assassinated on the day of his resignation, Bud undertakes to find responsible people but involuntarily plunged into something more than a simple murder of theft.
Even after Exley received a promotion for her work on the murder case, the events began to bind to murder.
The 3 finally reached a point of convergence when what has really started as a personal survey turns out to be a discovery of a complex crime network organized in Hollywood.
The last time I remember such an intelligent and convincing film was when I watched the usual suspects.
In L. Un .confidentiel, you do not get shock and intelligence as first, but it has many more "history".
There is not a single moment in the film in which I thought I was slow at all.
Surprisingly, although Spacey did a very convincing job as street Vincennes, the film was mainly worn by the two "unknowns", Pearce and Crowe.
The exley of Pearce is cool and calculative in its actions and there is a slight suspicion of Val kilmer in its appearance.
Crowe's Bud White is the most impressive of everyone; under the head and capricious, he should obtain a kind of recognition for his work here.
Superb game., Wonderful narration and one of the best peak rifles of all time.
Easily the best Hollywood piece for 1997.