"I know what you did last summer", the first high level slat thriller to be released after "Scream" in 1996, and written by the same screenwriter, Kevin Williamson, is an elegant and effective horror filmwhich became the biggest success in LAULTOMNE.
While "Scream" was a more knowing film about the genre ", I know what you did last summer" recalls a simple slasher film more, but it is much smarter than such pleasures of guilt at the bottom of the barrelThe nine of the films of "Friday 13" (well, okay, "Jason goes to hell" was pure hell to sit).
The film begins with four talented and budding teenagers who have just finished their secondary studies in their small town of Plaisance de Southport, n.c.
It is July 4, and they will soon direct their separate ways.
Le Bon Coeur Julie (Jennifer Love Hewitt) and the Outre-Adiler Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr.) will lead to university, while Helen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), who has just been honored Croaker Queen in the city, and his unaware boyfriend, Barry (Ryan Phillippe) goes to New York to become a football actress and player.
When the four go to a neighboring beach on the side of the mountain for the evening, they are dismayed after hitting a man on the road on the way back.
Hated and confused, they decide that they cannot go to the police because they will be accused of guilty manslaughter, so they develop a plan to throw the apparently dead victim of a peer in the ocean, in the'Hope that no one will find it.
Julie is worried about this, but is forced by Barry.
Go exactly a year later, Julie, still unable to reconcile with what she did, reluctantly returns from her college to find that her three former friends are still in town because their career plans did not work.
Almost immediately, Julie receives a disturbing letter that simply reads: "I know what you did last summer", and this is the start of their problems because they find themselves terrorized by a mysterious figure dressed in fishing equipmentAnd producing a giant hook.
 "I know what you did last summer," is a successful horror film for several reasons.
Denis Crossan's cinematography could very well be described as Hitchcockian, because it put shadows, fog, steam and other intelligent devices to add an atmosphere to the procedure.
The characters, in particular Julie and Helen, are written realistically, and the film is surprisingly deals with their broken relationship in some scenes, which is largely unusual in films of this genre.
And finally, the film creates some dazzling and frightening sets that are among the most memorable that I saw in a horror film, in particular the sequence of suspense guards involving Helen in the store of his family with the killer at the'interior with her.
The best character is perhaps that of Missy Egan (Anne Heche), a lonely backwoods woman whose brother was the one Julie thinks he has struck.
Héche's performance is a star, because it is able to create a complete character in just ten minutes of screen time.
 "I know what you did last summer," could have been a great horror film without some problems.
PRINZE JR.Donne a performance to be desired here, and a large part of his dialogue sounds wood coming out of his mouth.
In addition, the culmination of the film almost completely loses its frightening grip after revealing the Mystery Killer, which is a resolutely bad actor and should not have received lines.
Fortunately, the penultimate scene saves the disappointing final, which includes a fear "Jump-In-Votre-Votre-Votre siege designed by experts.
In the main roles, Hewitt and Gellar are very talented, and Hewitt, in particular, is one of the best sc "I have ever heard.
Honestly, she could give Jamie Lee Curtis a little competition for the best "queen of cries".
And Gellar touches as a young woman who, during o Ne Year, finds her dream of being an actress ultimately broken.
Although he is not up to the films "Scream", or the most recent, "Urban Legend", "I know what you did last summer" is a respectable slasher film and script.