Blade is the film that shows that Wesley Snipes can really live up to its potential as the first of the main men of Hollywood.
Blade is based on the comic strip character of the same name and has this comic strip in a way.
It is a very elegant film and for the most part this style works very well.
Although, at a few points, I thought I was watching a video clip as opposed to a film.
The ideas behind Blade are good, just like the basic intrigue of history.
But sometimes things seem to be a little confined, and the writers seem to want to do too much at the same time.
This does not take too much the history, but it is a little too bad.
The blade (snipes) is half man, half vampire.
His mother was bitten by a vampire when she was pregnant with him and, therefore, he has many classic features of a vampire.
Including a thirst for human blood which must be kept under control by a special serum which extinguishes its lust.
Blade spent her life tracking down and killing vampires as a kind of revenge for the fact that one of their species killed his mother.
But it is not as simple as it seems, because the vampires in the world of Blade are more sophisticated than those you find in most films.
The government and the other authorities know the existence of vampires, but they have enabled them to feast on the population as a whole because they take vampires bribes.
Where do vampires get money?
Well, in Blade, they direct multinational companies to finance their vampire organizations.
I personally thought that all these secret business people managed by vampires is a very intelligent idea and an excellent addition to the film.
Blade comes up against the casualness of the deacon (Stephen Dorff) a freezer in the vampire community.
He is not content to live among humans, and is convinced that the vampire race is superior and he wants to ensure his superiority.
He managed to translate the old vampire rolls who tell the method to make him an almighty vampire - making him practically unstoppable.
It is in Blade to see that it is not sweating.
Certainly, Blade is a style of substance from start to finish.
The story is relatively forgettable, but it is fun nevertheless.
The game in the blade is almost what you expect from a film of this type.
It is not a film that will gain distinctions for its performances, and the actors know it.
The film is played for pleasure and no one seems to think the opposite.
It is a popcorn film, and no one involved has any illusions otherwise.
Blade's production values are as smooth as everything you find in your typical summer blockbuster.
The combat sequences between Blade and its vampire targets are incredibly well done.
However, the MTV style cuts made me on my nerves after a while during the long sequences.
Blade is a fun film with an interesting vision of the vampire genre.
It is not the film for those of you who love your vampires in tuxedos and who live in coffins in the basement of a Gothic castle.
What the blade excels is to bring the classic tradition of vampire to the next century with a new perspective of life.
very cool .