_ In memory: _ This film does not need an introduction.
If you have not heard of it, you must have been in space on a sabbatical leave, and if you have not seen it - well, I suspect that you are in a small minority!
First of all? Is that all that is?
Well yes? And no.
It's a good film, and there is a lot to love, but it is not without problem.
When I saw the first trailer for "Titanic", it was when I went to see "Bean" last summer, I think my intial reaction was - is not downright sick to make a film inCatastrophe from such a terrible, real tragedy?!
I mean, what happened to the writers of Hollywood script, have they run entirely from new ideas?
Gads, no matter then, I wondered, what would you say about an action film based on Hiroshima with Jean Claude Van Damme?
I was not entirely filled with anticipation, but I was not alone in this regard.
It was when he got out in the cinema, to praise criticism (well, especially) and whoever had been to see it seemed obsessed with concern that I started to take note!
I only saw the film several months after its release (date on which my sister had seen it about four times!),
So I went with a slightly more open mind, but I still didn't think I would appreciate a lot.
Do I have? Yes and no.
Especially yes, I am happy to say.
The about the first hour was beautifully done, not so much because of the scripts (I'm going to talk about it later?) But because the ship and the recreated sets were superb to look at, just like the staging of Cameron, and the performancesDele main casting performances was so strong that the "human" aspect of history, the romance between Rose (Kate Winslet) and Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), was enchanting.
The film is told via Flashback, with Gloria Stuart playing elderly rose in modern times (you knew, a course!
 : -)).
Well, it is an often effective device to use in narration - although it can sometimes fall flat.
Does it work here?
In the form of a script, this does not add much to history.
What adds a lot to history is Gloria Stuart, whose amazing performance is the strongest and most moving in the film.
Her presence brings a much deeper level of passion and depth to history, and although his appearances are relatively brief, the film would have suffered without her.
DiCaprio and Winslet are also impressive, which succeed entirely in rising above the often bad dialogue, and the link they form is both sincere and moving.
It is an old story, you know - the forbidden love Ala Romeo and Juliet - but it works, and the "saving" rose from Jack (in literal and figurative senses) and teach him to live life for what matterswas pointed and touching.
In fact, I really appreciated the first half of the film, largely because Winslet and DiCaprio bring such charm, from energy to romance.
It is engaging, touching and very pleasant.
There is also more than a peak shade, simply because you know that it will not be a happy ending.
Which brings us to the second half of the film.
We all knew that it was going to happen.
I am sure that the Cameron Director impatiently awaited anticipation, because as he declared in interviews, the real push in history (for him) was the sinking, and the romance jack / pink was simply a deviceManipulative plot to emotionally put in the film.
I think that underestimates the importance of romance, because I found it much more pleasant than an hour to watch people die.
The iceberg arrives and the captain announces that Titanic will have flowed in about an hour.
And it's an hour.
My God, don't we miss a second of this hour?
Free? Well, maybe not according to today's standards, I'm sure it was much worse in the banner of "entertainment" in other films.
But I was certainly not prepared how shocking and graphic.
not that I expected the The word "euphemism" to be part of Cameron's vocabulary (the one who brought us such, Umm, lively films like "Terminator 2" and "Aliens").
Is it exaggerated?
I thought.
Euphemism can sometimes do wonders to transmit a tragedy.
No, nobody expected a happy ending, but I did not quite expect the horribly shocking and powerful scenes that we were bombed throughout the second half of the film.
However, whether it is exaggerated and heavy or not, if it was the shock factor Cameron after it worked, because I was shocked and moved, in fact I spent most of the last hour intears!
You really couldn't help but get involved emotionally, that it would like someone to strike this terribly psychotic fiancé from Rose over board or hopelessly that Rose would save Jack, or that Jack would save Rose, or that they would all surviveboth.
Perhaps the most painful scene was when the ship sank, and those who sank with the ship frozen on death on the surface of the water.
The song where Rose drops Jack's hand, while promising that she would never let go of her heart was particularly heartbreaking, and the sight of lifeboats sailing in the middle of the ocean corpses was a powerful image, so as not toend a fine for it.
I loved the end, however, which was both moving and slightly edifying after the horror of the last and a half hour.
So we have established that the film is powerful and moving, if the last hour was rather excessive.
I did not mention the script.
Regarding the plot, it's OK, although the Jack / Rose relationship was beautifully developed, but I have a feeling for the credit of the actors if anything.
As for the dialogue? Well, Titanic takes place in 1912.
It is a period drama.
But I saw very little indication of the period with regard to dialogue.
Did they really use sentences like "Damn that!"
Back at the turn of the century?
I doubt .
Would someone speak like this: "Do you like the guy or what?".
I doubt .
Is it a dialogue like "I saw the iceberg, and I see it in your eyes now" not just a little?
Yes it is .
A little more attention to the dialogue would not have been lost, and Cameron himself is to blame (he wrote the script).
Stay at the staging, guy.
But it is more than bought by the theater, with Dicaprio and Winslet in fine form, well supported by a solid cast.
The star of the show was Gloria Stuart, however-why didn't she win this Oscar?!
After all, they launched Oscars on "Titanic" on the left, right and center, but Gloria was perhaps the most deserving candidate.
Cameron’s management does a spectacular job.
As I said, his vision was a little excessive, but at least he directed it.
I did not even mention the magnificent partition of James Horner.
Completely heavenly, although when your father and sister play the soundtrack, you start to get bored a little!
 ;-)
I finished my rant, which lasted much longer than I thought!
Just leave a few questions; was it worth all these Oscars?
Hell, don't tell me about the Oscars.
Fleurie farce.
However, he deserved in a number of departments.
Last question; is it, as some suggest, one of the best films of all time?
No, I do not think so.
It is certainly one of the most powerful and memorable films that I have ever seen, but I don't think it ranks one of my favorites of all time.
And as for the fact that they would have made a "Titanic 2"? Well, I suppose it is typical of Hollywood for you!