A wonderful little film that is really interested in its characters and its theme.
The "Second Best" scene is placed in Wales.
James (Chris Cleary Miles) is a 10 -year -old boy who has to live in a house because his father (Keith Allen) is in prison and his mother committed suicide.
James is a mentally unbalanced child.
He cannot forget what happened in the past, and he dreams of living a happy life with his beloved father.
At home, he feels sadly and alone.
One day, a social worker (Alan Cumming) talks to him about a person who wants to adopt him.
This person is Graham Holt (William Hurt).
Graham manages a post office and shops in a village.
He is single and has no real friends.
Her mother is dead and her father is sick and will die.
Graham feels that he was a disappointment for his parents.
There has never been any true love between his parents and him.
Graham's monotonous life would have a new meaning if he could adopt James.
But Graham must not only convince the institutions, but must also win James' love.
James and Graham must open.
They must get to know each other and get to understand and trust others.
James and Graham are mutually facing their problems.
But will their relationship really have a future?
 "Second Best" is based on a novel by David Cook which also wrote the script.
The film was directed by Chris Menges who had made his debut in the direction with the very good anti-apartheid drama "A World Apart" (1987/88).
And maybe "Second Best" is even a bigger image.
This precise study, richly detailed, sensitive and convincing on a special adoption deals with its theme with great gravity.
The intense breathtaking film shows the need for human contact and communication.
William Hurt offers exceptional performance as Graham Holt.
And Chris Cleary Miles is remarkably convincing in the role of the boy.
The support cast is also very good (especially Jane Horrocks as Debbie, a social worker who is accused of examining the living conditions of Graham).
 "Second Best" is an underestimated masterpiece.
It is a shame that films like this are so rarely made.
I look forward to the next work as a director of Manges, "The Lost Son", which will showcase Daniel Auteuil.