The film Muppet is the first and the best film among the constantly increased list of Muppet films.
The film Muppet tells how our hero, Kermit The Frog, became a star.
A delicious film for all ages, the film Muppet is exploded * with appearances by countless Hollywood stars of the 80s and today.
The film Muppet begins in a cinema, where all the Muppet stars are looking forward to the first program.
Once everyone is installed, the film inside the film begins.
It starts with Kermit in a marsh, playing his banjo and singing (this blow forced Jim Henson to spend hours underwater).
Kermit is discovered by Bernie, a large Hollywood agent who performs on Kermit by accident.
Bernie thinks that Kermit has a lot of potential to become a big star in Hollywood.
Kermit is thinking about the idea of becoming a big movie star, where he could "make millions of people happy".
Kermit decides to leave his marshes and make the trip to Hollywood.
Along the way, Kermit became friends with his famous Muppet companions, starting with Fozzie Bear, who spent his days doing standing at El Sleezo Cafe, belonging to James Coburn.
The two decide to associate and go to Hollywood.
But, Doc Hopper (Charles Durning), the owner of a chain of legs of French fried fried leg has a different idea.
He wants Kermit to be his spokesperson, but Kermit is humiliated at the idea and passes the film to avoid him as well as his assistants.
The trip continues, with Kermit and Fozzie Meeting Miss Piggy, Rowlf, Gonzo, The Electric Mayhem Band and more Muppets who all share the same wish: go to Hollywood.
Oh, and even more celebrities continue to appear.
Kermit and Miss Piggy continue to know a little better, including a rather funny scene in a restaurant with Steve Martin as a server.
Finally, Kermit and the group go to Hollywood.
In other words, after Kermit can finally escape Doc Hopper and proclaim his freedom.
Lord Lew, a large Hollywood producer depicted by Orson Welles, gives Kermit his shot on fame and gives him the green light to produce a film.
The film Muppet is definitely a film that is fun for all ages.
It is also a sure deal like a single parent can look and enjoy with their children.