Baadassss's "Sweet Sweet Sweetback" by Melvin Van Peebles was a moment in the history of American cinema and black movement.
He was released less than a decade after the start of the civil rights movement and almost twenty years before the Rodney King incident.
His violent and highly sexualized revenge tale of a black machine Hustler fighting against white oppression and victory was something that had never been seen on an American cinema screen before.
In style, the content, and how it was designed and produced, "Sweet Sweetback" was a film revolution, whether or not we agree with his subject.
Van Peebles, an American black who was recognized for the first time by writing novels in France, built "Sweet Sweetback" from zero almost entirely by himself.
Because no studio would dare to finance such a film, he was forced to collect all the money himself.
The film ended up costing around $ 500,000, part of which was set up by none other than Bill Cosby.
Van Peebles has reduced costs by hiring non-unionized work and itself assuming most of the film's responsibilities.
He wrote the script, marked the music, published and directed the film, as well as played in The Central Role.
He was also a brilliant entrepreneur who has always found a way to make additional money.
For example, when the MPPA slapped the film with a dreaded X notation, Van Peebles has not only threatened to obtain legal action against Jack Valenti and the MPAA, but it also developed a small marketing scheme: it inventedThe sentences "classified X by a all white," which he put on film posters to help announce the film.
He also printed the sentence on the t-shirts that he had no problem for sale.
The scenario in "Sweet Sweetback" is deceptively simple.
It takes place in Los Angeles, and Van Peebles plays the title of title, a male hustler hard of a few words that grew up in a mess, and earns money by doing the best: to have sex.
One day, he agrees to go with some kind white cops to the station to give the impression that they bring suspects on a politically charged affair involving murder.
However, on the way to the station, the cops stop a young black revolutionary named Mu-Mu (Hubert Scales), whom they defeated viciously.
Acting by complete impulse rather than on political motivation, Sweetback retaliates and beats the cops on the verge of death.
The rest of the film follows Sweetback as he escapes the cops on his way to a possible escape in Mexico.
Although the rehearsal to watch Sweetback Run becomes a little old at the end of the film, this intrigue allows the camera of Van Peebles to browse the darker side of L.un.- The ghettos, the alleys and the whore of the alley thatOther films had always neglected.
The whole point of Van Peebles by making the film was to secure Celluloid a vision of black experience in America that other filmmakers had ignored.
At the beginning of "Sweet Sweetback", he proposed this epigraph, which is a traditional prologue used in medieval times when a messenger brought bad news: "Sire, these lines are not a tribute to brutality that the artistInvented, but a hymnede the mouth of reality.
Van Peebles wanted to make sure that his vision was that of reality, no exaggeration.
Of course, with the abundance of today rap and hip hop music which sings the same ode to the dark life of the city center, as well as Spike Lee films, John Singleton and the Hughes brothers, "SweetSweetback "does not seem all that querevolutionary.
It is important to remember that this film must be seen in the context and the period in which it was produced.
At that time, "Sweet Sweetback" was so controversial that only two theaters in the whole United States would play it.
The distributors were petrified of a film which, according to the words of Van Peebles, gave the black public "a chance to see some of their own fantasies took place - on the fact of leaving the m UD and kick. "
Of course, once he has made his way, he has proven himself.
 "Sweet Sweetback" is now considered the film that launched the Blaxploitation era, although Van Peebles dissociates "Sweetback" from other films like "Shaft" (1972) and "The Mack" (1973), because thesewere funded by Big by Bighollywood Studios.
 "Sweet Sweetback" is also the only film considered as a compulsory vision of black panthers.
However, even if when seen from an African-American perspective, "Sweet Sweetback" is certainly not without controversy.
When it was released for the first time, an article was published in the magazine "Ebony" denouncing the film, while the Black Panthers used an entire newsletter to rent it.
There have been arguments that the victory for Sweetback is really not victory at all - beat cops, then flee to Mexico is not proud.
Others have pointed out that Sweetback has little to say throughout the film; he has no political motivations, and therefore the violence and the ravages he makes are not rooted infundamental beliefs, but in personal and selfish reasons.
Still others indicate the shot? The black power that stereotype Sweetback as being good in anything other than sexual relations, illustrated in a scene where he wins the respect of a group of white bikers by bringing their female leader to the'Orgasm.
Nevertheless, a film like "Sweet Sweetback" cannot be made without a contradictory point of view.
It is a revolutionary film not because it is a deficia of a man, but because he put black problems in the foreground that had never been treated before.
Until then, American cinema was an almost exclusively white area, and with the exception of Sidney Poitier, all black actors were relegated to specifically black roles which were important only compared to whites.
The fact that "Sweet Sweetback" was a black film about blacks was something new (in the opening credits, Van Peebles lists the star actors like "the black community").
Van Peebles tells an interesting story that greatly contributes to defining the difference between "Sweet Sweetback" and all the films that had preceded it.
When the film opened for the first time, he saw it in a theater next to an older woman.
Towards the end of the film, when Sweetback was injured by the police and stumbling in the southern desert of California, she kept saying to herself: "Oh Lord, let her die.
Don't let them kill him.
Let him die alone. "
He was so anchored in his mind that death was imminent for all African-American in a film that rebelled against white authority, that it could not even conceive the possibility that the film ends with its successful escape.
And, of course, Sweetback escapes, and the screen fills with the message: "Be careful!
A Nigger Baad Asssss returns to collect contributions. "
Beyond the political aspects, "Sweet Sweetback" is an entertaining image, that Van Peebles always wanted it to be.
He pressed each abandonment of his limited budget and produced a film which, although dated now, was technically fantastic at the time.
He turned to a rough and documentary way, while using almost all the visual and sound things that his technology would allow him.
It makes good use of older techniques such as split screens, gel frames, inverted color diagrams and overlapping images.
The only time the film looks bad is during the night sequences, because Van Peebles simply did not have the necessary equipment.
Looking at "Sweet Sweetback" over twenty-five years after his initial release, we realize that he still has a bite.
Arguments can be put forward that racial relations in the United States have made quantum jumps since the early 1970s, but there are still problems reflected in this film.
But there is more in the film than its racial aspect.
The legacy of "Sweet Sweetback Ba Adasssss Song "is not only the abundant quantity of art and music told from the African-American point of view, but more importantly, the work of each artist who fought to finance and produce what is important forhim.