I know what I would do with $ 4 .4 million if I found it in an airplane accident site previously unknown, especially if I was with Jacob and Lou.
 ( eh ? )
Well, in any event, this is the situation in which Hank (Paxton) is found.
He and his brother in his spirit Dim Jacob (Thorton) and his friend Tubby Lou (Brent Briscoe) come on a large bag of silver inside an airplane.
Against his best judgment, Hank decides to follow the idea of keeping him rather than going to the authorities.
The rest of the film is a question of who will die to keep it secret, and is it worth it?
A simple wish is in the sense of very bad things, pigeons of clay and even Fargo, and is somehow wrapped in a small dark package.
Oh, and it's much better than any of them.
Sam Raimi left his normal horror horror films and made this elegant and intriguing image.
He really lets the public sit down and watch the events unfold rather than forcing them in the throat like many directors prefer to do it.
I think Raimi knew that he had a winner in his hands and decided to direct the image on a natural fluid course.
One of the film's components can be linked to a recurring theme in The Thin Red Line of Terrence Malick.
Within three hours Bor-a-a-Thon of Malick, he made an interesting attempt to connect the Mother Earth to his story of war.
It looked nothing more than a pretty pretty cut in a fluid grass field, a little bird or a flowing body of water.
Of course, there were obvious metaphorical connections, but there was no dissatisfaction with his efforts.
Raimi does an excellent link in a fox in a chicken coop and birds of prey to signify the future of the characters.
I think most viewers can miss the comparison, but it is a very intriguing ingredient in the film.
And then there is Billy Bob Thorton, who is proof that the independent film industry is vital for the blood of Hollywood.
If he can continue to produce people like Thorton, Hollywood will go well.
It gives a fantastic and devastating performance here.
It is not as captivating as his character of Carl Childers in Slingblade, but it is just as complex, if not more.
Jacob is slow and simple, and yet we see it so often deeply in thought.
I was wondering if he was thinking of things he would never say (or did not know how to say) or if he just took a long time to think about the thing he just said.
Here, he really proves his value as one of the best players in industry.
Although the intrigue is somewhat non -original, it has a new very attractive turn in its characters.
Paxton gives one of the best performances of his career as the group's right and serious leader (far from Chet in Wierd Science).
Maybe Bridget Fonda is badly hidden like his wife who gives advice, but she certainly does not spoil the photo.
A simple plan can be included in the group of small recent Hollywood films which are just dark and fairly non -re -demented.
But at least it has an important message, unlike so many of its counterparts.