You might think it would be easy to train it Star Trek, but try to identify it without making fun of it.
It's a little more difficult.
The eccentric science fiction series is, after all, extremely popular, with its gigantic base of fans and its current payments on television and in films.
If you are not nice to that, you lose.
Galaxy Quest is from Star Trek what Mel Brooks' space balls were to Star Wars, an affectionate and funny parody that freely takes blows on various elements of his subject but never seems mean or ill -intentioned.
 "The show was canceled, but the trip is far from over."
It is the current slogan of "Galaxy Quest", a star Trek type that is no longer produced but lives forever in reruns.
He also lives in conventions, the gatherings of obsessive fans of the show which never fail to dress in "Galaxy Quest" costumes and ask absurdly logical questions about his delusional technobabble.
Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen) played "Commander Peter Quincy Taggart" in the series and is the only actors who are always enthusiastic about the concerts they have to do.
Attitudes from the rest - Tommy Webber (Daryl Mitchell, Gwen Demarco (Sigourney Weaver), Fred Kwan (Tony Shalhoub) and Alexander Dane (Alan Rickman) - goes from indifference to total contempt.
Dane, who has played a spock-shaped extraterrestrial, is particularly disgusted, considering itself above his degrading work and stubbornly refusing to recite the chees line of his character "by the Hammer of Grabthar, you will be avenged" (Or something like that) for his hard failures.
One day, Nesmith is greeted by a particularly fanatic group of disciples of "Galaxy Quest".
These are in fact extraterrestrials of a planet known as thermia.
They confused the episodes of "Galaxy Quest" for the historical documentation of real heroic space trips.
The next day, the thermans are tangling Nesmith in a spacecraft to help them defeat the evil Sarris (named, in one of the only petty gags in the film, after the vocal film critic Andrew Sarris).
Nesmith thinks that this is only a concert elaborated, and in a way, but when it is transported - or I should say Shot - Back to land in a rather celestial way, he believes.
The next thing the casting knows, they are dragged by Nesmith to this spaceship.
Of course, they all think that he is out of his mind and once he convinced them that there is really a spacecraft, what they want to do is get out of there as fast as the carrierswill take them.
But after a certain persuasion, they remain to fight the Sarris of the Icky and find a means of providing a peaceful existence to the agitated thermal.
I was quite surprised to see how much this comedy, which appeared to be completely without brain of its marketing campaign, worked.
Take a blow on the obvious and not so obvious elements of Star Trek and its Fandom, Galaxy Quest never goes for cheap laughter, opting rather for a wide but intelligent parody.
Nothing is certain - not the clichés, not the fans, not the absurd taggers - but on the other hand, everything is certain, because Galaxy Quest deals with his subject with total respect and sometimes even a subtle admiration.
The culmination of the film is Fred A by Tony Shalhoub.k. Un Sergeant de technology Chen which, when it is in character, is the full opposite of Scotty of the original star Trek.
While Scotty, who was the business technician, constantly shouted "I need more power here captain!",
Chen's cry for help is more up to "the nucleus, as, will not take it or something."
It's a hoot, but it does not stop there: Weaver, whose character has the subordinate task of repeating everything that the computer says and Rickman, with his attitude more holy than that is not far awaybehind.
Galaxy Quest succeeds as a funny parody of Star Trek and although it is not a masterpiece - it tends to weaken in its more serious moments - it is extremely entertaining F Luff and excellent counter-programming to all the pretenders to the sober Oscars who were released in this holiday season.
By the Hammer of Grabthar, it is a hell of a film.