"When will the devil take me?" He asks rhetorically in the voice.
The spoiled title of _onegin_ (pronounced oh-negg-in) expects death to relieve it after a life of raptor behavior.
Martha Fiennes' first feature film is (literally) filmed with poetry (it is based on an epic Russian poem by Alexander Pushkin), a deep study of regret, of how we confuse shame with guilt.
When we meet Eugene OneGin for the first time (Ralph, acting for her sister; another brother, Magnus, composed the score), an aristocrat of Philandering of St. Pétersburg, he has just inherited the succession of his uncle.
With plans to sell it, OneGin pays a summer visit to the manor, which is located in an undefined Russian campaign, and shortly after the trip, he meets a neighboring family of Blue Bloods.
Credit with Olga Larina (Headey), he became friends with Olga's fianc?, Vladimir Lensky (Stephens), while Olga's sister, Tatyana (Tyler), romantic her casual attitude (he's a ten-Nuventh villain), falls for OneGin.
In a torrent ink and ink of passion, Tatyana wrote to him a love letter.
He is at least intrigued by the note but rejects his affections, it is implicit, because he can.
Shortly after, the tragedy strikes and one is rare.
When we catch him, six years later, he has just returned to St.Petersburg, where, in a large ball, he discovers that an old friend (Donovan) married a more feminine and verbal Tatyana.
This time, OneGin finds it irresistible.
What is most amazing in the performance of Ralph Fiennes is his subtle physical transformation of dashing snob in stingy growl.
Ambelled by a high -end hat, the one that pines for Tatyana seems smaller than the one that brushed it, a scrooge of Ebeneezer trapped in the Christmas past.
The actor has been a builder by playing heroes for too long now - there is room to breathe a role that is composed of shades of gray like "Onegin".
Petula Clark sang a universal phenomenon in "Lot parking lot": "You don't know what you have? Until he left."
OneGin is about Tatyana speaks for those of us (read: Most of us) who need confirmation that someone or something is sought by others before they want it as well.
What the character feels is not jealousy but remorse, embarrassment, even to have let him go.
By identity, we feel empathy for OneGin, an insensitive bastard.
Tatyana’s emotions echo a thousand tracks, but that makes them less vital.
She also changes from a girl overwriting to a woman with divided loyalty.
Tyler is surprisingly well among his British co-stars, filling summary gaps by expressing basic feelings in a series of free looks.
They both have faces, mr.fiennes and ms.tyler, capable of transmitting a Russian archetypal misery.
_Onegin_ could have been added to a little more than a distinguished episode of "Masterpiece Theater", even with its current distribution of intact thoroughbred, were not Martha Fiennes at the helm.
A MTV background (she cut her teeth towards rock videos for XTC and others) positively influenced her sense of rhythm (however, fortunately, not her spasmodic shooting length here);From 100 minutes, _onegin_ click as a fast walk through valleys of despair.
The film also has an atypical period look.
In the absence of sumptuous table dishes and ancient furnishings which represent the intrigue and the character in these productions of merchant ivory.
The sets are almost expressionistically naked, echoing the solitude of the protagonists.
 (The director of photography Remi Adafarasin often allows them to engulf them; I remember the highlight, which takes place in a white sea.)
Martha Fiennes has a clear command of cinema, and his visual presentation of spare, often painfully human of "Yevgeny Onegin" is undoubtedly the most lucid translation of Pushkin's difficult text.
MS .F Iennes is perhaps the most exciting female presence behind a camera from Jane Campion.