The classic of Jacques Tati in 1953 "The holidays of M. Hulot" (also known as "Mr. Hulot's Vacation", in English) should be the manual on the way of doing right? Dialogue comedy in the film.
The characters almost never speak to each other directly and the film works on the newspaper? The thin premise that Mr. Hulot, played by Tati himself, is clumsy and clumsy and generally manages to annoy the other customers of the Beach Resort hotel where heTake a week's vacation.
However, the film made me next to me, laughing in a more coherent way than anyone in recent memory.
Part of the reason why the film works so well is the intelligent configuration for the different gags.
Slapstick has often been considered a form of unmisticient and even rude comedy, but I think that part of the reason is that it often seems forced: you can only see the characters of films start to run after something andThen crash in front of a pole in a pole of times before you start asking you what all these posts do it first or why these people do not look where they are going.
In "The holidays of m.Hulot ", the gags rely on each other and often start relatively discreet.
In a sequence, for example, Hulot paints the side of his small boat with a boat.
While crossing to get the box, Hulot walks in the boat and cracks without knowing it.
When he takes out the boat in the water, he breaks in half, but the two halves turn against each other, trapping it inside while passers -by confuse him with a shark fin and panic on thebeach ensued.
Tati does not waste a single opportunity for humor; the scenes that could have given a joke in most comedies are good for at least four or five in this film.
It has been said that comedy is based on the frustration of public expectations, and "Mr. Hulot's holidays" also succeeds brilliantly in this area.
Tati accomplishes this largely through a kind of impassive euphemism.
When Hulot enters a separate room during dinner and begins to play a record at a strong volume, no fight or cry match followed; instead, the server between calmly and closes power in the room, disconnectingThe Disk Tour and leaving a perplexed Hulot seated in the dark.
Tati also uses gags in progress for this purpose, allowing them to continue to work much longer than most comedy directors; more often than not, we can see them coming and think: "Oh, he does notwill not start again ", but, here he is.
For example, there is a recurring joke in which Hulot's noisy car engine wakes up everyone in the middle of the night while an outdoor shot reveals the hotel lights on one by one.
Then, this image returns to the final, which I will not give other than saying that this implies much more noise in the middle of the night than a car engine could never produce.
The end is one of the two elements that really make it a four -star film as opposed to a simple superior and intelligent comedy.
As much as I laughed during this film, I said to myself from time to time that Tati had to complete at the end to really do work as a full vision experience; just say that he did.
The other important aspect is that the film never seems disdainful of its characters.
He could easily have turned the tables on Hulot and had the other guests demanding a kind of revenge on him; alternately, he could have portrayed others as curmudgeons without humor.
Instead, Tati seems to consider his characters with gay fun more than anything else and invites the public to love them, as strange or irritating as they might seem.
 "The holidays of M. Hulot" is not subtitled, but the dialogue is sparse and mostly not terribly essential at the flow of events.
Anyone who has the taste of this kind of absurd humor should make this film its next rental from the video store.
Note: "M. Hulot's holidays" was not assessed by the MPAA.
At most, he would receive a PG note.