This is a moment that we will not forget anytime soon: a giant and green ogre crosses the pages of a cliché fairy tale, telling it with all the dull inspirations that the history of history.
This leads to believing that it serves as a prologue to Shrek, the second animated functionality of DreamWorks, but in a piece of cinema without price, a page of this story serves as Ogre toilet paper.
From this opening moment, it can be deduced that Shrek challenges all expectations on this subject as a standard and Disney fairy tale.
Although crawling moments of hilarity Dot Shrek, the true charm of the film lies in the daring elements of friendship, courage and acceptance, excelled by an exceptional direction, vocal work of breathtaking actor and, above all, a scenario full of mind with more things than meetings.
While Shrek has an abundance of humor linked directly to adults, positive friendship values targeting young children realize the scenario: Shrek, the ogre mentioned above, occupies a position of absolute nothingness within its community.
The giant joyful green meets another foreigner, known only as the donkey (his species) who speaks, and although he remains reluctant to warm up with him for a good part of the time, Shrek finally comes to an understandingmutual by recognizing the common leuretat as the pariah of the world.
The pair joins forces to recover the Princess Fiona from a castle guarded by a dragon for the powerful Lord Farquaad, learning a little on each other and themselves along the way.
Their friendship presents the central theme of necessity for someone to rely, illustrating any child who can assist the film that acting as an honest companion can undoubtedly affect someone.
Shrek and the donkey continue like supposed monsters of nature because of their differences from others, but cling to each other for support and advice throughout their trip.
Courage is demonstrated in two major scenarios: along the trip to save Fiona, the immeasurable cowardice of Donkey is revealed.
Whether he meets a march on a trembling bridge or to live alone, the donkey is getting feared that he continually puts aside without self-reproduction.
But the donkey of Yapping must face his phobias when he is presented with the giant dragon and the breathing of the fire keeping Fiona; either he dies of terror, or he triumphs over courage.
He wisely chooses courage by pretending to pretend as if no dangerous situation really faces him, allowing the donkey to overcome a horror which has probably only continued because of its insistence.
Second, on the buyout of Shrek and Donkey of Princess Fiona, the Ogre finds that the Princess has plans for whom saving her: satisfy her desire for a (human) knight in a brilliant armor.
Throughout this scenario, Shrek faces his deep and perpetual doubts of burial as anog and fight to determine how he will reveal his true identity in Fiona.
A fight in progress occurs between him and his reluctance of the truth, but ultimately, Shrek bravely defeated his fear by telling the secret prohibited to Fiona.
Children can achieve donkey and shrek that fear is only complicated by it; if you put your mind to overcome something in particular, endless possibilities exist.
After the friendships and courage prevalent it, the three central characters in the heart of Shrek must take another expanse of development: acceptance.
Surprisingly, Fiona holds her own secret: due to a spell thrown years ago, she turns into ogre at night.
In this scenario, Fiona must learn to be accepted for herself, and she must realize what beauty really means: simply act as oneself.
On Fiona's learning of Shrek's desire to pursue a relationship with her, Fiona, knowing that acceptance of herself serves as a only platform for her love with Shrek to work, yield to her inner demons of salt salt F-Ridicule and Haine.
Any child can derive from the transformation of Fiona the sense of beauty and the sense of self -acceptance.
On the technical side, Shrek triumphs.
Directors Adam Adamson and Vicky Jenson rhythm Shrek in a coherent and satisfactory way, uniformly distributing the lessons learned by the central characters.
These central characters come to life thanks to the brilliant vocal work of Mike Myers (Shrek), Eddie Murphy (Donkey) and Cameron Diaz (Princess Fiona).
Myers creates its shrek as an adorable and troubled ogre whose green color serves not only skin color, but perhaps its desire for other "normal" beings.
Murphy succeeds with his donkey by recreating the very blurred character that so many people know the actor to have an off -screen screen.
Cameron Diaz gives off charism and innocence as a fiona, giving the princess / ogre a feeling of power that many female characters in animated films are missing.
While management and vocal work certainly raise Shrek, the ultimate factor of the successful film lies in the script, written by Ted Elliott, Terry Rossio, Joe Stillman and Roger S.H.
Schulman.
The script never underestimates the intelligence of the spectator, combining the three elements previously spoken with humor for adults and children.
Cap with an ironic constant feeling that makes fun of the animated features of classic Disney, the fresh and entertaining scenario provides.
With Shrek, DreamWorks's executive, Jeffrey Katzenberg, certainly himself has a single loot by creating an instant animated classic that will live for centuries to come.
Little children laugh and applaud; adults laugh even stronger and let understand that their children have not done so.
A film that breaks stereotypes and creates a final standard, Shrek can certainly endure as one for ages.