Ingredients: lost parrot trying to go home, friends
Synopsis: A Russian concierge named Misha (Tony Shalhoub) discovers a small, languid old parrot in the basement of a scientific research establishment.
 "Paulie The Talking Parrot" (La Voix de Jay Mohr) Emples Misha with her life story.
As a young bird, Paulie is raised by Marie (Hallie Kate Eisenberg), a little girl with an obstacle of speech.
By attending Mary's speech lessons, Paulie learns to act / speak as an ordinary person.
Unfortunately, after being unjustly blamed for an accident, Paulie is taken to a lender on wages and sold.
Paulie's greatest wish is to return to Marie.
Several years later, and after a succession of memorable owners (Gena Rowlands, Cheech Marin and Jay Mohr), Paulie falls with a bad crowd and is apprehended in Los Angeles trying to steal jewelry.
He is sent to a cruel research center, where he refuses to participate and is imprisoned in the basement.
Will Misha help Paulie to return to Marie?
Opinion: Whenever people watch films that portray animals like beings with cute human personalities, well -intentioned public members are coming out of Christmas or next birthday and buy a Dalmatian or any creature is currently popular.
Soon, "Birthday Kid" loses his interest and the bought puppy finds himself in the local book, a victim of negligence.
My sister has a real Paulie: she thinks like a parrot, bites like a parrot, and requires as much attention as a newborn human baby.
Think twice before buying one.
Okay in history.
In films, parrots generally play support characters, but Paulie could be the first film where the (animatronic) bird obtains main billing.
Paulie, like these secondary characters in Disney's cartoons, is cute and sassy, a miniature human and strutting.
In fact, Paulie is the voice of Jay Mohr (he played the boyfriend of Jennifer Aniston on Picture Perfect) making his best impression of Buddy Hackett (which is interesting, from Hackett himself the cams as the owner ofA wages lender, and Mohr doubles as a customer).
Paulie is for children.
Looking at Paulie, you hear the little tykes in the theater by laughing hysterically when Paulie calls the cat a "stupid Furole ball".
Sometimes, however, there are statements that children do not receive.
For example, when the owner of Paulie, Ivy (Gena Rowlands), dies, Paulie explains: "Well, one day, the cat had it."
And you hear children exclaim: "What cat?!"
Imagine that Lassie comes home, except with a human size of a doll dressed in birds, and you will have a good idea of intrigue and characterization.
Bird tries to go home.
Bird meets an elderly friend.
The bird loses an elderly friend.
Bird meets an eccentric friend.
Bird loses an eccentric friend.
The bird encounters a bad influence.
And so on, with Paulie meeting friends and saying goodbye at a winding pace until he finally returns to Marie (Trini Alvarado).
The essential?
Take money out of popcorn, mothers and dads.
Paulie may be the low-end version of Lassie, Bambi or Babe, but he will.
Sometimes the Wisecracks are going beyond their heads, but I am sure that young people can enjoy a story on a small person (Paulie) trying to go home, meet friends and live moral lessons on the way.
And good luck to explain what it means when Paulie says of Ivy: "Well, one day, the cat had it."