Doing things correctly is a big cry of teenage comedy that you could expect from a summer film on male virginity.
The film was directed by Randal Kleiser, who brought us bubble classics like Grease and The Blue Lagoon.
But thanks to the surprisingly good direction of Kleiser and an intelligent script, doing things correctly is a pleasantly calm, moving and memorable film - a strictly audience towards a sophisticated and adult audience.
Getting it right stars Jesse Birdsall (The boyfriend of Emily Lloyd in Wish you be Befred) as Gavin, a painfully timid 31 -year -old hairdresser who lives at home with his parents and who - Gasp - is always virgin.
Gavin has no problem speaking with the elderly women who claim his services in the hair salon, but expose him to a single beauty of 30 years and it is a mess.
To the great surprise of Gavin, the woman who finally makes him get out of her shell and deprives him of his virginity is Joan (Lynn Redgrave), a rich, married and lonely man of 45 years.
The simple story of Gavin's difficult and random efforts to do things well; that is to say to find the right woman to fulfill her life.
Doing things correctly is one of those rare films which is entirely devoted to the development of in -depth character.
The narration of Gavin's voice-over awareness of Gavin of his experiences firmly pushes us into his psyche.
We observe his fascinating metamorphosis of shy and passive introversion to assertive and safe maturity.
The superb underestimated performance of Birdsall as Gavin is the backbone of the film; it seems convincing and authentic throughout.
The charm of doing things well also lies in the wide range of people who live or invade Gavin's life.
Despite his limited screen time, Redgrave makes a lot of sensations in the film as a medium -aged Gavin seducer.
For a support character, Joan is unusually and impressive, thanks in large part to the magnificent performance of Redgrave.
Gavin is also prosecuted, or perhaps plagued by Minnie, the completely neurotic daughter of a rich aristocrat.
After Minnie and Gavin meet during a party, she takes great pleasure in disturbing her safe and simple life.
Helena Bonham Carter is deliciously pathetic and spicy in the role, and Sir John Gielgud, with her language in her cheek, embodies the height of arrogance as a father.
The interest of Gavin's possible love is Jenny, the adorable twenty -year -old single mother who attended her the beauty salon; the beautiful performance of the actress of London Stage Jane Horrocks gives a touched character.
Peter Cook, the big British satirist, briefly appears in the film as an employer set by Gavin.
The scenes of Gavin's family life with his parents are also a treat.
The too protective mother of Gavin (Pat Heywood), which even Woody Allen would find authoritarian, almost steals the film.
His life seems limited to two activities: Treat Gavin as a 10 year old child and prepare exotic but non -edible meals, such as hot curry and baked with chocolate sauce.
Gavin and his father's attempts to avoid eating his meals are extremely fun.
Doing things correctly, for the most part, is very well designed, with the exception of two minor gaps.
First, the film lasts about 15 minutes too much, and therefore it sometimes loses momentum.
Second, the film includes a completely foreign secondary intrigue on domestic problems between Gavin's best friend, Harry, and his unfaithful lover, Winthrop.
On the whole, however, doing things correctly is completely memorable for your humor, its depth, its sophistication and its exceptional game.
Director Kleiser and screenwriter Elizabeth Jane Howard (adapting her own very acclaimed novel) deserve praise for having found the good tone for this story of growth, maturation and self -discovery.