Elizabeth is a powerful historical drama taking place in England in the mid -1500s.
This is a time when majestic royal ceremonies are as common as public burns.
Internally, the Catholics war against Protestants.
Meanwhile, Spain, Scotland and France are developing their next movements in the power for power.
England does not know that a young woman named Elizabeth (Cate Blanchett) will be their greatest hope of survival.
The film draws the tumultuous struggle of Elizabeth to gain the real power over her kingdom.
As a Protestant, she is the last person that all Catholic royalty would like to be queen.
But her half-sister queen Mary (Kathy Burke), fatally ill and unable to conceive of a child, pleases Elizabeth to take control of the throne.
Mary gives her her blessing on a single condition: that Elizabeth renounces her faith and maintains the teachings of Catholicism across the country.
Once Declared Reine, Elizabeth finds herself immediately under assault, both by her own subjects (including the Duke of Norfolk, played with a grace of steel by Christopher Eccleston) and by forces abroad.
Slowly but surely, the sovereign neophyte takes England by his reigns and forges a new path for his kingdom.
Elizabeth is surrounded by a well -drawn frame of subjects and advisers.
Its closest ally is the mysterious Sir Francis Walsingham (Geoffrey Rush, in a perfectly subtle performance).
Sir William Cecil (Sir Richard PantaliBorough) is also for his part (Sir Richard PantaliBorough), his well -intentioned but erroneous chief advisor.
With few people in whom she can trust, Elizabeth must prove her self -esteem anyway, even if it means being the sovereign in iron that she secretly despises.
Blanchett deserves an Oscar for his performance by Elizabeth.
She portrays the young queen with just the good balance between self -consciousness Gawky and clever charisma.
Although it is not a classic beauty, Blanchett is able to enter the spectator with just a shy smile or a sly smile.
She is at home with the playful trends of her character, in particular in a scene where Elizabeth shamelessly dance with a friend and lovers of childhood Lord Robert Dudley (Joseph Fiennes).
Whether it's creamy contenders or "playing" the houses in court, Elizabeth de Blanchett gives off a confidence that does not hate.
Almost as interesting as the character of Elizabeth are the visual delights of Shekhar Kapur.
He and the director of photography Remi Adefarasin have designed a film with a rich palette of colors which is a feast for the eyes.
Rolling green hills, extravagant ceremonial galas, dark and disturbing corridors - all are represented with a real feeling of artistic appreciation.
The castles and cathedrals of Europe have rarely been loved with love that they are here.
Although the script of the writer Michael Hirst becomes a little troubled sometimes, and his humor injections become a little overexploited, Elizabeth pulmonary with the good amount of dramatic and cinematographic verve to make it deserve a theatrical vision.
Overall, history survives because Elizabeth's struggle is the one that deserves attention.
As she makes her shocking final statement (but very sensible), we are ready to bow to Elizabeth as our own queen.