Ok, let's go right away directly: the maximum risk is not a battleship stove (although there are Russians!), But it is not too bad, really.
This is the new film by Ringo Lam, the latest filmmaker of Hong Kong failing in Hollywood, and features this Schwartzeneggar minor league from Belgium, Jean-Claude Van Damme (who, you will remember, also played in theHollywood Hollywood effort by John Woo, Hard Target Hard Target).
In Lam's film, Van Damme plays Alain Moreau, a French cop (at least his accent makes more sense here than in a difficult target) who discovers that he was separated shortly after the birth of a twin brotheradopted by the Russians.
These Russians defected in the United States and moved into a black district in New York (where, I suppose, they thought they would not be noticed).
This brother, Mikhail Suverov (played in his few scenes ... Well,
You know), is deeply involved in the Russian mafia and the FBI (almost the same thing, I suppose), and is killed in France (in the film, things happen so fast that you don't have too much timeTo reflect it all is weird).
Moreau does what any surviving twin brother would do and go to New York to know why Mikhail was killed, and why everyone in France who knows anything about him is also killed (we wonder the same;always do).
In Little Odessa, he meets Mikhail's girlfriend, Alex (Natasha Henstridge, seen for the last time in cash), who helps him solve the mystery and adds immeasurably to the staging (she has very beautiful breasts,And we saw them briefly in this film; it was classified in in the United States but is PG here, so they had to see more of her breasts than us).
This film does not have the brilliant and the high production values of other action films such as Broken Arrow, the fugitive, the target lasts or anything with Arnold, but it works to its advantage, I think.
After all, one thing that failed in Woo's Hollywood films is that a certain Hong Kong funkiness that we know and all love (well, some of us do it).
Films like this should not be too pretentious, and that is part of the problem with some of these other films: they try to be too "big" in terms of special effects and pure spectacle.
The maximum risk has its share of car prosecution and explosions, but they do not overwhelm the film or harm our attention from the story (not too much, anyway).
The emphasis is put on the characters and their interactions (even if, sometimes, they do not make much sense).
In fact, one of the most interesting aspects of the film is a minor character, a rather exaggerated New York taxi driver (Frank Van Keeken of "Kids in the Hall" on television), which begins like a joke but becomesAn important part of the history.
Unfortunately, when we were really interested in him, him ... well,
you will see .
The film also presents decorations of the type we expect from LAM and its compatriots from Hong Kong.
One is a fight in a Russian sauna, with a lot of muscular and muscular male flesh (it will appeal more than certain parts of the public than others), bullets in the head and vodka.
Another, my personal favorite, is a fight in a meat packaging house, with pig carcasses and a chainsaw.
And even predictable car prosecution is more Hong Kong than Hollywood, because they throw these picturesque French coffees, vegetable carts and, well, the French who, we all know in our hearts, deserve the rampage just to be so picturesque.
Of course, the film has its share of stupidity.
For example, while beating the shit of an unpleasant Russian thug which obviously deserves what he gets, Alain stops long enough to look at his own reflection in the cracked mirror with which he hit the guy on his head.
In an unnecessarily dramatic moment, he is apparently shocked by whom He sees, to what he has become.
But what has become of it?
A hard cop who beats the hell of a guy who tried to kill him?
It does not seem too unreasonable to me, given the genre.
But let's face it, whenever Van Damme tries to be dramatic, he looks silly.
The maximum risk is therefore a little different from most other action films.
Looking at it, I was surprised and a little disappointed, by the relative lack of pyrotechnics.
But to look at some of these other action films is a bit like living a rush towards sugar; after the initial excitement, there is not much left.
Although it's short of show, Lam's film leaves a better and more durable impression, I think.
I am more impressed now than me looking at him, and for me, it's a good sign.
Go see a maximum risk, but don't expect a typical Hollywood action film; expect a kind of Hong Kong-Hollywood action film.
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.
Dr. W.White teaches cinema in the English language and literature department of the National University of Singapore, but we do not hold it against him.