_BeLoved_ by Jonathan Demme, based on the book Toni Morrison, is a skilled literary adaptation study.
On the one hand, the film manages to recreate key moments of the novel, evoking the pragmatic narrative style of Morrison without using his author's voice.
On the other hand, Beloved omits some of the finest details of the book, promoting a story behind the ambiguous defined on which to build the main events in history.
This choice is intelligently made of this, because it creates an open space in which the wide range of emotions in history can give gestation and develop.
Indeed, the impact of the film is so extended that a large part of it can only be felt long after the end of the end credits.
_Beloved_ takes place in the second half of the 19th century, during the so-called era of reconstruction after the civil war.
For newly watered slaves, it is a period of confusion and agitation.
Oprah Winfrey is Sethe, a slave who escaped a plantation from Kentucky and took her children to an Ohio farm, where she hoped that terror would end.
What she didn't know is that it would follow her there and stay with her long after the physical threat has disappeared.
_Beloved_ finally tells the story of Sethe's pardon search, a halty long by an unforgettable sin.
The film begins with a drearly day ten years after the escape of Sethe, while a violent and invisible energy rocks its dilapidated farm.
Invisible hands terrorize his family, throwing objects through the parts, the tremor tables, the fitted floor boards.
The sons of Sethe run away, perhaps for good, leaving Sethe and his daughter Denver to fend for themselves.
The manipulation of Demme in fact of this supernatural element is only one of the intriguing aspects of _BeLoved_.
All the characters have for granted that ghosts are real.
When Paul D (Danny Glover) - A former slave who escaped Kentucky with Sethe - arrived at the house eight years later and is confronted with the infernal visions of the ghosts, he does not run terror.
Instead, he asks who is the ghost.
As in Morrison's novel, Demme quickly establishes that the horror of history will not come because of the ghost itself, but of the terrifying past in which the ghost was created.
Sethe is the one who is haunted, but the ghost of the house is the least of his fears.
In fact, the ghost is one of the reasons why it chooses to stay.
The story takes a bizarre turn with the appearance of Beloved (Newton Thandie), a young woman dressed in black who appears on the lawn of the Sethe front, pressed Christ against a tree strain.
Sethe and Denver immediately go to the grater woman and try to heal her healthy.
They don't know who it is, but it doesn't matter.
Only Paul D is wary from abroad.
The family does not know that the beloved will lead to many changes and will force Sethe to release a guilt that she has welcomed if urgently for eighteen years.
Winfrey is undoubtedly the biggest asset in Beloved.
She lives in the role of Sethe so convincing that it is difficult to believe that it is the same woman who shines in a television program.
Lisa Gay Hamilton does an impressive job in the emotionally demanding role as a young Sethe, whose appalling actions make her the disturbed woman that we see eighteen years later.
Danny Glover is affable as a friendly Paul D, just like Kimberly Elise as Denver, Sethe's jump daughter.
While the old baby suggests, the old baby's old baby, Beah Richards commands each scene in which she appears.
The least pleasant casting choice in the film is unfortunately that of the role of beloved herself.
Thandie Newton plays the girl with glassy eyes with a denied fervor who is endearing at the beginning, but who becomes upset and involuntarily laughable at the end.
At the start of the sharp aesthetic he used in films such as the silence of the Lambs_ and _Melvin & Howard_, the director Demme used a little dramatic overestimation to pass through the TH E Descriptions lively in Morrison's novel.
The photos of the totemic camera and the landscapes saturated with colors are decidedly rare in the film films, but the few he uses here work in favor of the film.
The most memorable scenes of Belloved_ are those of baby's gatherings suggested in a forest clearing, where the yellow Greefs of nature the entry as much as the words of Sugs.
For the most part, however, Demme maintains its neutrality as a brand director.
This, combined with the Method of Morrison's equally frugal narration, can make _Beloved_ a little a challenge to look at, even those who know the book.
Although the film compliments the extraordinarily good book, it fails by allowing the kind of accessibility that is generally expected from a film.
Nothing is nourished with the spectator.
Morrison's novel is just as enigmatic, but unlike a film, a book can be reduced to allow the different currents and themes of Baratter and absorb.
The film begins as _poltergeist_, and ends like _ the purple color_, with shades of _The scarlet letter_ and _little women_ somewhere in the middle.
Taken as a whole, beloved is a disturbing and unique experience, to see with staunch guards and minds.