In Roger Michell's romantic comedy, Notting Hill, William Thacker (Hugh Grant) leads a rather dreary life by retaining his travel bookstore by signaling in the picturesque section of London which gives his name for the film.
One day, the superstar of the American film Anna Scott (Julia Roberts) enters to buy a book on Turkey.
Quickly in love with each other, the two embark on a booming love story, filled with romance, humor and occasional bump in the throat.
The film opens onto a non -verbal benchmark for Anna's celebrity while title credits appear on an assembly of movement sequences in slow motion featuring the appearances of the actress in the films and during the first - outof limousines, walking the red carpets and others.
Without words, this sequence gives us background to his character.
However, a William configuration narration indicates what he does and where he lives.
I do not know why the filmmakers have chosen to go with a narration which tells us nothing that we could not have understood by watching the first ten minutes of film, and which never resurfaces after the start of the film, butThere are.
If there was never a clear case for "less it's more", that would be all.
The film is told almost the first person from William's point of view, as it is in each scene.
By nature of this arrangement, we have a very precise meaning of what it is, and its nice personality wins us easily.
In fact, a large part of the Notting Hill force lies in the great dialogue written for this character by Richard Curtis.
A scene where William is always in shock from the fact that he even speaks to a silver screen goddess is made golden by the way in which he is through his attempt to offer him apricots soaked in honey from his refrigerator.
Or take a case where Anna kisses William and asks her to never tell anyone for fear that the incident will hurt her image.
William assures that he wouldn't say a word, then adds: "Well, I will probably tell myself from time to time, but I would never believe it."
Super stuff.
The disadvantage of spending so much time with William is that we do not see enough Anna to make their relationship whole and plausible.
We are constantly exposed to the thoughts, feelings, actions and desires of William, but we don't really have a sense of what Anna really feels for him.
There are a few cases where she declares her obvious interest, but they almost come out of nowhere due to the fact that we are not sure of what she thought every time between the two.
This, combined with the pure iniquity of the screen time between the two, makes Hugh Grant's film hands down.
He obtains the major scenes (search for one in which he must represent an interviewer of the Horse and Hound magazine in order to speak with Anna), the main lines, and gives a global performance.
Fans of Julia Roberts will probably be disappointed with the best billing of the actress and the subsequent lack of involvement in the film (Ala Sandra Bullock in a time to kill) with her detached performance which only worsens through unpredictable behaviorof his character.
Anna does not get much of our compassion.
This romantic comedy leans a little more towards comedy than romance, a large part provided by Grant himself, but with considerable help from the distribution of support.
The most notable is Rhys Ifans like Spike, the eccentric roommate of William, who is in the film to nothing other than to make us laugh.
Hugh Bonneville, Emma Chambers, James Dreyfus and Gina McKee evoke custody as an older and family of William, in particular brilliant in a scene where William brings Anna to her sister's birthday dinner, and we can see how these peoplecommons react to the presence of a film star in the middle of them.
It is a scene that most of us will probably think that we will play in our own salons if we have confronted a similar situation.
The use of Roger Michell's visuals does not swing us Our feet, but gives us more than your typical film of this type.
For example, there are a few instances in this film where the big quantities of time pass.
While some films are content to simply put a legend saying "eight months later", Michell presents more interesting clues to us, like William's Walk in his neighborhood while the seasons change around him.
Another memorable blow occurs in a park where the camera is raised from the ground level a few hundred feet in the air.
We are generally used to scenes where our point of view is lifted from the earth at the trees, but in this case, the camera continues to go up and go up until we have a view of the eyes of the ground below.
Music is used in a fairly manifest way as an improvement of many scenes from the film, and part of this could be better attenuated, but in other areas, it works with full effect.
It is a kind of mixed bag, but is dried up even better than many light films today which are so influenced by the MTV price that the film becomes a long clip.
At least this film has good music which, for the most part, remains relevant and appropriate.
The subsidy and Roberts of Notting Hill will not descend into history as one of the greatest films agreements, but the chemistry is decent and the comic aspects of the film no longer compensate.
For a few hours, you should expect to laugh more than cry, and it's not that bad, isn't it?