Scream 2, like his predecessor, is a gender transfer film.
It is a horror film at around 50% and 50% of mystery of murder.
The mixture worked very well the last time and it continues to be entertained this time.
Scream was also known for his self-referential tone.
Many interior jokes have been made in reference to horror films and Wes Craven.
Again, Scream 2 follows suit with characters saying things like "sucks sucks" and "all the kind of horror was destroyed by consequences".
The story of Scream 2 is very similar to that of its predecessor.
Sidney (Neve Campbell), having survived the madness of killing in Scream, is now at university.
Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) wrote a book on murders and this book has now been released as a feature film, entitled Stab (which, for all practical purposes, is the real film Scream).
During the STAB premiere, two students from Sidney's College are stabbed to death and a new story begins.
The press descends on Sidney and her college to get the scoop on this killer immediately.
They want to know everything about the links between Stab, Sidney and recent murders.
The most complex self-defense I have seen (this should be an Olympic event) was the scene where Gale Weathers asked questions at a press conference.
The rest of the press was watching and filming the Weathers.
Scream's other survivors were watching and filtering the press.
The public looked at the whole filmed scene.
 (Phew.)
The film is filled with layers and self-references that make it a pleasure to watch.
Even better would be to watch a double feature of Scream and Scream 2. This does not mean that these references necessarily make Scream 2 a deep film, even a good film.
Just add it to the pleasure of looking at it.
I also recommend it for other reasons.
What I liked most in the horror aspect of the film is that the monster is not supernatural.
No werewolf or ghost or psycho with superhuman force is responsible.
He is a person in a mask and a dress, his only advantage the fear he strikes in his victims.
No extraordinary act of faith is necessary to believe the killer.
The downside is that if you are afraid of horror movies, you have fewer motifs to say "it's just a film".
The whodunit aspect of the film is not so great to itself - Gale Weathers and deputy Dewey (David Arquette, also of the original) find a killer.
They are friendly, but not exceptional.
But in combination with the horror aspect, whodunit is a perfect counterpoint.
Exactly a year ago that I wrote Scream's criticism.
The Internet film database says that Scream 3 is in preparation, so I wonder if I will do the same on January 1, 1999.
If Craven and the screenwriter Kevin Williamson are able to keep the quality high, I will be happy to mark my calendar.