Of all the films that I came to see this year (1997), I think that only Amy's prosecution had so many moments of "laughing aloud".
I am not saying that I was rolling hysterically on the ground while waiting while waiting for Guffman, but my mouth opened its doors with at least a laughing at least every two minutes.
And I think I am the kind of person who laughs at least films, even when I find them funny.
Usually, everything you can get out of me is a warm smile, so make me laugh out loud, and so often, it's a very good sign.
The expectation of Guffman is the story of Blaine, Missouri, a city celebrating his 150th anniversary, and the musical which is set up for the big event.
The play is directed by Corky St.Clair (Christopher Guest, who also wrote and produced this "model" as well as co-writing several original musical numbers), the effeminate hope of Broadway determined to make this production a shattering success.
Teaming with St.clair is a handful of residents of Blaine: Allan Pearl (Eugene Levy), a Jewish dentist who spent his youth not like the class clown, but sitting right next to him and studying him, RonAnd Sheila Albertson (Fred Willard and Catherine O'Hararespectively), a married couple throwing their goal on Hollywood, Libby Mae Brown (Parker Posey), the dense but fun queen of the dairy queen and a few others.
Everyone in this film is brilliant, absolutely so, but Levy stands out particularly.
These characters are represented with such sad realism that you cannot help but love them, as pathetic as they are really.
Although Levy stands out, Guest, Willard, O'Hara and Posey are all wonderful and should certainly be congratulated for their performance!
If there was an Oscar for an overall performance, it is the group that should sweep it.
A little humor was a bit uneven from the rest of the film and, even after starting very humorous, they almost lost me with the somewhat long intros.
As delicious as it is, it started to become monotonous.
Fortunately, just as you are about to say "OK, I may have to run to the toilet", they finally exceed the intros and on the rehearsal scenes.
Like a play, this film gives a very three act sensation, the intros (funny, but almost too long), the rehearsals (even more funny), and finally, the real performance of the room (excellent!).
As I said, each character really shines, even when it is done with a subtle approach.
You can't really watch these people and don't think they are real people!
Even the way they speak, with clumsy breaks and triples that do not feel staged at all, you have the impression of watching a real documentary, although funny.
And even with silly words, the original songs when the room is finally set up, are absolutely wonderful!
Like a word to note, despite his note "R", waiting for Guffman is really quite clean.
This note came from a brief and very brief use of the grandfather of all the swears.
Even if you really mind, let me say that it is not presented in a vulgar and cheap way.
It's actually quite humorous and tastefully made!
It could be difficult to know what to expect while waiting for Guffman.
It is an silly humor, but it is also so dry, subtle and intelligently made that you are not insulted by it.
It's always really nice to see a comedy that is not all slapstick and vulgarity, and this film is one of the best of the best!
I would recommend seeing it!