Dora (Fernanda Montenegro) sits behind a makeshift desk at the main station of Rio + S.
She, in her colorful behavior, offers a service that is unknown in the United States.
She writes letters for illiterate, who cross, to try to find lost parents, find love or seek after lost debts.
Elle + s eccentric, it + elderly, it + kindly.
Totally worthy of confidence, right?
no chance .
Once at home, she never sends these letters, saves money on shipping costs and savoring the drama contained therein with her neighbor Irene (Mar? Lia P? Ra).
One of the letters is sent by a young mother with her nine -year -old son, looking for their father.
Shortly after, it was struck by a bus and the son is an orphan.
The days pass, and the boy, named Josu?, Wanders around the station, hungry, desperate and somewhat ignorant of his prediction.
Through a series of too precious circumstances to develop, Dora somehow takes responsibility to try to find Josu?+ Father.
This means leaving Rio's safety, going to the outskirts of Brazil, where the non -paved roads, the religious faithful and the poor become commonplace.
Films like this remind me of what I like in certain foreign films.
This is an opportunity for me to get a new breath in another part of the world, so far from mine.
He does it entertainingly, and so decorated.
And yet, the backdrop + S is simply that.
The emphasis is placed on the meticulous transformation of Dora, the way she learns to love this little child, without being disgusting or sentimental.
The most interesting backdrop is the quantity of religious dedication in the film.
Dora being a amoral scam, could worry less about the quantity of quarrels between the lighting of the candles of Catholics compared to the mentality of the bumper ship of the evangelicals.
But neither of them is trivialized.
It even begins to develop an affection for a non -drinking evangelical, which sees the problems with Dora, if not initially.
Fernanda Montenegro surprisingly obtained an Oscars appointment for this very delicate performance, but the real Marvel is that of Vinicius de Oliveira, who plays Josu?.
He, like the discoveries of J? Mie Renier (_The promise_) and Giorgio Cantarini (_life is Beautiful_) prove that the real actor's discoveries can be outside the United States.
It's a natural and never once.
Send a memo to Jonathan Taylor Thomas.