Synopsis: In response to accusations of sexual prejudice in the armed forces, a woman responsible for naval intelligence is chosen to be a test case.
If it can survive the demanding art.
Training, she will open the way to other women to be authorized to follow her traces.
Add a lot of political machinations, sabotage, brutality, water and sand and you have an entertaining film.
Critality: The title of this film first deactivated me.
I mean 'Gi Jane?' ?????
The other titles considered promising were more promising - looking for honor or a question of honor would have been acceptable although Navy Cross or not disclosed have devoid of meaning as far as I am concerned.
I entered this film without loving the title and being one of those people who think that Demi Moore is absolutely horrible as an actor.
To my surprise, I really enjoyed the film.
Moore as Lieutenant Jordan O'Neil is much more sympathetic than her washed out excuse for a woman in a burst in some good men.
The story is simple.
Anne Bancroft playing senator Lillian Dehaven is a tireless and Machiavellian politician with a program to push.
Using feminism to achieve political mileage, it forces military powers to go back and allow a case of test to enter the very intensive navy.
training .
Jordan is selected due to the fact that she has everything - appearance, brain and strength.
The training is exhausting and the indignity almost painful to look at.
Nevertheless, it is one of those films that makes me want to withdraw and encourage the unhappy hero / heroine in his efforts.
Of course, there are stereotypical elements - inhuman treatment, sexual innuendos, resentment peers, a painful boyfriend and a sexist commander.
However, stereotypes, Viggo Mortensen as master chef John Urgayle tries to move away from being nothing more than a brutal crier.
His character exercises a little more intellectual rigor than you expect normally from such a character.
Jordan Royce's boyfriend is also in the army.
Although they both started at the same time, because he saw an active service, he progressed in the ranks much faster than she did.
Royce (what is his last name?
We care?)
Almost wanting Jordan's attempts to progress, although he settles down quickly to be in the eyes of doe and support.
Her character seems to have been thrown away so that we know that you do not need to be a lesbian to want to be in the army.
Partly, it is a very silly film, with free lines and scenes that are so clearly obvious or artificial that it is difficult not to cringe.
I always liked it.
Aside from the weaknesses of the script, it is a film that captures a heroic and reckless mood.
While we look at the battle of Jordan, it is more and more clear that it is a personal battle.
This is the struggle of an individual for self-aviance.
We do not need our teeth to slip on the edge by didactic predictions, we do not have to feel uncomfortable because we push the ideology in our throat.
It is enough that we can sit down and hope that this one person gets what they want and that we can admire its tenacity and determination without going out and say whether we think that women should go to battle or not.