This "stupid" cowboy blonde who thinks he is a good lover of the good lover, decides to leave his dusty city somewhere in Texas and go to New York.
He puts on his beloved cowboy outfit and he jumps on the next New York coach.
When he arrives in New York, he immediately proposed to play Mr. Playboy by thinking that he is the best `` sacred '' Stud 'in Whol'o' New York.
Obviously, he fails.
He meets the Rico "Cripple" (Dustin Hoffman, who is terribly good) in a bar.
Rico has a leg that is paralyzed with the knee, so he walks particularly.
Rico is a thief and wants to withdraw money from this stupid "rich" cowboy.
He deceives our $ 20 cowboy thanks to a somewhat detailed routine and disappears.
Soon, our cowboy lacks money: he is expelled from his hotel and is starting to be hungry.
By walking in the city, with "Everybody's Talkin '" playing in the background (Oh, and his techno transistor radio in hand), he spots Rico in a cafe.
Rico, half Scarti, pours all the money into his pocket.
60 cents dirty.
Our hungry cowboy forgives.
He is happy to have found someone he knows.
Rico offers to make up for it.
And he invites him to his place.
And what a dirty and cold place it is.
Our cowboy instantly falls asleep in the bed (junk food.
When he finally wakes up (jumps?)
Above, he finds Rico looking at him.
 "Do you want Cup''Coffee?"
Rico asks for his friendly, ladle and some unskilled way while he smokes on a Ciggy.
 "What are you?
A fucking fag?
What do you want from me ?
where are my shoes ?
What did you do with them? "
But all his doubts prove unfounded.
Rico really has a heart.
Together, they live in the apartment of the junk and almost freeze to death.
Rico is convinced that the best place where to be is Florida, where the sun shines beautifully and that there are a lot of coconut palms.
But he falls ill and is convinced that his remedy is to go to Florida.
 "We will soon be in Miami" is the last sentence pronounced in this film and what a shocking and moving end of a film.
Classical themed music: "Midnight Cowboy" helps to cause the feeling of attachment that most viewers will experience towards the end of the film.
Whether the attachment is to the two main characters or their dreams, is probably as questionable as knowing if it was the game or the direction that makes this film so memorable.