Let me start by saying that leading to the release of Bond's latest film, I really didn't expect him as much as I do with some of the previous films.
I do not know if it is the fairly dull bands or the fear always present that the next film will fall back into the miserable ways of the Timothy Dalton years.
I am happy to announce that doubts were erased after the first 10 minutes of the film.
At this point, it was obvious that Mr. Bond was back with revenge.
All the doubts would probably have been erased earlier, except for the fact that the first ten minutes of the film were not exactly a pleasant experience.
It seems that no one has told the geniuses working in the theater that the lights of the house should be extinguished when the film begins.
It took a reminder to a member of the public to indicate them.
I guess they can be excused, take tickets and clean the popcorn between emissions is extremely trying on the brain.
Anyway, after someone remembered what the lighting switch was for, I settled for Bond.
I think that the most notable aspect of this, the 19th film in the series, is that it really goes back to the style of the cheek almost to the cheek of the Roger Moore films.
There were probably more liners in this film than in the last handsets.
And the final of Bond in the film is the best in the series.
The world is not sufficient also content perhaps the greatest action of all the films in the series.
Everything, from the prosecution of wild boats to the usual assortment of cool liaison gadgets trotted just when there does not seem to be a spell for 007.
For the most part, the action sequences worked very well.
Although there were a bit exaggerated, even for a liaison film.
I think that part of the blame can be placed at the foot of the director Michael Apted.
Although he did a good job for the most part, there were points in the film, especially during the action sequences, that he seemed to lose the site because it was essentially an action film.
The sequences most significantly on a mountain covered with snow and an imply leaping crossing a closing door resembled an appropriate thought that it was running a kind of high eyebrow art film.
It almost seemed that he did not know what he was doing.
But these were brief scenes and should really not withdraw from the otherwise solid work that we did in the staging.
If you've ever seen a movie Bond, you won't be shocked to learn that the intrigue has never been their strong costume.
The world is not enough is no exception.
This time, we have another villain that Bond has to stop for the good of the world.
007 corresponds to Witts with the terrorist Renard (Robert Carlyle), a man who has a bullet housed in his brain which makes him waterproof to pain.
Why this point is included exceeds me.
They took great difficulty in explaining his condition, but that did not happen until later in the film as a scene that can only be described as a reflection afterwards.
Be that as it may, Renard, as the typical terrorist he is, is determined to a hare scheme involving an oil pipeline in the Middle East.
I guess global domination is simply not as attractive for terrorists as a money manufacturing company.
Bond is brought to protect the owner of the pipeline, Elektra King (Sophie Marceau), who is the daughter of one of the recent fox victims.
Along the way, Bond must call on a nuclear scientist, Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards) and her former Valentin Zukovsky (Robert Carlyle) rival.
Like all Bond films, you essentially only have to suspend the disbelief on the intrigue, because it is ridiculous beyond words.
My biggest complaint would be that it was the most disjointed of all Bond films.
There was at least one point that I had to stop and try to remember why Bond was where he was and why he did what he was doing.
The friend with whom I saw the film with W as completely confused by an earlier removal of the character of Marceau.
It was mentioned earlier in the film - although it was not included in the film.
Later, it became a large part of history and left it with the distinct feeling that he had missed something.
But because it is a connection film, the beautiful women and the Nifty gadgets seem to make you forget the script problems fairly quickly.
After all, it's not Shakespeare.
And the casting?
Brosnan seems to improve with each of his appearances in 007.
I grew up with the Roger Moore version of Bond, so I really enjoyed the lighter style that Brosnan brings to the character.
Judi Dench, as M, played a more important role in this film than in his two previous appearances in the role.
She brought the talent with her that we would expect from a winner of the Oscars.
Robbie Coltrane was easily one of the best games of Goldeneye, so it was nice to see his Russian gangster character relaunch in this film.
Coltrane gets more screen time, which simply leads him to steal even more scenes.
Then there are Bond girls.
Sophie Marceau could be one of the most beautiful actresses that work today.
There is just something in her breathtaking eyes that makes her natural to play the innocent victim.
Those who saw her in Braveheart know that she is more than a pretty face.
Marceau is perhaps the most talented actress to have ever played a love interest in Bond.
Then we have Denise Richards.
There was no doubt in my mind that she was thrown exclusively for her appearance.
And after seeing the outfits she has, you have no trouble guessing which part of her anatomy caught the producer's eyes.
I was pleasantly surprised to see that she really did a good job by playing a nuclear scientist.
Admittedly, there was one point that the public sought a little on one of its technical lines of dialogue, but other than that, she compares herself (without puns) to her daughter Bond predecessors.
I must say that the biggest disappointment was the character of Robert Carlyle.
While Carlyle did a good job with the material he had, his character never worked for me.
The producers tried very much to add more complexity to his character, but that has never completely decorated.
I guess I hoped a little more about the whole aspect waterproof to the pain of his character, but the writers decided to play the emotional side of his character.
It might have worked in another film, but I'm not going to see Bond movies for their deep characterizations.
Finally and above all, we have Desmond Llewelyn as it is the 17th appearance for Llewelyn as guys from Bond Gadget, and he is still as good.
Although his screen time has become much more limited in the last films, he is always a treat to watch.
Rumors abound that this could be his last appearance in the role.
He says that future appearances are up to par.
The producers presented his protégé and his future replacement, a clumsy and somewhat pompous character played by the master comedy John Cleese.
Although we did not see it much in this film, I think it is fair to say that the inheritance of Desmond Llewelyn, whenever it is transmitted, will be in very competent hands.
So how does it get caught?
Despite some problems, the world is not enough is a very entertaining film.
And, well considered, the problems he has are small compared to some that tormented the previous connection films.
It is easily the best of Brosnan films.
It may be the best in the whole series, certainly in the top 3.
One thing is certain, even after 19 films, there is still a lot of life in the James Bond series.
Here is the obligation of number 20.