Crazy musical (but inspired) on Alferd Packer, the first man never tried for cannibalism in America.
As the story takes place, we learn what events have led to Packer (Trey Parker) killing and eating the five men who lost themselves while accompanying it through the Colorado mountains in search ofgold.
Throughout, Packer must face the evil trappers determined to steal his precious horse, a tribe of "ute" Indians who does not seem quite on the brand and a terrible winter storm which leads to possible cannibalism.
Parker obviously knows his musicals very well, because the spectator is also entitled to some of the most catchy songs that appear in a film (he would realize this again in his post-city!
Musical film, South Park: larger, longer and not cut).
Apart from the inherent interest in seeing a pre- "South Park" parker and stone in their first effort, Cannibal!
also offers fairly decent laughter.
The Indian tribe "UTE" aforementioned that the Packer's group meetings are a highlight, just like two excited musical numbers about snowman (one of which ends with a deadly deadly note).
The character of Humphrey de Stone steals the show, especially when you complain about the prospect of having to "eat buttocks" or reveal what is under his muffle cap.
The character of Jason Mchugh from Mr.miller is remarkable performance because it offers a hilarious dissenting voice to the procedure.
As I mentioned earlier, Parker's songs are very catchy.
You will find it difficult to get out "it's a day of shpadokle of your head once you have heard it (incidentally, the braniff logo which appears at the end of each episode of" South Park "is noted with a few notes ofCechanson).
Other songs that you will find yourself humming include "When I was Top of You" (a love ballad), "The Trapper's Song" (The Villains Leit Motif), and "Hang the Bastard" (the excited final).
Fortunately, none of these songs is as embarrassing to find you singing in public as South Park: the songs of Bigger, Long & Uncut.
Released as a pickup via Troma Studios, the film is available on Videocassette and DVD.
The videocassette includes an intro of the magnificent Jane Jensen and an interview segment with Lloyd Kaufman, discussing his admiration for Parker and Stone and the fact that they had been hired for a Zucker Brothers film (which turned out to bethe hilarious base base).
There are also several trailers for the next Troma films.
As for the DVD ...
Well, that's another story.
Probably one of the best DVD packages of the year (and potentially of all time), Cannibal!
Musical comedy!
The DVD is a massive achievement.
Presented in 1.33: 1 (complete frame) only, the disc has the inclusions of the usual Troma: the visit of Troma, the Trama Intelligence Test 2, bands for the versions to come, but where the disc really shines in its cannibal!
Specific extras.
The first thing I should note is that the transfer is about as beautiful as everything I have ever seen on any disc.
The image is clear, clear and free from any notable artifact.
Add to that one of the funniest pieces of comments I have ever heard, featuring Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Jason Mchugh, Dian Bachar and Andy Kemler in drunkard and drunkenness while the track isContinue and you have still not scratched the surface of the extras.
There are also behind -the -scenes images of filming the film, a clip with Trey, Matt and Lemmy (from the Motorhead group) of the film Terror Close, an index for the easy location of all the songs of the film, and finally, an indexOf all the songs interpreted by the cast of a scenic production of Cannibal!.
It is good to see this film finally get the treatment it deserves.
Congratulations to all Troma and Aix production staff for having made one of the most entertaining DVDs that I have seen for a very long time.