The most common complaint (and in many cases) against the masterpiece of Francis Ford Coppola in 1972, The Godfather, Glamourizes the Mafia, which is presented as an institution guided by an old tradition and virtues like theHonor, loyalty and solidarity more suited to a certain more gentle and kind and kindly native tradition.
Martin Scorsese, another Italian-American cinema, confronted this perspective with his own more earth-to-terre vision of the Mafia in 1973 medium streets, a film which treated lower levels of organized crime.
Unfortunately for Scorsese, his film was not very spectacular and too artistic to compete with the influence of Coppola on the representations of the mafia in the films.
Seventeen years later, Scorsese returned to New York streets with another film that treated on the darker side of organized American crime.
This film was Goodfellas, Epic Black Comedy which is now considered one of the best films of the 1990s the best and the most influential.
Goodfellas owes part of its initial success and popularity to the fact that it was based on true history, told in the book by Best-Seller Wiseguy by Nicholas Pileggi (which co-written the film screenplay).
The book, as well as the film, have thirty years old in the life of Henry Hill (played by Ray Liotta), an Irish-Italian criminal from New York.
At the age of 13, he was recruited in the criminal organization of Paulie Cicero (played by Paul Sorvino), the local boss of the mafia, and gradually climbs the scale starting with small races.
After a few years, with his best childhood friend Tommy de Vito (played by Joe Pesci), he joined the crew of expert thieves led by Jimmy Conway (played by Robert de Niro).
Three of them spend years like best friends and associates, collecting enormous riches of their criminal companies that would lead to one of the most spectacular flights in American history.
The richness, influence and privileges of men linked to the mafia are enough for Henry Hill to seduce his future wife Karen (played by Lorraine Bracco), who would then remain faithful to her husband despite infidelities, domestic violence, arrests andwould even be an accomplice to her Maripropre private drug trafficking company.
But the perfect world of "Wiseguys" is gradually starting to collapse - Tommy's unpredictable explosions of homicidal violence, Jimmy's reluctance to share his part of the booty with the partners and, finally, Henry's drug habitwould lead to his fall and make him question his sonoyalty to friends.
Goodfellas is an excellent example of a film that represents the work of a film genius in his full glory.
Scorsese managed to create a vision that is effective and complete despite his full contradiction which tore the film in the hands of a less talented filmmaker.
The world represented in this film is both ordinary and fascinating.
Scorsese makes no effort to show us all the violence, hypocrisy and inherent paranoia of organized crime, but he manages to make it both attractive and funny.
After having been exhibited at half past two in the film and three decades of criminal history (on the basis of certain notorious real events), the public understands why the characters have chosen such dangerous ways of life, exchanging glamor and theSuperficial and criminal prosperity to the dullness and poverty of honest citizens.
Scorsese also manages to break the spectator's moralist inhibitions by showing truly revolting equipment - scenes that depict personal tragedies, broken houses, human depravity, violence, blood effusions and murder - in all their reality withoutCompromise, but in a way that would make him fun and funny for the audience.
With the use of the ironic soundtrack, manipulative plans, the character's dialogue or the narrator's commentary, GoodFellas represents the new standards of black humor which would become very popular a few years later at the time of Tarantino.
Even if we do not pay attention to the skills with which potentially deactivate The bing material becomes pleasant and entertaining, we must admit that Scorsese displays his talents as a really original and creative filmmaker.
First, we could notice an unusual structure of the plot - a relatively minor intrigue is used as the ironic prologue of the film.
Then, instead of a single narrator, Scorsese goes to the second character as a narrator in the middle of the film to return to the original shortly after.
These multiple views, both in terms of narration and various subjective shots, only lighten the ironic distance to the characters and their situation.
The same ironic distance is delivered with an extremely effective choice of soundtrack.
Nostalgia for good ancient times is illustrated by easy pop songs in the 1950s, while depression, paranoia and bad weather find their expression in more neurotic rock songs in the late 1960s and 1970s.
But the soundtrack is more effective when used as an ironic comment - the tunes to listen to almost pastoral and easy make a strong and very ironic contrast with the scenes of violence and bloodshed.
However, the thing most associated with this film is a few continuos shots that present characters moving in large rooms and interacting with dozens, even hundreds of people.
Such scenes, although they require very great competence and patience during their shots, have become very popular among the other directors in the 1990s.
The fragmentary character of the scenario, which does not have the right intrigue and bases rather the film on a series of vaguely connected vignettes, gives another interesting opportunity for Scorsese.
He uses this film structure to experiment, and most of the experiences of such experiences are a hilarious segment "A Day in Life" towards the end of the film.
Another essential element of Goodfellas is a large collection of large actor talents.
The most respectable of them is Robert de Niro, but his character, who is the calmest and the most commercial member of the criminal trio, is overshadowed by two of his friends and colleagues.
Joe Pesci deserved his "Oscar" to support the role of the Homicide psychopath Tommy, and his lines, including the AD-Libs, probably represent the most memorable element of the film.
Ray Liotta, although just as talented, may not seem the best choice for the narrator and the nominal hero of the film.
Henry Hill de Liotta looks a little too Hollywood and Glamor among this group of street rods at low level.
Liotta, on the other hand, improves general impression by a very realistic and threatening representation of drug addiction.
Lorraine Bracco is, on the other hand, very effective and credible as Karen Hill, a wife who gradually descends in the same moral sump as her husband.
Paul Sorvino is also very effective as a mafioso patriarch, and among the most memorable support actors is Chuck Low as a little weather gangster who without knowing his own grave.
As a combination of an intelligent sociological study, black humor and innovative cinema Goodfellas have become something that only really great films could do - art work and excellent popular entertainment at the same time.
Because of this achievement, and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers, this cinematic jewel deserves its legitimate place among the best films of the 1990s.