You never know what we are going to get with a Mamet film.
Its American buffalo is a piece linked to set that has very little plot.
Sometimes he tells a story that really moves.
Heist is Mamet does his most entertaining job.
Unlike his Spanish prisoner, there is no lack of credibility.
Heist is probably the best thriller in Mamet since House of Games.
This is the kind of intrigue with which you never know who will double who, and often, it is Mamet to double the spectator.
Watch the film of the film to move with security, the spectator wonders frequently "What the devil do they do?"
Or "Why didn't anyone think?"
In an appropriate way, a heist opens with a very intelligent jewelry work.
He is so intelligent that one wonders if Mamet really thinks of all these ideas himself or if he helps the professional magician and expert con Ricky Jay, now a regular actor in Mamet Films.
It is a flight that works like a well -oiled machine.
There is only one problem and it is enough to have Joe Moore filmed (played by Gene Hackman) on a security camera.
Now Joe must get out of the business.
It was time anyway.
Joe's team, including Bobby Blane (Delroy Lindo), Fran Moor (Rebecca Pidgeon) and Pinky Pincus (Ricky Jay) will separate and separate.
But the boss of the crime Bergman (Danny Devito) pulls the strings and he says that Joe and his people must manage one more flight.
And he has to take a young child, the Jimmy Silk (Sam Rockwell).
Immediately, it is obvious that it happens more than what meets the eye.
A large part of what distinguishes robbery is Mamet's dialogue.
Remarkably, it serves a double goal.
The flight team sounds very professional and at the same time, it has a special sensation of Mamet for dialogue.
Hackman has lines like "everyone needs money.
This is why they call it money. "
Mamet's timing is perfect in the direction but terrible in production.
The intrigue is by chance a bit like the intrigue of The recent The Score, which is, in fact, a very similar story.
The two are good films, perhaps for some of the same reasons.
But at least at a high level, they are roughly the same story.
The other problem with the robbery calendar is that it implies the safety of the airport and the smart means to get around them.
I saw the film at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2001.
It made the subject a little too appropriate.
My understanding is that the press release will be delayed.
My biggest problem with the film is that Rebecca Pidgeon's game sometimes seems very poor.
It is a kind of mamet brand that I do not understand that women speak without inflection, as if they only read words for the first time.
It is an irritation and distracts us from what is otherwise a very good thriller.
It is an evaluating an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a +2 high on the scale of -4 to +4.