Seen on May 31, 1999 on domestic video (rented).
One of the best things about films is that they can really make you start to ask yourself and analyze things in everyday life you might not have thought otherwise.
With some films, it may be just a secondary number, but with "Dark City" what we get is almost an entire film committed to philosophizing and theorizing on human memory and how it defines that we are,which is a poignant theme made through an absolutely failed to be beautifully built with the kind of story and decor that could only occur in a film.
There is an old role -playing game called "D? Ja v?" In which the player assumes the role of a man who does not remember who he is, where he is and how he arrived. "
The objective is to bring together as many clues as possible to understand this and along the way to overcome a conflict.
The premise of this film is no different from this game, only this time that we have no control over the protagonist.
We start by meeting an apparently ordinary man living in an extremely dark and dirty city (in fact, it is more than the city, it is all the reality) which is not only this neo-Gothic look (at the ```Batman ''," Lamerunner, '), but is so fully developed that it is almost a completely different genre.
Later, he will learn that his name is John Murdoch (Sewell), but for the moment, he has no idea what is happening other than the fact that something is not correct.
The fact that there is a corpse in the area will improve the feeling of paranoia and a mysterious and precipitated call telling him to leave immediately is also very frightening.
This opening scene alone contributes greatly to defining the decor of the film and its bizarre and horrible tone.
The man does not know who he is nor where he is going and it is interesting to follow him because we, viewers, have no idea that we can sympathize and identify us.
In fact, this is how all stories start because it is impossible to know the story of a character, their feelings, their values, morality, etc.some time.
But in this case, the total feeling of amnesia is an excellent tool towards characterization, the development of mood and describing it history.
Finally, a semblance of a plot begins to take place because it seems that John is a serial killer sought by the police.
We met Inspector Frank Bumstead (Hurt), an impassive man calm, without emotion and with a soft voice who seems to have been on the killer's track for some time.
Two other important characters are also introduced: Dr.Daniel P. Schreber (Sutherland), a neurotic psychiatrist who claims to be John's doctor; and Emma Murdoch (Connelly), a jazz singer made a character like the outdoorsold series Dick Tracy or a main woman given of old movie-ou films.
It was Schreber who contacted John for reasons which are continuously revealed throughout the film.
He also contacted Emma, which also helps the film to reveal what is apparently a complex and mysterious story.
But absolutely nothing is such that it seems to be in "Dark City", which makes it so fascinating throughout its continuous scenes of confusion and vertigo.
All that the filmmakers want us to see has a certain meaning - given how complex the details are for each plan, its lighting, its artistic direction and its conception of global production, they do not seem to be able to afford.
However, this could also be what prevents him from reaching his maximum potential.
By continuing to follow John as he wanders around this strange place, so unlike the real world that we know, we realize that everything is a hoax.
Everyone in the city is the subject of an experience led by a breed of foreigners to understand what makes humans live their efforts to save themselves somehow from extinction.
But, as the slogan of the film says, "last night, one of us started. '
For reasons AT are never clearly explained, it seems that John has telekinetic powers to do just about everything that his mind can design (a process called "adjustment").
The extraterrestrials, which resemble very old battle -skinned human men, also have mass power and use it to change the city every night at midnight.
At the same time, all humans fall asleep and after the changes, they wake up and continue where they stopped or start a new life, they have no idea that they had not had until then.
This premise is certainly interesting and the director and co-editor Alex Proyas is capable of keeping the film always mysterious in this regard.
He provides some explanations like this Dr. Schreber is an assistant to "foreigners" because he could somehow synthesize memory in chemical form.
The extraterrestrials mix and correspond to the memories of the city's population to see who will change and who will not.
In the process, this creates for many deep and stimulating philosophies that could be applied to the real world.
However, where the film is wrong, it is not to play the idea of memory against the human heart as to what makes a person who is.
The main characters are all closely linked in the mystery of the apparently complex murder that has never really happened, but when they start to go through some of the expected emotions, it turns out to be distant, static and cold (the poor performance of Hurt andConnelly does not help pass is).
For example, John realizes that Emma is not and has probably never been his wife, so he does not feel an emotional link with her, but in certain crucial scenes for the intrigue of the film, we must believethat they have a true love for each other, which is also part of the peak and the end of the film.
And this is what Proyas seems to deduce with the film, but never manages to transmit in its full sense.
Ironically, this is what made his first film "The Crow" so well made a similar theme to fight to find hope and the human mind in an almost identical and dark world.
With "Dark City", the messenger seems to be confused with the message.
However, the film is by no means bad and is always entertaining and pleasant.
There is a lot to love here, in particular the visual look and the visual style which represent at least half of the reasons why the film is capable of telling the story it makes.
The story as a whole is one of the most original to get out of Hollywood for years.
`` Dark City '' are the films - the escape of the real world.