Time Bandits, director Terry Gilliam, is a very different fantastic action film on a group of dwarfs traveling in time, led by Randall (David Rappaport), which stole a card from the universe.
This card contains a time hole that, if it is exploited, allow men to travel in both directions in time.
The supreme being of the universe (Ralph Richardson) is the former employer of these treasures research bandits, and he desperately wishes to find the card.
During travel, he appears as a ghostly face, demanding that they refer the card they have stolen.
But, according to Randall, they "borrow it".
Kevin, a young boy who seems completely bored with his life, is unexpectedly brought into the plans of little men when they appear in his room, who has a portal to travel in time.
He joins men and is part of their gang, following them on their flights.
Their first victim is Napoleon (Ian Holm), which they fly during a battle he commanded.
From there, the group goes to the Middle Ages, meeting Robin Hood himself.
Finally, Kevin is separated from the group and goes to an Egyptian era where he was collected by King Agamemnon, played by Sean Connery.
Kevin accidentally saved the King's life, and the king wishes to have Kevin as a son.
But the bandit group finds Kevin and transports to the Titanic deck.
Meanwhile, The Evil Genius (David Warner) looks at the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness group, tries to find a way to bring men, and the card, to him.
When Randall learns the fortress of ultimate darkness, which contains "the most fabulous object in the world", signs in dollars apparently appear in his eyes, because he is convinced that they must travel there.
Once inside the fortress of ultimate darkness, it is not clear to know if one of the men will go alive.
Time Bandits is a fantastically produced film which is addressed to the imagination of anyone.
With a formidable soundtrack, graciousness of George Harrison, who was also an executive producer, Time Bandits is sure to be a very surreal adventure and traveling in time with unforgettable characters who will not be sure to entertain anyone.
Terry Gilliam, however, does not much use his brand capacity in the creation of films during this film, although this does not affect the film.
And finally, if you liked Labyrinth, you will love time bandits.