An unhappy Italian housewife, a lonely server, a clumsy masseuse, a lot of love and magnificent landscapes all meet in bread and tulips, which turns out to be charming despite her cover of predictable and well worn equipment.
The story concerns the aforementioned housewife, Rosalba Barletta (Licia Maglietta) who accidentally separates from her immediate family on vacation.
Instead of waiting for a return home, Rosalba chooses not to go home to her Italian city, but in place of hitchhiking in Venice.
Upon arrival, she said to her self -centered husband, Mimmo (an excellent Antonio Catania) that she will be at home in a few days.
Of course, this does not happen, because Rosalba quickly gains a level of independence which has been inaccessible in his past life cleaning of floors and grocery purchasing.
In what seems to be days, she moves with the lonely and suicidal server Fernando (Bruno Ganz), obtains a job as a florist, learns the accordion and befriends her neighbor - a lady holistic masseuse named Grazia (MarinaMassironi).
Rosalba, who is seen for the first time with an stretchy pants outfit, begins to wear sexy dresses and get closer to Fernando.
I can think of at least five other films (American) (including green fried tomatoes and a single woman) which are more than similar to bread and tulips.
But Maglietta and Ganz, who act with restraint and care, help bread and tulips to become tired.
Ganz plays the role of suicidal server with a solemn, sometimes playful dignity which is a joy to look at, while Maglietta never reacts on his growing comfort with the outside world.
Throughout the film, Maglietta has a relaxed and confident behavior, which very easily facilitates its attraction and its growing attraction for the character of Ganz.
The magnificent landscape of squares of moonlight cities and sparkling rivers offers a perfect backdrop of history - you may want to ask abroad attractive in the seat behind you for a coffee after the lights areare elected.
The director and co-scriptwriter Silvio Soldini must obtain credit for sprinkling the film with an effective clumsy humor.
The cheap mimmo, desperate to find his wife (after all, he needs his pushed shirts and his mistress will not), hires a job seeker (Giuseppe Battiston) in his bathroom supplies forto do work.
the reason ?
Mimmo discovers that the potential plumber loves detective stories.
The various misfortunes of the novice detective, including saying goodbye to her crying mother, are very funny.
Unfortunately, there are faults that spoil the bread and the joyful tone somewhat.
Rosalba is embarrassed by several surreal dreams during his stay in Venice, which stops the film.
It's like putting a shooting in a Nora Ephron film.
Several details in Fernando's life do not obtain appropriate closure, including his suicidal trends.
At the start of the film, he found himself almost before Rosalba hit the door of his apartment.
After that, Fernando's stage to death is never referred, probably because Soldini wanted to include a warm and underdeveloped underdeveloped intrigue on the stormy past of Fernando.
It looks more like a desperate attempt to inflate the drama in a plot that does not need it.
But there are not many overwhelming negatives in bread and tulips.
The film is fun and romantic, with beautiful landscapes and characters that we would like to live with life if we had the nerve ...
Or if our passports were not lacking.