I was originally going to give the Spanish prisoner two and a half stars.
From my first overview, I noticed that David Mamet's film was sometimes intense and intelligent but boring and shot at other times, especially at the beginning.
Since my second visualization, however, I noticed that the mamet's script was actually a masterpiece.
The Spanish prisoner, such as the usual suspects or the Chinese district, requires the spectator's total attention.
Make a scene or even a little detail, and you could miss the meaning of the whole film.
Like the aforementioned films, he rewards his spectator for paying attention by offering a surprising and memorable end.
Mamet succeeds again what he approached in 1987 when he wrote and produced House of Games.
Like his past jewel, the Spanish prisoner deceives the public as much (or even more) as the victim.
Because we were deceived as the victim, we feel a strong attachment to the main character and, therefore, we are more interested in the film.
Mamet has the talent of not completely finishing an enveloped film gift, but rather to leave an ambiguity towards the end.
The power he has to force the spectator to determine who are the right and bad after the film is finished, without giving a good answer, is unique and ingenious.
The Spanish prisoner will leave you seriously perplexed and intrigued.
After reviewing the film, I noticed that the details used by Mamet are so incredibly accurate that it is frightening.
His direction is very subtle; as he leaves so many clues explaining what is happening and who is who, but it is always very difficult to say what is going on exactly even if you see them all, or think that you see them all.
The story follows a young and future businessman, Joe Ross, (Campbell Scott) who has just created a mysterious and lucrative "process" on which everyone tries to get their hands.
Soon, Ross does not know who he can trust or who is looking for his "process".
Thanks to his trip, Ross meets a certain number of mysterious characters: the rich and popular Jimmy Dell, a secretary who has a huge crush on Ross, and the boss of Ross MR.Klein.
Played by Steve Martin, Rebecca Pidgeon and Ben Gazarra respectively, the support casting is very solid, in particular Martin, who deserved an native nomination for his dominant and manipulative role.
The most interesting character of the film, however, was Joe Ross of Campbell Scott.
The transformation of the character of an ingenious and polished recruit into a paranoid veteran is very apparent and justifiable.
David Mamet's script is so interesting because we know that people do not really speak like the characters in the film, but we feel so connected to some of them.
His attractive style could deceive any spectator for the challenge.
It is a must, for those who wish to resolve a complex puzzle of a film.