"Bulworth" by Warren Beatty is a caustic political comedy that does not attack any particular political group, but rather the rooted insincerity that infected the American political system.
Some might think that this film is vulgar, and in many ways.
However, as strong and noisy as it is, "Bulworth" tells the truth, which is almost always ugly to hear.
Beatty, who directed the film and co-wrote the script with Jeremy Pikser ("The Lemon Sisters"), plays the post of an exercise.politician in the history of cinema.
Bulworth is a democrat and, according to Beatty, he symbolizes everything that has gone wrong with the current Democratic Party.
Once an ideological liberal (as Beatty is still), Bulworth has long succumbed to Washington materialist pressures.
Instead of leading battles for depletions and oppressed, which was once the Democrats' call card, Bulworth has become another closed shopping dog-if he does not accept illegal bribesFrom the insurance lobby or not taking campaign contributions from the Chinese, it is speeches of wind bags which begin with the declaration of Clintonesqe amusing, "America is held at the door of a new millennium...
blah, bla, bla. "
When the film opens, it is a few days before the primary elections of 1996, and Bulworth seated at his office crying because he realizes how corrupted he has become.
In a despair crisis, he withdrew a $ 10 million life insurance policy from a representative of Dirty Insurance played by Paul Sorvino (who is part of a shaded lobby agreement to kill a bill threatening inCommittee), then hire a hitman to kill him, although he does not know who will be the assassin, nor when the blow will take place.
Knowing that he will soon be dead, Bulworth triggers his own brand of political rhetoric on the world, which is made up of politically incorrect truths on the state of American policy and society in general.
In a Compton church, he said to the group of African-Americans that they will have no power in the U.S. unless they "deposit this liquor of malt and chicken wings and put themselves behind someoneother than a ball carrier who stabs his wife ".
Later, in a particularly hilarious sequence, Bulworth mixes with the Hollywood elite, then insults the quality of their films and informs them that the only reason he is there is because "my guys always put the big Jews on mytimetable".
Throughout this physically and politically suicidal getaway, the chief of staff of Bulworth, Dennis Murphy (Oliver Platt), follows behind a state of constant shock and perplexity.
Platt has some of the funniest scenes in the film, because he makes Murphy a politically wise assistant but nevertheless without any idea who is forced to look at his own career behaving by the hunting in the toilet.
His constant half-truth and his spin-doctoring to cover Bulworth's stampede is equaled in his perversion only by a self-justification journalist (Nora Dunn) who acts as Murphy's refusal to explain Bulworth's actions (somethingthat he really cannot do) is in a way a refusal of betrayal Murphyact.
When Bulworth decides that he wants to live after all and must therefore constantly escape an assassin with a dark air to be who drags him with each Tourentiens.
At this stage, Beatty abandons a large part of the political aspect and plunges into a caricatured exploration of the black experience in the city center.
Bulworth becomes friendly with a young black woman named Nina (Halle Berry), whom he meets during the rally of the Harlem church.
She has a brother who speaks deep about a local gangster named l.d.
 (Don Cheadle of "Boogie Nights"), which is also involved in the Bulworth campaign.
Some of the ghetto scenes sound true, but A large part of this looks like a lighter version of scenes represented in more intense films in the city center like "Boyz'n'Hood" (1991) and "Threat II Society" (1993).
 The main responsibility of "Bulworth" is Beatty's insistence on the fact that his character adopts an awkward rap style as a new communication device.
Instead of speaking during political rallies, it is divided into a sort of style of rap without rhythm which recalls why almost all the stars of hip-hop are black.
It is difficult to say if Beatty is humorous by being so bad, or if it is really incompetent.
In any case, the rap sounds more executed D.M.C.
That Snoop Doggy Dogg, which means that the film seems dated instead of contemporary.
Beatty would have been better adopted simply part of the downtown jargon and work this in her speeches, instead of trying to look like L.L.Cool j.
Apart from that, "Bulworth" reaches all its targets with ironic and hilarious precision.
The film is like a mail bomb for the Democratic Party, and even if you do not agree with Beatty's liberal message on the unrelated functions of the federal government, it is difficult to deny the impact of the film in the'Exploration of monetary and morality debauchery infests modern politics.
Unlike the "primary colors" that opened earlier this year, "Bulworth" is not trying to take a look at the truly painful problems that strike near them - it takes them instead.