The Netting Hill trailer is horrible: an assembly without laughing and Schmaltzy.
The film was desperately marketed with the anti-panty crowd threatened, the same women who ignored the love letter.
And it apparently worked.
Perhaps the presence of Julia Roberts-whose appeal beyond these perfect teeth still escapes me a lot to do with the success of the opening weekend of Notting Hill, but the stay of the film is based onword of mouth.
Let me spread a good Buzz for Notting Hill.
Grant plays the role of William Thacker, a travel book owner who works and lies in a small English district called Notting Hill.
In her shop one day wanders the famous actress Anna Scott (Roberts).
A common thief, orange orange juice and a stowed conversation lead to their first kiss, very impetuous (or is it improbable?), Kiss.
A few days later, William sneaned in his sequel to hotels under the guise of a magazine journalist, and thus begins a passionate, although clandesty affair.
 (Aside: the representation of Notting Hill of the press junkets is deadly precise.)
Only Anna's fame - or William of it manifests itself to cause a gap between them.
Richard Curtis exploited the fantasy we have all considered, and for at least his first half hour, the "Beauty and the Beast" type script is an (romantic) escape of the highest order.
As with Groundhog Day or Pleasantville, while looking at the comedy at High Concept Notting Hill, we imagine constantly in mind; it is the ordinary of William who incites Anna spoiled and bored.
Curtis (which previously wrote four weddings and a burial) is also intelligent enough to know that the situation of the improbable couple is not enough to fuel two hours of entertainment, so some of the best moments of Notting Hill are going around friends and familyEccentric of William.
Now, dear reader, you've probably heard a lot about the performance of Rhys Ifans as a roommate Imbecilic Welsh by William.
Yes, it is a pleasure of the crowd, a gag on foot, but his character is not as involved as the Bella (McKee, the anxious waitress of Naked) or Max (Tom Mcinnerny), his villaina husband.
In the best sequence of the film, William, Anna and Company are sitting around the last concocion of Max and hold a competition: the last brownie on the table goes to the restaurant with the saddest life.
The scene ends only because a British writer would end.
If anything, fantastic bits like these dulls the dramatic impact of the main plot.
Roberts and Grant, in particular, are attractive, but their relationship is compared too many times (four marriages have suffered from similar defects), and William and Anna have only one thing in common: they are alone.
 (is worth noting in favor of Roberts and Grant: the omnipresence "I am just a girl, standing from a boy, asking her to love his" episode is not as syrupy as it appears in the clips, and he presents part of the best emotion, one or the other actor has ever done.
Notting Hill is nevertheless pleasant; on the visual side of things, I particularly appreciated the number of fun changes from Michell.
If only (and it is a surprising minor reproach), he had removed the flagrant epilogue; for a story that thrives on what we bring to it, the filmmakers work too hard to put things away, leaving our imagination in the rhythm.