Land: Odin is an excellent high school basketball player.
He goes out with a hot girl and the coach likes her ass.
In fact, the coach even admits having paternal feelings towards him.
Unfortunately, the real son of the coach, Hugo, is not too happy to hear this.
In fact, he does not like to hear from Odin's triumphs because they generally replace his.
So what did he decide to do?
Well, let's just say that he starts playing with people's heads and that a thing leads to something that leads ... Well,
you will see .
Critality: a very powerful "non -adolescent" film, completely depressing and well played with a bunch of adolescents.
The director of credit Tim Blake Nelson for having created a modern version of this classic Shakespearean, located in a realistic high school environment, with the basketball championships as a backdrop and a feeling of imminent misfortune like the heart.
You must also abandon all the actors in this film, who put very convincing performances, taking you through all the ups and downs of their characters.
Hartnett above all should be applauded for having taken such a contemptible character, a guy you just want to grasp by the throat and beat the shit (sign of a good actor, if you ask me).
Phifer also comes to play in this film, with a nice mixture of charisma, fear, love and anger spread over his character.
I was always on the side of this guy and I really felt sorry for him when things were advancing.
Julia Stiles was also good, but her character was not very different from the others she played recently.
However, I was very surprised by the projection of Martin Sheen, because I had not taken it too seriously as an actor in recent years.
His character is definitely exaggerated in this film, but I appreciated his fervor, his rage, his ultimate and blind desire to win above all.
An excellent example of a work executioner who cannot see the trees of the forest.
I had some reservations on the film.
First of all, what was with all the hip-hop gangsta music used in just about all the other stage transition?
It was cute at first, but became a little too obvious and boring after a few times.
The film was also published quite hoppily ... as
Some scenes were cut and no one "cleaned" it later.
I also did not like the fact that the character of Hartnett, the man behind a large part of the wickedness that falls in this film, was infallible.
In other words, almost everything they say or asks someone happens automatically and without any goofuup.
I mean, I know that the guy is intelligent and everything, but I would have appreciated a little more "realism" in certain circumstances.
But overall, the film will devastate you.
It is not an "funny film".
It is not a film on the high school basketball team and how his black star falls for the white girl on the other side of the slopes.
It is jealousy, love, envy, fury, passion, revenge and almost any other negative thought that has ever crossed your head.
Is it worth seeing?
Oh, certainly!
 (word game) It is a moving image with great performance, no Shakespearian speaks (thank you, God!) And a work of exceptional director of Nelson.
The final scene alone is enough to send a massive cooling in your spine, and I was particularly impressed by the choice of director's music towards the end.
In fact, the whole sequence completely recalled the final scene of Taxi Driver, and I guess that said something there.
Where does Joblo come from?
10 things I hate about you (7/10) - Election (7/10) - Hamlet (6/10) - Love's Labal's Lost (8/10) - Natural Born Killers (9/10) - Save the LastDance (7/10) - Shakespeare in Love (5/10)