When _Star Wars_ was released twenty years ago, the image of trips through the stars has become a current image.
When the Millennium Falcon moves in the stars, we see constellations, meteor showers and cool space ships.
When Han Solo goes at light speed, the stars change in light lines, going towards the spectator in the lines which converge at an invisible point.
cool .
_OCTOBER SKY_ offers a much simpler image - that of a single white point, traveling horizontally through the night sky.
Was it really only forty years ago, when Sputnik was launched, and that before, no satellite never existed?
Have we become so technologically advanced that we have forgotten that there are nearly two generations where people were out of breath to see a then technical achievement, even if they were Russians?
It seems HOKEY, but when this scene occurs towards the start of _Octuber Sky_, I found myself caught up in the enthusiasm of Homer Hickam, played by Jake Gyllenhaal.
Determined to make a breach in the space race, he becomes pierced with his desire to make a rocket which could fly like the best of them.
These are films like this that we know the end while we buy the ticket.
When the charming professor Miss Riley (played by Laura Dern), suggests that he is entering his conclusions in the National Sciences Fair, we know exactly who will win.
But joy in a film like this is in the small details.
For example, Homer is clearly not the strongest student in his class.
If he has strong points, it is a vision without settre and a good organizer.
This means that he may have to lose his reputation by associating with the most Nerd child in school, who knows more about the science of rockets than him.
This means that if his father forbids him to shoot rockets on the property of the company (that is to say, the whole city of coal extraction), he must walk eight miles in a way, just to installThe rockets, which will fail, fail, and will fail to stir again.
Homer + S Dad is played by Chris Cooper, one of my favorite actors since _lone Star_.
Here, he plays the antithesis of the character he played in _Matewan_: instead of organizing the union rallies, he is the chief of coal minors, who constantly twists his hands against the unions.
It will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year: note how multidimensional his character is.
He is his last sworn enemy, like the one who most likely interferes with his dreams of son +.
But he really likes his son and wants to see him succeed in the only way he knows.
by extraction of coal.
Due to its character, we can see how far we are going.
The Revolution of Modern Technology has allowed us to see society advancing at a much faster rate than any generation in front of us.
We do not understand that there were the generations of the industrial revolution who knew no other way to raise a family.
The paradigm moved under the feet of the father + S, and he knew no other life.
So _Octuber Sky_, far from simply a film inspiring with well-being, offers a lot of material for reflection.
And this is the best type of inspiring film; the one you take something with you.
BTW, the final image of the film is just as simple, is a contrast as strong as the horizontal white point aforementioned on the bottom of the night sky.
Another current image, of course, but it had to be breathtaking forty years ago.