Seen on December 28, 1997 at 8:45 a.m. P.M.AU CROSSGATES Mall Cinema 18 (Guilderland, NY), theater # 8, with Matt Perreault and my sister Jena for free (Matt paid using prepaid passes).
If there has never been an exception to the dangers of excessive clichés and non-stop action, James Bond's films are.
And if there has never been a James Bond film which not only proves it, but the fact by pushing it to the extreme, "Tomorrow Never Dies" is it.
Opening sequences almost always break action films.
When they are done properly, not only are they really exciting, but they prefigure things to come.
This film begins on the right foot by establishing the kind of atmosphere that could only be found in an action film, but with a sense of the attached universe, where James Bond's films occur.
First there is a high -tech and slightly complicated scene involving a British warship crossing hostile Chinese waters.
There is a final tension because there seems to be an unknown, but certainly hostile, involved third party manipulates both sides.
When the scene ends with a tragedy, it is clear that there is a kind of powerful conspiracy in progress, and who else to call for such a case but James Bond?
The film uses a good judgment in the way it presents Bond (Brosnon).
As the enemy was described as bad and mysterious, the link is clearly (and obviously) describes as a hero outside and out of failure.
He alone takes out a small army of terrorists, then must escape in time by flying off on a fighter plane while the co -pilot tries to strangle him and a terrorist in another jet tries to shoot him!
It may look like the kind of shots like this is known for (too) using, but it works here because the film knows how to get our attention quickly.
It is not a question of gain, because it is obvious that Bond will escape, but it is the way in which he treats the action sequences by going above and not apologizing, while creating forA spiritual hysterical comedy.
It seems less important to emphasize the bad guys in thrillers, due to politically correct, and quite simply a copy in the name of the filmmakers (even the term "nasty" sounds pass).
What the film deserves congratulations is his ability to create a bad as obnoxious as they come, but making him seem completely plausible.
Jonathon Pryce offers perfect performance as arrogant and cunning Elliot Carver, a media tycoon whose aim is to take control of the world, that is to say by his massive media empire, not by nuclear weapons.
Thanks to an interesting detective work, Bond and the English Defense Ministry believe that Carver is the source of the brewing disorder in the South Asian seas as a way to create and cover its own news with precision.
Not only is it an original idea for a conflict, but which could resume reality.
Surprisingly, this is about as detailed as history makes it possible to become the specific intrigue.
The film's hook is action, and of course these nice gadgets and we have a lot here while Bond comes out to investigate Carver and finds itself in a jam or two along the way.
The story works a bit like leap itself - always on the run and focuses more on individual conflicts than any general plot.
In one way or another, a Chinese agent, Wai Lin (Yeoh), comes up against too much and they find themselves working together.
The chemistry between Brosnon and Yeoh is rigid, but also works because of this, not despite this.
The two are constantly on the run from Carver and his henchmen, but the film manages to balance the waterfalls and the special effects with its intelligent history.
Although "Tomorrow Never Dies" is far from perfect, it is a film quite impressive in terms of ability to be so cliché and cartoony and not make plausibility a problem.