Gordon Fleming (Peter Mullan) is in a link.
He has a new unexpected baby and his business, the elimination of dangerous materials, risks passing.
When he and his crew obtained an opportunity for employment at the Danvers state hospital for a long time, he underweight the competition to obtain the contract and promises to do the work of three weeks in one.
This will be a fateful week for them all in "Session 9".
Gordo obtains work to eliminate asbestos and other dangerous materials from the former scary psychiatric hospital in preparation to move the city offices.
Their guided tour of the establishment by a local official, Bill Giggs (Paul Guilfoyle), brings them through certain scary parts of the old asylum.
But, a job is a job and, if they finish in a week, as promised, there is a bonus of $ 10,000 in store.
As they arrive at their work, things, normal and not so normal, begin to happen.
Gordon hears a disembodied voice giving it.
Phil (David Caruso) is in conflict by working with a guy, Hank (Josh Lucas), who sees his old girlfriend.
Mike (Co-Scran Steven Gevedon) discovered a cache of heaps and audioties transcriptions of the old psychiatric sessions (hence the title) with the prisoner Mary Hobbs, a multi-personalality patient with a dark secret.
The nephew of Gordo, Jeff (Brendan Sexton III), suffers from night phobia and is afraid to venture into the dark bowels of the hospital.
While the agreed week shoots an end, Hank mysteriously disappears from the workplace after a night confrontation with someone (something?) In the hospital.
Tensions go up and be wary among the others as they look at their luck for the bonus to start to escape.
But, there is more, much more, at stake while the hospital and its history of madness weigh on them all.
I don't want to give too much story of "session 9", so I'm going to stop there.
What we have here is a scary horror film that does not use any of the cheap photos to jump you yourself that have become partial with horror films since the advent of "Halloween" and "Friday the thirteenth.
There is no cat that jumped from darkness or shock to suddenly see itself in a strategically placed mirror.
With the exception of a dark and frightening image at some point, a scary interlude in the film, there are few things that you can make your arms with regard to what, in particular, is"scary".
Looking at "Session 9", I became aware of the subtle things that were built during history which make it a real horror film.
The high -definition video camera work striking by Uta Briesewitz (who worked with the director, Brad Anderson, on his "next stop of the wonders") helps to strengthen tension with close -ups, a movement of fluid camera and anglesstrange in a way that would be the pride of Alfred Hitchcock.
Music is also used for an intense effect, joining the camera to make the scenes simple frightening, even horrible.
Add these technological exploits with an intelligent story that uses elements of "The Shining", "The Blair Witch Project" and, even "The Massacre of the Texas chainsaw" and you get a decent and intriguing horror film.
In addition, the brilliant decision to take at the Danvers state hospital gives the film another star character, the institution itself, which lends even more chills to the equation.
The theater is another factor that raises the "session 9" above the usual dreck presented in recent horror tubes like "Scream", "I know what you did last summer" and their consequences.
These films have taken beautiful generic actors and actresses, well generic and used them to build a number of bodies, substituting chaos for a real horror.
Anderson rather chose to use mature and experienced actors like Peter Mullan and David Caruso to fill the shoes of his characters and the difference in quality of casting is notable.
Mullan, in particular, puts an arc on his character, Gordon, like Tro Ubled Guy who falls slowly and inexorably under the pressures of the family, work and, finally, from the Danvers state hospital.
The rest of the small distribution corresponds to the bill as people, not just fodder for chaos.
David Caruso, as a senior man from Gordo and almost equal in the company, shows how good he is an actor.
He made the leap from the "NYPD Blue" of television to film far too early and his decisions in the roles he took (I will never forget the horrible "jade") were less than stars.
He wraps the sleeves and does the job well here.
Gevedon, Lucas and Sexton are more than fodder.
The only problem with "Session 9" lies in the end without inspiration.
He takes a fairly conventional final which covers an old field and is a little disappointed after the formidable (and inspired) accumulation.
The pleasure arrives there and I wish that Anderson and Gevedon maintained the steam that they had so skillfully built during most of the film
 "Session 9" is an unusual feat.
It is frightening, does not use cheap tips and increases goosebumps with its horror intelligently rendered and subtle.
Due to Danvers' local interest, it should do well with the northeast crowd.
I hope she gets the national distribution it deserves.
I give him a B +.