To paraphrase a song title from an earlier Disney film, Mulan is a whole new world.
Mouse Factory's latest feature is a treasure, with magnificent animation, a strong story and finely drawn characters.
Mulan is the story of a young and strong young woman who, unlike other Disney heroines, does not seek her prince charming,
Mulan's motivations are simple; to save his father, serve her country and find a place for herself in a world in which women have no say.
The story of Mulan takes place in ancient China at a time when the Huns have invaded the nation.
The emperor called for conscription, a man from each family to join the army and defend the nation.
Mulan's paralyzed father is called, but Mulan sneaks, steals his armor and takes his place.
Mulan is a saga of courage and self -discovery.
However, despite the dark background of war, it is a story animated by autonomy and brain-stressing that even the smallest child can appreciate and appreciate.
The film uses a strong American-Asian talent body as a voice for the main characters, including the wonderful Ming-Na Wen (The Joy Luck Club) as Mulan, b.d.
Wong as Shang, the commander of Mulan and later the interest loves, Pat Morita as the emperor and the veteran Soon-Tek Oh as a proud but loving father of Mulan.
Eddie Murphy is also added to the procedure like Mushu the Dragon, sent by the ancestors of Mulan to monitor and help the young woman.
Its quick, wise and wise and hips can seem out of words, but it is a pleasant performance, especially for young people.
The film presents only a few songs, less than most of the previous Disney animated films, but Mulan's is a winner.
Matthew Wilder's music and David Zippel's lyrics settle in the plot.
Jerry Goldsmith's overall score is also a plus.
Mulan is a treat, more powerful than Hercules, with more heart than Notre Dame's hunchback.
About 85 minutes, Mulan moves quickly and will draw the attention of young people from start to finish.
Mulan will establish a new standard by which the future animated efforts of Disney and other studios will have to work hard to reach.
In addition, it is to be hoped that Mulan's success, and there is no doubt that it will be a popular vehicle, will arouse an interest in more films with oriented or Asian-American themes in order to provide rolesMore substantial to talent artists who gave their voices for this production.
It would be good to see them on the screen and hear them.
engaged in lifelong learning thanks to effective communication