Albert Brooks saves the day, just over time.
With a very poor summer for films, Brooks is exactly what the public was looking to cheer them up and does it positively.
Although it is not his best work, "The Muse" always shakes a delicious humor.
In the latest comedy by Albert Brook, he tells the story of a scriptwriter in difficulty (Brooks) who loses his advantage, as his business partners say.
In desperation, he will see his friend Jack (Jeff Bridges), who was a very successful screenwriter in the past.
He asks Jack to help and receives the floor of a real life muse, who helped him, as well as to many other directors throughout their careers.
Brooks is therefore looking for the Muse named Sarah (Sharon Stone) and is sucked in to buy it dear food, etc. like a kind of payment.
However, the real punch line does not come before the end.
It really makes you ask yourself, how could the writers really get their ideas, could it simply come from a friend or a tramp in the street?
The idea itself causes and Brooks does it hilariously.
Speaking of Brooks, he was absolutely hysterical as a screenwriter.
Whenever he adorns the screen, I can't help but start laughing.
Albert has a very unique sense of humor that makes him a very friendly character.
The real problem with the film lies with Sharon Stone.
She was not at all nice.
Brooks had the good idea with her occupation, but she never took place.
In a way, she emptied the energy of the formerly funny atmosphere and left her dark.
Fortunately, Brooks could clean the mess and cover the stone misadventure.
It was a shame that the film was slightly down after its appearance, because "The Muse" had the potential to be a very authentic comedy.
On a brighter note, Andie MacDowell was also charming as a woman in Brook.
She is always a good addition as a supporter, because she has this charisma which seems to complete the atmosphere to any film in which she is.
In my opinion, the funniest moments of "The Muse" were the cameos of James Cameron and Martin Scorsese.
I mean, imagine, Brooks seeing these great directors named in his court in search of Sharon Stone to get advice, as if it was something out of the ordinary.
It was simply hilarious.
This simply adds to the satire's joke, how directors get ideas.
Brilliant Mutte de Brooks.
As I mentioned earlier, the film is a satire a bit like his teacher Bowfinger, who was released a few weeks before.
Unlike Bowfinger, it is not a nasty film that is desperate for jokes, it is rather a look full of spirit and humorous in Hollywood.
 "Bowfinger" had his moments, but had a lot of problems that have never been developed, but "The Muse" still managed to keep laughs despite a little detour.
At the end of the film, you are happy to see a good warm comedy getting out of it.
For once, I am not entirely disappointed, because the film has not slowed down, it continued to move, even with faults.
Bravo in Brooks for his brave efforts.
I think he will always manage to keep his advantage in the future.