When I left the theater after seeing "Lost Highway" by David Lynch, I noticed to a movie colleague ", I have the impression that someone just sucked my brains in my nose and has themGiven through my ears. "
In her first feature film in five years, Lynch delivered a film in second place only after her first image "Eraserhead" on the oddity scale.
You do not know "what happened when it is finished, although there are certainly enough clues with which to make reasonable assumptions.
It is difficult to describe the intrigue of this film, because it depends in part on the way you interpret it.
However, I can describe what we see on the screen: L. A saxophonist of Jazz Fred Madison (Bill Pullman) and his wife Renee (Patricia Arquette), which he clearly suspects of infidelity, receives a series of cassettesVideo apparently filmed in their house during their sleep.
They are, of course, more than a little frightened and confused, and that does not help when "Mystery Man" (Robert Blake) approaches Fred during a party and proceeds on the phone with the MadaSonsunescene which is both hilarious and disturbing.
The next morning, Fred finds another video band which, at his (and our) surprise, brutally shows him murderous Renee in their room.
He is found guilty of his murder and sent to the death corridor, where he inevitably disappears one night and is replaced by a young mechanic named Pete Dayton (Balthazar Getty).
Prison officials perplexed release Dayton, whose life begins to meet with Fred in several ways - in particular his affair with Alice Wakefield (Arquette again), a blonde who is otherwise the spitting image of Renee and another meeting withthe mystery.
I would give a little too much to reveal it, but it is enough to say that Lynch does not offer a neat coat? Ups, and he does not put a lid on metaphysical confusion: the cinematographic demons of "lost highway" are in greatfrom beginning to end.
This description could ensure that "Lost Highway" looks like a stunned exercise in hay surrealism, but in fact, although there are traces of the sense of strange humor of Lynch, this film is anything but dizzymost of the time.
On the contrary, Lost Highway is a dark and perplexed mystery that takes the previous excursions of Lynch in murder and intrigues a step further.
The film does not revolve around a character investigating a mystery; on the contrary, the character * is * the mystery.
There are recurrent images and sometimes deeply disturbing of suspicion, distrust and infidelity in the film which seem to indicate a deceived and fractured psyche at the origin of all bizarre events here.
We, the public, we are allowed to go on which it is the psyche that stimulates this (probably Fred, in my opinion) and what, in this case, the other characters and events are supposed to represent.
All of this takes place, appropriately, in the idiosyncratic style to the typical rhythm of Lynch.
As is often the case, Lynch relies on sound, imagery and mood more than on dialogue and action to tell its story, and in "Lost Highway", it works perfectly.
There are scenes where the camera lingers on Fred's empty expression while it derives unavailable in a corridor, or on his painful face in his prison cell while the haunting strains of the "song to the mermaid"From this fatal coil can be heard slightly in the background; nothing happens technically in these scenes, but they have a living image of a man losing his grip as effective as, if not more, the hysterical cries foundIn most cinematographic presentations of madness.
The management of Lynch and the director of photography Pete Deming, the dark and enlightened cinematography, are used to create an atmosphere of tension and almost suffocating fear which are exactly what is necessary for this story.
Well, most of the time, anyway - I must admit that I sometimes bored it a little during the dry tion of the film with Pete Dayton as the Protgaonist, who is less intrinsically interesting and mainly maintains the attention of the spectator because of his links with the original mystery.
The main characters of this "reality" - Dayton (a well -intentioned but not too intelligent man of 24 years old), a shady gangster (who for any reason has two names but otherwise is almost a character of stock), and hisStar porn porn (The Blond Arquette) - are nothing that you find in any of the two dozen Wannabes "Pulp Fiction"; fortunately, the reappearance of the mystery man as well as other typically Lynchians elements, such asThat delicate and clumsy conversations between Pete and his parents help preserve the scary tone of the film during this section.
The typically graphic and disturbing representations of Lynch of marginal sexuality, although relevant for the themes of jealousy and adultery, are also somewhat exaggerated here.
It is not exactly exploiting - like almost all the rest of this film, sex is completely bizarre and scary and it is unlikely that it provides cheap loose shivers - as much as it is useless and frankly a little stupid bythe seventh or the eighth time that Arquette has taken it.
That said, these minor faults do not prevent "Lost Highway" from reaching its place as one of the darkest and most disturbing films to hit screens in recent years.
It is a one -way stroll on the lost road of a disturbed spirit, and as such, it is captivating, intense and brilliantly effective.