When you go to the cinema as much as I do, you unfortunately end up seeing certain movies trailers once again.
This was the case with the frequency.
Whenever I switched to a projection, there was overview of the frequency.
It looked horrible.
He looked cheeky, Sappy and ridiculous.
It looked like a flop.
Well, the one who gathered this trailer must be dismissed, because in terms of pure entertainment, frequency is one of the best of the year so far.
The frequency has a convincing story.
Occasions of a bizarre solar activity allows the detective of the police John Sullivan (James Caviezel) to speak to his firefighter the father Frank Sullivan (Dennis Quaid) by amateur radio, despite the fact that Frank has died for 30 years.
John is able to give information to his father who prevents his death in a warehouse fire, but in doing so, it causes other changes.
In one way or another, the reign of terror of a serial killer, who, in the initial calendar, had been arrested at three murders, extends to ten victims ...
Including John's mother.
This is the third film by director Gregory Hoblit (the other two being Primal Fear and Fallen).
With the three, he managed to get attached to large scripts (that of Toby Emmerich, whose only previous cinematographic experience was as a music supervisor on many new line films) and add an equally large direction.
In addition, he apparently likes his films to end with a kick.
The frequency is no exception, the end is unpredictable and incredibly satisfactory.
The Hoblit is three for three, and I hope it can continue.
Now everyone can discuss the logic and logic you want with the elements of frequency science.
But the fact is that time travel has never been made.
Who can say how something works and how does it not do when it never happened?
Is it because we got used to traveling in time "laws" other places like "Star Trek" and the Back to the Future and "Quantum Leap" trilogy?
Yes, if you sit down and think about it, certain elements of the intrigue in this film will probably have no meaning.
Most movies are like that.
Do not let it dissuade you from seeing this film incredibly entertaining.
Once the frequency is finished, it made me want me to see it with my father, so I could have given him a hug (ok ok, shut up).
When you break it down beyond all its science fiction elements and its serial killer bouffons, frequency is simply a film on a father and his son and the link they share.
It's touching, it's sincere, and that's what ultimately makes this film work.
[PG-13]