I will be the first to admit that I did not expect much to the new groove of the emperor: more songs of song and dance by Céline Dion, of cuddly characters who become crossed promotion devices inHappy Farins of McDonald's, and Hollywood stars trying to have credibility by adding a voiceover to their CV.
I was mistaken about all these things.
The new groove of the emperor is funny.
damn funny.
And the cute characters in the film are the dangerous.
The script is fast and furious, without song or dance.
The animation is clean and would give Walt a warm feeling everywhere.
Humor is dry and intended for both cynicism and goodness in each of us.
The story is ridiculously bizarre and presents itself as a strange acid trip involving speaking and reprimand lamas and schizophrenia.
Here is the intrigue; try to follow.
Located in a mythical kingdom, the film follows the adventures of Kuzco (David Spade), an arrogant and self -centered emperor.
When Kuzco draws her advisor eager for power, Yzma (Eartha Kitt), she and her "assistant" Kronk (Patrick Warburton) of Seinfeld) transform him into Unlama.
Kuzco is then blocked in the jungle and must count on Pacha (John Goodman), a llama-châtré whose house was to be replaced by the Water Worldco theme park in Kuzco, to save him.
Then the pleasure begins.
For the next sixty minutes, the public is entitled to something unknown in Disney Films these days: imagination.
Yzma, expressed by the talented singer Eartha Kitt, looks like a cross between Norma Desmond, Joan Crawford and a very old showgirl of Vegas.
The dialogue between her and her unconscious assistant Kronk is fast, clear and looks like an episode of Seinfeld (which would make sense).
The interactions of the character of David Spade and John Goodman give you the impression of watching an old Hope / Crosby movie.
SPADE is beyond the dry with its humor and pulls under the belt several times, and I laughed aloud several times.
Needless to say, this is an extremely rare thing in Disney projections these days.
The best part of the new groove of the emperor is how daring the film is.
The oddity factor is very high.
Cross-dressing, schizophrenia, duality of the soul, people transformed into all animals on Noah's boat, the Lama RCR, homoerotic trends, an emperor with his own song and singer, Michael Jackson Dance Moves and a guyWho can communicate with a squirrel are only some of the quirks that make the film a real original.
In other words, the new groove of the emperor is one of the best children's films for this holiday season.
Children will appreciate adventures and parents will appreciate history and dialogue.
This is a difficult thing to do in a single package, but this emperor manages to do it.