Aliens from the 1950s vs.
The idea of the earth reorganized!
If you have followed the news from the film on the net, you could not have escaped media threw on ID4.
He promises to be the summer film of the year and he has all the necessary elements.
ID4 opened its doors in the United States on July 2, and so far, only after a week of release, it has almost hit the $ 100 million mark, a phenomenon has observed for the last time when Jurassic Park Abeen released in 1993.
The premise of the film is disgusting: the earth defends itself against extraterrestrials, a typical and very popular Hollywood theme of the 1950s which has manifested itself in many films produced at that time.
The film opens via Star Wars, as non -original as it may be, it worked.
The extraterrestrials sent a large mother vessel (supposed to be 1/4 the size of the moon) to attack the earth by deploying attacks of 15 miles of radius towards all the large cities of the earth.
The American president (Pullman) does not know the intention of extraterrestrials, but soon discovers when David (Goldblum) is a scientist, discovers that foreigners count to a synchronized attack on all major cities.
CAPT.HILLER (SMITH), an F-18 Hot-Shot driver is one of the hundreds assigned to eliminate the extraterrestrial attack ship in stationary flight on Washington DC.
His squadron was subjected to a heavy extraterrestrial fire after discovering that their weapons were useless against the invaders.
ID4 presents many characters and we are shown the impact on them as history progresses.
Acting overall was OK, even if I thought Bill Pullman was a little unsuitable for the role of president, but he made a very exciting speech before sending his troops to battle (we feel a little braveheart here??).
No price to guess how ID4 ends, it's simply obvious.
ID4 strongly borrows Star Wars, Return of the Jedi, Alien and in some parts of the film, I could even feel a little X-Files on the screen.
If I had to criticize this film in a critical way, ID4 is full of intrigue holes, cheesy dialogue and ridiculously stupid extraterrestrials.
However, below this thin intrigue and the defects on the screen, ID4 marked well by playing with the attractive idea of everyone abandoning its small differences to unite in a single force against the extraterrestrial invasion.
An idea that will have the public strongly enraged for the united front throughout the film, thus retaining a screen-vision interaction that practically makes holes in the film acceptable, no matter how ridiculous.
ID4 was produced in a modest budget of 68 million US dollars, a film of such magnitude would easily have been another world of water, but the director Roland Emmerich (Universal Soldier, Stargate) and the producer Dean Devlin haveBringing together a team that has made its own special effects rather than ordering it to ILM or any other special effects company.
Some effects are not too good, but most are very credible, in particular the epic dead ends between 150 F-18 and 250 extraterrestrial saucers, reminiscence of the classic space battle presented in return from the Jedi.
Id4 is a film for all.
Although there are many explosions and implicit deaths, there are no bloody scenes of human destruction, so young children should be able to take it.
Sit down and don't be too critical, there is a good chance that you are absorbed by the film like me.
If you don't plan to watch movies this year, please take time for it.
This film is better viewed on the big screen.