Titantic, writer and director James Cameron, highly anticipated and sometimes ridiculed $ 200,000,000 Epic, arrives shortly in theaters, so the question arises naturally, if the film is worth it?
As a commercial proposal, it seems difficult to see how it can never break, but as a film, it is simply wonderful.
If you have already carefully classified as another catastrophe film at the volcano or the adventure of Poseidon, think again.
The film is both a great love story told with the disaster as a backdrop and a representation of one of the most memorable disasters in the world made real and personal by seeing it through the eyes of two young lovers.
In both cases, it is cinema to its best.
When we entered the projection of the press, my wife asked the advertising representative if there would be an intermission because the film lasts three hours and quarters of hours.
He said no but time would pass so quickly that she would never notice the length.
Surprisingly, he was right.
Titanic is one of the few long films that do not suffer.
The lush image, filmed by Russell Carpenter in 70 mm, opens in the present with two diving submarines exploring the wreck of the Titanic at the bottom of the ocean.
Fortune Hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) leads the expedition in search of the most precious diamond necklace in the world which came down with the ship, known at the time under the name of "The Ship of Dreams".
The former owner of the necklace, Rose Dewitt Bukater (Gloria Stuart), finds Brock to tell her her story.
Although almost the whole film occurs in flashback, one of the engineers shows the elderly rose of the rose exactly how the ship has flowed.
Using a computer simulation, the film takes the time to explain what will happen later, which adds a lot to the creation of a lucid story from what would have been desperate otherwise.
After twenty minutes, the story makes its jump in the past while the Titanic goes on his first trip.
In a classic film theme, the two parts of the ship, first -class and steering (third class) exist in bright contrast.
The strength of the script is the way he paints the differences between rich and poor without excessive moralization.
Upon entering the ship during his day, he is increased with his millionaire fiancé, Cal Hockley, played with perfect snobbery by Billy Zane.
And thanks to a last -minute winning poker hand, a traveling artist named Jack Dawson is in a small cabin shared in third class.
Even with her own promenade bridge, Rose feels trapped on the ship, with a next marriage to a man she hates.
On the other hand, Jack can barely contain his euphoria to be on board.
After Jack saves Rose from committing suicide, they start a brief but passionate love story.
Never Tawdry and rarely explicit, their romance has the power to sweep the public in history.
Leonardo DiCaprio in his best performance plays Jack with confidence and charisma.
In many ways, young and old, he makes all the right decisions in his approach to the play.
When he confronts Cal, for example, he remains composed and polished and subtly undermines each of the puts of cal de cal.
Kate Winslet gives a wonderfully captivating performance as a young pink.
The chemistry between these two nominees with the Oscars, for what eats Gilbert Grape and it for meaning and sensitivity, is simply surprising.
From the scene where he embarrasses her by asking her on several occasions if she likes her final to the beautiful part hung on the arc of the ship to that where she embarrasses her by asking her to paint her naked, they dazzle the screenWith a pair of fascinating performances.
If the film breaks after an hour and a half, that is to say how long Cameron is waiting judiciously for the iceberg to present itself, you will always get one of the best films of the year.
Peter Lamont's sets are more than authentic.
A scene, for examination Ple, begins with the captain of retirement planning, played with the carelessness of Bernard Hill, taking his tea on the bridge.
He then moves to the massive gears of the ship, then to the lively hot boiler filled with muscular men in sweating in the coals.
The beautiful interior common rooms of the ship look like a palace more than an ocean liner.
The most fascinating part of history is what is happening after the start of the iceberg and before the battle with the water begins seriously.
At the beginning, since the iceberg has been tearing up a series of small notches in the shell, not a large gaping hole, the passengers consider it more curiosity than anything else.
What a lark.
We hit an iceberg.
Now back to our Brandy and our cigars.
The musicians of the ship play as soldiers through all of this, even after panic.
After all, they see it as their duty to calm the passengers.
When the musicians are about to die, they thank themselves politely for the pleasure of being able to play together, and they mean it.
Their civility borders madness, but it nevertheless touches.
The story is so rich that my description simply touched the surface.
There are more than enough characters to love and hate, and the whole cast is dead.
The special effects work better when their presence becomes almost undetectable.
In Titanic, for which he created a model at the level of nine tenths from the entire ship, Cameron has endeavored at all costs of accuracy.
The most dramatic moment of the film occurs when the ship breaks in half, and the front section becomes vertical in the water.
People are thrown like ants in the water to be quickly frozen to death, in other parts of the ship to be crushed immediately.
In addition to being romantic and dramatic, the scenario includes liberal doses of humor.
Many deliciously subtle verbal puts in physical comedy, like when Jack teaches Rose to spit like a man, the spectacle provokes laughter in addition to a few tears.
 "It's goodbye for a little while," said a father less than confident to his little daughter because it was indeed women and children first.
 “This boat is for mothers and children.
There will be a boat in a little while for dads. "
Basically, there was a design decision to have less than half of the needed life boats - this made the decks too crowded differently.
Perhaps the sinking is better summarized by one of the ships aboard Guggenheim.
In the dining room with the missing lifeline canoes and the flowing ship, it is offered a life jacket from one of the crew members.
 "No thank you," replies the elegantly dressed Guggenheim.
 “We are dressed in our best and would prefer to descend like gentlemen.
But we would like a Brandy. "
Titanic works 3: 14.
It is classified PG-13 for sex and nudity presented with taste and delicately and would be good for children twelve and over.