The thirteenth floor, the third of what I would call "The Reality Check Movie Series", is very similar to the other verification films of reality published this year, The Matrix and Existez.
All three made you think, made you ask you what is real, which is not, and if our world is only a huge game.
The thirteenth floor does not reach the level of originality, creativity and curiosity triggered by the matrix and existed, but it certainly gives it a big blow.
In the matrix, we were told that humans are simply a virus.
In Extenz, we have learned that our life could just be a game.
On the thirteenth floor, we learn that we are only electronic devices, living under another world of electronic devices.
There is just one world above another, and everything that is is false and generated electronically.
The thirteenth floor took a huge and risky turn that I did not expect it to take, and I'm not very sure it was a very good turn to do.
Rather than focusing only on the parts of the reality of the film, the thirteenth floor becomes a mystery of murder which ends up binding with the different worlds.
After the mysterious murder of Hammond Fuller computer programs, played by Armin Mueller-Stahl, Douglas Hall, played by Craig Bierko, a man who worked under Fuller for many years, must travel through an electronic computer apparatus that Fuller used, at the 1937, which consists only of characters generated by computer.
The simulation of 1937 is as if it were in previous times.
Are all the people involved only characters, or are they?
Douglas firmly believes that a character has traveled the transport of their world to ours and killed Fuller.
Along the way, Douglas interacts with many different potential suspects and a woman who claims to be the daughter of Fuller, Jane Fuller, wonderfully by a young talented actress, Gretchen Mol.
The thirteenth floor is a film focused on the intrigue of the moment when the film begins and does not use spectacular special effects and big sound to keep the interests of the spectator.
I was worried that this film looks too much like the matrix and existence, and I would not appreciate it, but there were enough twists and turns to make me think and attentive to the film.
Unfortunately, many potentials were allegedly would have been thrown with predictable content, making the scene known long before it happened.
The scenes that are not original or interesting seem to go absolutely nowhere, letting you ask yourself: "What is the interest of this?"
Sometimes it was difficult to believe that this story, with a terrible dialogue, a bad game, in particular of Craig Bierko, and scenes that are not absolutely nowhere, are really true.
I know that it is not a true story or anything, but a film should be able to make you think that it is.
On the positive side of the action, we have seen the missing action of the main character since the masterpiece of the film Shine in the 1995 actor, Armin Mueller-Stahl.
On the thirteenth floor, it is back and always gives credible and incredible performance.
Another advantage is the realistic performance of Gretchen Mol, creating his character with depth, not only in the one -dimensional phase.
Do not expect the intensity of the matrix or to the existence of the thirteenth floor, just expect another film that spoils your mind for a while, and closes you like any other film.
Strong sensations, chills and spills are not what you will get in this film, but you will get another trip to send your mind, by blurring it until you have enough.
In the end - let's hope it is the last of the films based on "Reality Check" for a while.