Nosferatu le Vampyre (Germany 1979)
A film review by Mike Watson Copyright 1999 Mike Watson
This extraordinary delay of "Dracula" by Bram Stoker by the German filmmaker Werner Herzog deserves the most important places of the cinematographic cinematographic tradition.
Inspired by F.W.The silent film by Murnau in 1922 of the same name, Herzog's film is a work of Dark Exquisite, a strangely touching tragedy with a good haunting quality that persists long after.
The original English and German language versions of Nosferatu have finally received a video version of U.S. Distributor Anchor Bay Entertainment, and in magnificent large screens.
Until now, only a short -tongue shortened version of the film was available on video, and only in Europe.
These two re -editions restore the film on its entire length, but viewers should always be wary of the English version because of its often mucus dialogue.
Apparently, the English dialogue coach Herzog had on the set during the shooting was incompetent, and some voices also seem to be doubled.
The German version with English subtitles remains final.
Everyone knows Dracula's story.
Or do they do it?
Her story has been so bastard over the film over the years that a brief reminder of the basic intrigue will certainly not hurt.
Jonathan Harker is a young lawyer sent to the Dark Château Dracula in Transylvania to do business with a frightening count (played by Klaus Kinski) who wants to buy a house in Harker's hometown.
Seeing a photo of Harker's wife (the radiant Isabelle Adjani), he instantly falls in love with her.
By locking Harker in his castle, he embarks on a long trip to meet this woman whose beauty releases him.
By dividing his identity as a vampire, Adjani seduces the counts and attracts him to his death one morning while the sun rises.
It is a story familiar to millions, but Herzog has raised the story of Stoker in the field of - and I use this term a little reluctantly - cinematographic art.
Nosferatu is as much a meditation as a film, shot through blue and white filters and populated by characters who occur as if they were half hypnotized.
The surreal and dream quality of the film is completely fascinating.
There is a lot to appreciate, but I will limit my praise to a few key points.
To tighten the film Ensemble is Kinski's remarkable performance as Count Dracula.
The previous screen representations, including the famous Bela Lugosi turn, have been largely dimensional and have tended to the camp.
But Kinski ... Oh my boy is something much more convincing.
Helped by a surprising make -up work, he portrays Dracula's vampirism not only as a pure evil but as a kind of repugnant disease.
This man is terribly alone.
He lives in total solitude, avoided by the inhabitants for his hideous appearance and his reputation for thirst for blood.
The representation of the count by Kinski is both frightening and deeply affected.
When he dies, you almost have the impression that the tortured soul of this man was finally released.
Then there is the unforgettable soundtrack, largely composed by the German group Popul Vuh.
He is so strangely beautiful and evocative that it is quite impossible to imagine the film without him.
Popul VUH are longtime herzog collaborators and play a kind of Spacemusic at its old one using piano, songs and exotic instruments.
When I saw this film for the first time a few years ago, I was so impressed that I found and bought a number of their albums.
The one that I listen to the most is "Tantric Songs", most of which of Nosferatu's music is taken.
It is a testimony to the depth of the music that he is as powerful without the images as with them.
The album is always available on the label of ambient music and the very respected world Celestial Harmonies.
It is a timely reissue by Anchor Bay.
After the non -bombed version of Francis Ford Coppola by Bram Stoker by Bram Stoker in 1992, it is a joy to return to the film of Herzog and See the incredible things he has done with what is now a centenary story.
For some aficionados, Nosferatu is simply the biggest vampire film ever made.
Without a doubt, it is an unmistakable classic of the genre.
Don't miss him.