Among the main horror sub-genres, vampire films are easily the most adaptable.
Think about it.
Frankenstein's films have not changed much because they still need this master's scientific frame in Bavarian.
If you made a Frankenstein film today, the monster should be a virus or something - and outside of Michael J.Fox, there is no actor who could play a virus convincingly.
Mummies should still take place in Egypt.
There is not much that you can do with werewolves, except to take them to London or Paris, unless you wanted to have a teenage wolf or something like that.
 (And there is again that Michael J. Fox.)
But you can ask vampires to do anything, and you can place them in any kind you want, roughly.
You can have traditional vampire films (Dracula by Bram Stoker) or have the Anne Rice version (interview with The Vampire), or play for laughs (vampire in Brooklyn).
You can put vampires in places of sunny South California (lost boys) to sordid Mexican dives (from Dusk Till Dawn) to your local high school (Buffy, The Vampire Slayer).
If it was not redundant, you could have a film on a vampire law firm.
Every day now, I expect that we will see a film on a third basic vampire player who must decide to play a day game in order to break the Home Run record.
Or, you can insert the legend of vampires in a Hong Kong action film - and when you do this, you get the blade.
Wesley Snipes has the role of Chow Yun Fat in this film - the silent and without expression killer who destroys everything on his way.
In this case, everything is that these are vampires who explode CGI shatter instead of dead and bleeding corpses.
Snipes has less to say here than as the fugitive in the U.S. The marshals, but do a manifestly better work here as half vampire on blood suckers.
The blade is a silent and short presence, put waste to vampires without shredders of remorse.
It is as cold as his sword with silver blades, as simple as his bullets filled with garlic.
However, it is not without oddity: the blade drives a beaten muscle car and must glean the Rolex watches of its victims of vampires in order to remain solvent.
Like any good Hong Kong film, Blade is heavy on the action of Chopsocky.
For any reason, Blade spends much more time using her artistic talent for Kung Fu than using traditional anti-vampire weapons of garlic and money.
 (The blade rejects a portable arc lamp by man as too heavy, although it seems to be a more effective tool to send vampires.)
Unfortunately, John Woo's director is absent from this film, relegating the blade to the status of replacement killers, which it most strongly looks like.
The replacement killers are the last film that I saw that I did not revise - mainly because it made me no impression, and I did not remember other than noise, violence andthe intensity of FAT performance.
Blade has a little more for that and has the myth of the vampire to draw - but other than that, it is the same kind of film - exciting, with very choreographed action scenes, but without resonance.
With a stronger villain (Stephen Dorff is (forgive the word game) curiously bloody like the head vampire, letting us ask us what Denis Leary could have done with the role), a more spiritual script and a cast of supportSolid, Blade could have been able to exceed the level of entertainment in the common summer.
As it stands, Blade is an average action film that only reminds us that summer films are constantly becoming more stupid and that vampire films continue to multiply.