I don't really know what to think of "crash".
On the surface, it is a cold, boring and non -erotic porn with names of names, a name director and a fresh camera work.
I mean, it left me completely bored, dissatisfied and usually a little weird.
But then again, not all films are supposed to let you entertain.
 "Crash" is structured to play like a porn film, but with much more plot and dialogue.
Although we saw several extremely taboo scenes of bizarre sex, we also have a small lean intrigue in progress (mainly towards the start), and perhaps just a characterization hair.
Without forgetting that the game is generally quite good, and we don't really see many actors completely exposed.
But what makes it extremely different from porn is the fact that it is not an erotic experience.
This film does not pose the erotic hypnotism of "Henry and June" or the simple excitement of, let's say, "deep throat" (not that I saw it).
If we had to be completely hot by this film, it would probably mean that they were also in all the thing "self -eroticism".
The film leaves you cold erotically (and perhaps many other ways), but what it does is present a group of people who live on the limit.
The film opens with a woman, Catherine (Deborah Kara Ungar, of "The Game"), pressing her naked breast against a car in a public air hangar.
Suddenly, a man enters the frame and begins to take it from behind (the film does not show it all, even if it is NC-17).
The following scene has a director, James (James Spader), having sex with a camera (Alice Poon) in a very populated desk of her film.
The following scene means that the two come together, telling us that they are husband and woman, and they share the getaway from each other.
While the two are undoubtedly bizarre people, we know at least that they like to live at the limit.
Shortly after, James led on the road at night, incredibly of course (he reads something), when he drifts in the other way, then hits another car face.
James is not killed, but the passenger of the other car steals in his seat (obviously dying), leaving the driver, Helen Remington (Holly Hunter - in porn?), As alive.
The two follow therapy together, and when they go out, they meet again.
When James gave him a return home, they almost enter another accident, and immediately after, they go to a non -profit parking, and were a little fast because they were excited by the accident.
You would not think there would be many people who shared this same kind of fetish, but they meet a bizarre guy named Vaughan (Elias Kosteas) and her girlfriend carrier of crutches, Gabrielle (Rosanna Arquette), who are there.
Vaughan is in life as they are, but he brings it to another level: he likes to recreate famous car accidents.
In a scene, he and a friend, Colin Seagrave (Peter Macneill) recreate the car accident of James Dean without any padding or security belt, and suffer from concussions, but nevertheless rush (and the attention ofthe police).
Soon, these five all have sex with each other, whether hetero, gay or lesbian sex.
Although it is a little comical (the film is almost like a black comedy), the film makes a fairly impressive representation of people who live the main fetish.
I am sure that somewhere there are people who are excited by car accidents, but personally, I do not see any link between car accidents and sex.
The main connection that Cronenberg shows us that the two give definitive precipitation.
His car crash scenes are rapid and exciting mini-masters: we do not know first if they take place, but each time it seems that it can happen, we halt.
Then, when this happens, we hold our breath.
The same thing happens with sex, but not in the same way. These people simply prevail to another level.
The only problem with the film is that it's a bit redundant.
Normal porn lasts from an hour to an hour and a half.
It lasts about 100 minutes, and it seems a little too long.
Sex and car accidents are far from each other, and time between them is a bit of a boring side.
There is no characterization, even if we could certainly say that, it is porn, and we are not there to sympathize.
But still, they could reduce it a little.
But the film is saved with its presentation, as well as other elements.
The atmosphere is very dark and interrupted, creating a kind of bizarre cool feeling.
And there are several scenes are simply incredible.
A scene means that Catherine and James have sex, while she gently asks her questions about being with a man, which seems almost erotic as she says.
A sequence involving the death of a character is filled with all the angry disjointed that the film needs.
And the last blow is perfectly turned, creating an image of a car accident, and a couple with sex in front of him, despite the fact that she is injured.
The game is also good enough, especially with regard to almost porn (ouster Linda Lovelace as best actress in porn).
While James Spader is quite boring (it is generally quite intense), Deborah Kara Ungar is incredible.
She speaks all her words in almost zombie siles, and when she has sex, she has an empty look at her face, without showing the spectator if she appreciates it or not.
In a scene, she looks dead while someone has sex with her.
Holly Hunter, who gets additional credit just to appear in something like that, is quite good, just like Rosanna Arquette (who adds a little cool mistreatment to her role).
But the film is stolen by Elias Kosteas who plays his character so intensely that he has almost finished everyone.
He often speaks because he is out of breath, showing a definitive affinity for his lifestyle.
He has a lot of energy in several scenes, in particular a scene where he takes photos of a photo and a later scene where he obtains a bizarre tattoo.
He and spader share sexual chemistry in several scenes, foreshadowing a later scene.
Kosteas is a little -known actor (his biggest role has been Casey Jones in "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles"), but here he shows a presence of deniro, referring to more important roles.
Although I barely liked "crash", it is always a fairly intriguing representation of a group of people who, if they exist, are among the strangest and bizarre people in the world.
These people are able to share a rush between two completely different entities, and the film, which does not hurt them exactly in a negative light, succeeds in highlighting them, even if it leaves the viewer edgy and generally panicked.
Despite the hardcore nature of the film and the subsequent NC-17 coast (there is also a version listed in R, but I would not even approach), anyone looking for a quick shoot should simply rent ordinary porn.