Aggressive, dark and relentless film on an interracial couple, Steve and Sam (Damon Jones and Elexa Williams respectively), which are viciously attacked in a parking lot one night by a Skinheads gang.
The skinheads beat Steve, then force him to look while they brutally violate his girlfriend over and over again.
When Sam kills himself later in the evening, Steve decides that the skinheads must be taught a lesson.
While waiting for seven months for the breathtaking skinheads to completely forget the incident, Steve puts his head, dresses in combat boots and straps, tattoo his flesh with Nazi symbols and tries to infiltrate the gang.
While he is getting closer and closer to the people who committed the horrible crime against his girlfriend, he begins to learn how really these people are and begin to question his own motivations for violence.
The scenario of Randolph Kret, based on two real incidents which affected not only his life, but also the life of the producer of the film, Shaun Hill, is an affront on violence and intolerance.
The film has its audience submitted to such brutality and ignorance that one cannot help but be disgusted by the events presented inside.
I saw that he said that it was the film Fight Club should have been, but David Fincher's film was trying to define a generation.
Kret's film is an alarm clock to a generation and its message is powerful.
If Fincher is the Kubrick of our generation, then Kret is our D.W.
Griffith (for example speaking).
There is not a single sympathetic character in the film.
Skinheads are obviously the most repugnant characters in the film, not only because of their beliefs, but because they are in a state of constant fury (not only against other races but in their own circles).
The African-American characters of the film are constantly shown as sexually aggressive drug attackers who are always on a joy in search of someone to dock.
Even homosexuals enter the act, locating the lair of the skinheads and beating them severely with lead pipes and other blunt objects.
The main character Steve is also not very kind due to the person he becomes just to take revenge.
What is all about is the simple message that violence generates violence, and the constant clashes between the factions will only continue the endless violence cycle inherent in our society.
The casting of this film is absolutely remarkable.
Damon Jones shows a raw energy that many actors do not seem to invoke these days and his performance seems nothing less than powerful.
His initial reaction to hear about his girlfriend's suicide is one of the most affecting scenes that I have ever seen in a film.
David Lee Wilson, who plays (quite appropriately), David Lee is precisely as a second of command skinhead which also earns money by performing oral sex on other men (an irony that seems lost forother skinheads).
The character of Wilson is a pure hatred and he brings out this hatred perfectly.
Unfortunately, actor Dave Ward, who portrays the character of the crew, will not be able to follow his excellent performance because he was the victim of an act of vicious violence himself in the hands of a colleague actor during aRage incident while driving.
Ward has shown a huge promise and we will miss a lot.
Note: it is a shame that the filmmakers had to add a warning at the end of the film by declaring that neither them nor the musicians contributing to music for the film tolerating racism.
The message on hatred could not be stated more clearly than it is here, but there are those who would probably find this film much closer to a training video than a conviction.
There are also no "winners" at the end of this film.
No character gets his comedian and the end leaves us almost where we started.
Where American History X had a redemption for most of his characters, no victory of this type is in reserve for the pariah group twisted souls.
It is this dark end that carries the most powerful message in the film: the message that, despite what you can do momentarily to put your own mind, evil will always be with us (and in many forms)And there are very things to do to eradicate it entirely.