You know that you are in a really different cinematographic experience when you realize that Steve Buscemi was interpreted as the most normal character of the film in the question.
This is the case with "The Big Lebowski", the first company of Joel and Ethan Coen since their "Fargo" won the national renown and a coat of the Oscar's heads.
It is not necessary to fear that the sisters have undergone a creative exhaustion of this achievement, because "Lebowski" is an effort that makes words as "strange" and "unusual" seems to be an understatement.
Thanks in part to a delicious characterization and a sense of global humor, the film is a shattering success.
The Central Oddball here is the guy (Jeff Bridges), an unemployed dad whose ambitions seem to be zilch beyond smoking pot, drinking beer and buckling (are you students who are already rootinghim, or what?).
A night, a pair of thugs enters his house and pee on his carpet, a threatening act which is supposed to be carried out against a famous Millionaire Pasadena (David Huddleston) which shares his birth name - Jeff Lebowski - with the guy.
Once the guy has carried out this coincidence, he visits the Big Lebowski in the hope of claiming repairs for his soiled carpet, and is back to his normal life with Alley Walter rooms (John Goodman), a veterinarianIn Vietnam at the head and Donny (Buscemi), a sweet manner, before too long.
Soon, however, the Lebowski trophy, Bunny (Tara Reid), is kidnapped and held for a heavy ransom, and he turns to guy to get help.
It seems that Bunny's problems are linked to a work line that she kept secret from her husband - she is in fact an adult cinema star and is very indebted with a shaded producer named Jackie Treehorn.
The guy, now on the pay of Lebowski, accepts the offer and agrees to manage the drop in money; Walter runs and insists that the guy keeps the money for himself.
The chaos obviously follows, and the guy finally finds himself in hot water with the cops, the crooks and the ultra-fector artist of Lebowski Maude (Julianne Moore).
 "The Big Lebowski" deserves to win the Cois the same amount of renown as "Fargo" made; while this 1996 black comedy was certainly a better film, "Lebowski" is at least as imaginative in a breathtaking.
The film has a level of absurdity of Mile high which sometimes threatens to reverse, but fortunately, never does it.
The Coens (made Joel, Ethan have produced and the two writings) keep you in suture points when they untangle their extremely curly history, and must be congratulated for having juggled with a certain number of people and sub -intrigues thatWe would expect to find in a film by Robert Altman.
Whether we watch the bridges pushing a Marmet in his bathtub or Moore Don Viking Duds and dancing in a Busby Berkeley dream sequence, "The Big Lebowski" is extremely animated.
There are those who don't like this film, but not because it's boring.
The casting has a lot of fun with the rebonful equipment given to them.
The bridges give off a nice and surprisingly sweet presence; his guy is certainly not the cleanest guy in the world, but you would always follow him to another film.
Goodman deserves from 1998, first consideration of the Oscars, because the maniac temperament of Walter is one of the many protruding facts of "The Big Lebowski"; the same goes for Moore, whose culinary and delectable performance that Maude is a huahilarious.
John Turturro could very well fly the film with his two scenes as a colored launcher of a rival faction.
Sam Elliott's disjointed narration passes the film.
And some will recognize Peter Stormare - the silencer of "Fargo" - as Carl Hungus, a porn star who is really a German nihilist and Has -Been Star of Samurai.
It was only in his last third that the film weakens, with some sons of the cowardly plot and certain actors who disappear quickly and never emerge for a call for curtains.
These defects are forgiven, the sisters have created such a rich story With the personality, it is difficult to look at the final product with everything except a big smile on your face.
Without a doubt, "The Big Lebowski" is the best film this year.
Of course, we have only three months and the competition ("deep rising", "desperate measures", "the wedding singer", etc.) was quite bland, but it is always the truth of the Gospel.
Maybe during the next season of awards, "Lebowski" will not be far from "Fargo".