This is the question that I asked myself when I ventured nervously in "The Wedding Singer", the last film to play on the former student of Saturday Night Live.
Does he make laughs from his sad expression and puppy and does not hate simpleton observations?
Or do fans laugh when he shouts at the top of his lungs on people?
Or is it just the fact that he sings songs with silly words that were working on the public?
Well, there is a bit of all that in "The Wedding Singer" and although I have been released, the theater is not yet a hundred percent of Mr. Sandler, I spent a moment surprisinglyGood.
This is because, in a word, "The Wedding Singer" is one of the sweetest films you have likely to meet.
that's right .
soft .
The humor of the film goes from the mute range to a little fun with hysterical laugh but the tone?
Well, it's just charming.
I must admit that I was half expecting humor of the armpits, free nudity, superfluous and disgusting secondary intrigues and unpleasant and useless violence.
instead ?
Well, I already said it.
soft .
The year is in 1985 and Sandler plays Robbie Hart, the eponymous wedding singer, budding work, often sucking.
When Robbie's fianc? E throws him to his altar, Robbie is depressed and turns to a courageous waitress called Julia (Drew Barrymore) who has her own problems (she marries an unwanted bond merchant who, without her knowledge, is notso large overmonogamy).
He gives nothing to say that Robbie and Julia fall in love.
AWW ...
Sandler and Barrymore are a good match and they are helped by certain appearances of great cameo, notably Steve Buscemi and Jon Lovitz, whose individual scenes are perhaps the funniest in the film.
The writer Tim Herlihy (with the unavnforced help of Carrie Fisher) continues to bubble in his predictable conclusion.
All of this does not work, but it is manipulated with such lightness that Robbie and Julia meet more smiles than groans.
Herlihy and director Frank Coraci did an excellent job to recreate the views, sounds and assignments of the 1980s.
The soundtrack - a force still present in the film - is filled with walls on walls of the time, New Wave on New Wave of Songs of "White Wedding" by Billy Idol with the Smiths "How Will Now is now?""
At Culture Club "Do you really want to hurt me?"
The mixture of music and fashion would make "The Wedding Singer" a super feature film with "Boogie Nights".
If you grew up listening to the remedy and a herd of seagulls and the psychedelic furs, then "The Wedding Singer" is required to put a nostalgic jump in your stride.
If you are a fan of the adorable and laughable Adam Sandler, well ...
Let's just say that "The Wedding Singer" could well be the only recent memory film to make * me * wanting to rent "Happy Gilmore".