After watching the first ten minutes of this Japanese film, you will never eat a bowl of ramen again in the same way.
There is a scene where an old man teaches a young man how to eat the bowl of soup noodles, because a master would teach an impatient apprentice.
 "You caress the noodles with the chopsticks," he said, "then put the roast pork on the side of the bowl and you excuse by saying:" See you soon.""
Of course, it is supposed to be a parody, but there is a serious under the stupidity that makes you take with a certain degree of sobriety.
You start to appreciate food as not just something you eat, not something you love, not something you love, but rather something you live.
To experiment is a process that engages all the senses, satisfying each in their own terms and weaving them so that the total is a pleasure which is more than the sum of its parts.
Believe me, you really want to go find a noodle shop at this point.
Juzo Itami's Tampopo puts the same sense of the serious parody of food in the foreground by following the story of following the model of an American Western, in modern Japan.
A foreigner, Goro (Tsutomu Yamazaki), comes to town and finds Tampopo (Nobuko Miyamoto), the owner of a small noodle boutique Trou-Dans-le Mur, trying to repel the insults of the local strongman, Pisken (Rikiya (Rikiyayasuoka).
Goro, to defend the honor of this woman and her noodles, fights with the leader and his henchmen, emerging bloody, but victorious.
Goro notes that Tampopo's ambition is to have a shop that people would flock by far, just to eat a bowl of his ramen.
The problem is that its price is something less than popular and less than apparatus.
However, Goro agrees to help Tampopo in his quest and, in the process, they are looking for the wisdom of an expert in elderly noodle, taking the help of a rich patron and befriends the former enemy.
This film is filled with many small scenes which are absolute jewels.
Take, for example, when Tampopo tries to buy the recipe for a delicious soup from another store owner.
The price is too high, but the owner of the store next to it will securely sell for a more affordable sum.
Tampopo meets her in her store late at night, and he drives her in a back room.
She protests, thinking that this man may have ulterior motives, but he insists.
Just when she is about to lock herself for the outing, he shows her a small gap in the wall adjacent to her store with the noodle shop next.
She looks and takes notes as she looks at the cook to make the soup for the next day, her face filled with a joy that can be felt by the public.
This scene, although comic, is very effective in filling the spectator with a feeling of apprehension, then of relief and discovery.
There is also an interesting scene where Goro presents Tampopo and his son to a bunch of street people who, despite their economic external signs, are all gourmets and masters sommeliers.
We even look at that one of them sneaks into the kitchen of a restaurant and prepare a French omelet.
The scene is supposed to make people laugh, but it also says that it doesn't matter whether people are rich or poor, food is something that everyone has in common, and the pleasure of food is a experience shared by all.
There are also a number of independent vignettes that appear throughout the film, which help illustrate and accentuate the role of food in people's lives.
A particularly effective woman implies a woman and a mother who are maintained at home by a doctor.
Surrounded by her children, she is obviously in her last hours of life.
Her husband comes home and seeing her aggravate her condition, demands that she get up and prepares dinner.
The spectator knows that the husband's intention is not to be nasty; he is desperate for normality of which he and his family have been obviously private, and the woman prepares dinner is an essential part of this.
In a nearby miracle, the woman is dragging herself in the kitchen and preparing a quick meal, then brings her to her family waiting.
As the family eats, she looks at them and smiles.
Preparing food for her family is a joy and comfort for her, and for a brief moment, she also likes normality.
Then she falls, dead.
For a while, the family is amazed, but the father shouts the children: "Continue to eat!
This is the last meal that your mother has ever prepared! "
Clear as they do, the family ends the meal.
The scene is comical, clumsy, moving and beautiful.
By including the vignettes, Itami ran the risk of creating a disjointed film, but surprisingly, they do not interrupt the pace of the main scenario.
Instead, they even help contribute to the idea that Tampopo's objective to be able to serve exceptional foods is worthy and even noble.
Because the film Parodie Un Western, the construction of the plot is quite predictable, but is always pleasant while we look at the familiar way whose "good" meet for the final confrontation.
In this case, the test of strength is against the ramen.
If they eat ramen, soup and all tampopo, Tampopo knows it has succeeded.
It is quite obvious what the result will be, but when a film changes all your perspective on something you consume every day of your life, you can afford to cut it a little.