"Blue Velvet" by David Lynch begins and ends with colorful and brilliant plans of flowers and happy Americans who mowed their lawns in an apparently perfect American city.
However, what is inside this nominally safe atmosphere is a "strange world" of drug traffickers, sadistic and murderers.
The opening and fence plans are a wonderful contrast to the rest of the dark and disturbing film.
They show not to have hypotheses from the first glance and that the oddity is common in all places in all circumstances.
ODD would be a perfect adjective to describe this film, its characters, its direction and its story.
Fortunately, the darkness on which "Blue Velvet" is based is sufficient to make this film pleasant.
Since its elements are so bizarre originally, you never know what will happen next.
This is the main objective of a film; being spontaneous and surprising.
 "Blue Velvet" succeeds miracuré even if it contains a mediocre game.
Lynch creates such a hypnotic world that it is difficult to resist his narrative style.
The film begins with the discovery of a ear cut by a college (Kyle Maclachlan).
From this moment, Maclachlan finds himself involved in a living room singer (Isabella Rossellinia) who lost her son and her husband because of an abduction.
The intrigue is much more detailed than that above all and that makes David Lynch so incredible.
Maclachlan is involved in a prohibited relationship, in another relationship that could have been withdrawn from a high school film, and it is put in the place of a drug trafficker who has wild adventures with wild friends.
Through these multiple stories, Maclachlan lives several lives and as we follow Maclachlan, we are initiated into a variety of interesting sub -intrigues.
Lynch masterfully builds these indulgeous intrigues, but he does not bring them together at the very end and does not draw a pleasant conclusion of crowds.
Instead, he leaves some ambiguity and forces people enough to get the real sense to watch the film several times.
Lynch is known to do it with a number of his films, which means that it can be too esoteric for some hoping to obtain a Hollywood end where the good guy gets the girl and everything goes well.
However, for fans of strange Indies, "Blue Velvet" could be exactly what they are looking for.
It is very difficult to discuss "Blue Velvet" without discussing the performance of the Frank sadist of Dennis Hopper.
Most of the other actors in the film were not very memorable.
Kyle Maclachlan did not have an important aspect for his role, a personality.
Laura Dern was still boring.
But Dennis Hopper stole each scene in which he was.
His evil character was simply frightening in his ways of his obsession with Velvet to his incessant breathing of a gas mask.
Frank is a character who presents himself once in a blue moon.
Many producers know this and inevitably started in typing as a bad guy.
Like his bad guy in "speed", Hopper is on the verge of cursing and shouting every chance that he must speak.
This hardness is exactly what Frank is, so bizarre and twisted that it is difficult not to look at him, even if he makes you look away.
 "Blue Velvet" has characters and stories that you will never see in a film again.
For this reason, it is recommended.
But see it also to admire Lynch's obsession to avoid the norm.
Even if this film is a little too weird for you, it is difficult not to congratulate a guy to have tried something new and to stick to it.