"High Art" by Lisa Cholodenko, is an intelligent and calm drama.
Its strongest quality, apart from first -rate central performance, is the insightful way in which the film, also written by Cholodenko, observes its characters.
They are all imperfects, some more troubled than others, but they are not judged.
Judging the characters in this image would be a creative misstep on the parties of the filmmakers, because no one, no matter how bad they are, deserve to be judged negatively if they are involved in serious problems which they cannotrelease.
Syd (Radha Mitchell), a 24 -year -old woman living with her longtime boyfriend James (Gabriel Mann), recently received an ideal job at the high -level photography magazine, "Frame".
She really likes where her career is heading, but is often not taken very seriously by her managers, who always give her little job to do, when she knows that she could do more important things.
One night, while taking a bath, Syd notices a leak from the apartment above hers, so when she goes there to inform them, she meets Lucy Beliner (Ally Sheedy), a thin, worn woman andUnhappy, who lives with her German girlfriend toxicomane, Greta (Patricia Clarkson), a former pathetic actress who is generally so outside her that she is often in and out of conscience.
Syd quickly hinders a conversation with Lucy and discovers that she was an acclaimed photographer ten years ago.
Lucy claims that she does not want to return to the profession, but Syd manages to convince the publishers of "executive" to do an article on her work.
During all this time, Syd begins to develop deep feelings for Lucy, even if she has never been previously attracted to a woman, and Lucy begins a battle with her personal demons.
 "High art", is such an effective film because it is never coated with suager or idealized, but rather an honest and convincing portrait of a handful of unhappy people whose life is not going, while Syd's luckbegins to increase.
The film in no way concerns lesbianism, but on love, which was a refreshing change in rhythm compared to the usual stereotypical portraits of homosexuality.
While Lucy and Syd get closer and closer, we really believe that they fall in love with each other, even if the relationship could be condemned.
With this photo, the star of Ally Sheedy has further increased, thanks to his touching and almost impeccable porttayal of Lucy, a woman who, during a decade, has found her life consumed almost entirely by drugs, which'Has kidnapped a career.
Her characterized is really tragic, and a particular scene involving Lucy and her mother, in which Lucy admits to her that she has a drug problem, and her mother reacts suddenly saying that she cannot help her,is heartbreaking.
Although she is not autobiographical, Sheedy has had drug problems in her past, and I suspect that she has brought this knowledge of being already in the footsteps of Lucy to her role.
Radha Mitchell is also very good in the role of Syd, who previously played in the slight Australian comedy of 1997, "Love and other disasters", which caught me by surprise with his performance.
Powder to pass as a older sister of Christina Ricci, Mitchell obtains the same natural charism that made Ricci so popular recently.
As precise as almost all the details, "High Art", I hope that the relationship has been more closely written involving Syd and James, who, played by Gabriel Mann, is found with a disposable role.
As he discovers Syd and Lucy, he disappears from the film, and I hope that there was another scene where they confronted each other.
However, this is a very minor fault in a film full of wealth.
Although many characters are stuck in a pitless despair pit, Syd and Lucy are intelligent people who recognize their problems.
THE The character of Dominique (Anh Duong), the publisher of "Framework" who decides to give Syd a chance with his ideas, was also written to be much more mature than expected.
And the only sex scene in the film was beautifully and originally.
For once, he has not invoked steam, neither a violent sexual activity, nor a free nudity, but focused on real characters, who love each other and their insecurity involved in the decision to relate to sex.
 "High Art", which won the Screenwriting Award at the Sundance Film 1998, marks the first feature film by Cholodenko, as well as the strongest and best role of Sheedy to date.