"Endurance: Shackleton's legendary antarctic expedition"
In 1914, when the Great War went down to Europe, Sir Ernest Shackleton began his third expedition to Antarctica, this time to be the first to cross the continent linked to ice on foot.
28 men set sail on brigantine endurance and they would no longer be heard for almost two years.
Director George Butler, using film images and photographs of the historic journey, tells their remarkable story in "The Endurance: Shackleton's Legendary Antarctic Expedition".
The expedition started as a quest simply incredibly difficult to travel, on foot, the vast wasteland of Antarctica.
While the intrepid ship and crew entered the Weddell Sea, the entrance to the cold and cruel continent, they had not planned dense package ice putting the abrupt journey as endurance was trappedThe view of the earth.
For months, the ice thickened and compressed until the ship is crushed, failing men on the flow, propelling them far from their objective and, finally, in their rescue canoes.
Shackleton, faced with a desolate situation, made the decision to lead the three tiny boats to relative security from the uninhabited elephant island.
Once on this "safe" paradise, Shackleton then turned his goal to save his crew and return them to civilization.
He and five of his men leave the island in an open boat to make the trip of 800 miles to the most rough sea in the world to obtain the help of the inhabited island closest to southern Georgia.
Miraculously, the six lands, after 17 days at sea, on the uninhabited side of the target island and are forced to shake through perfidious mountains and covered with snow, covering 22 miles in just 36 hours.
This test is followed by several attempts by Shackleton to return to Elephant Island to save the other crew members.
In the end, he succeeds and everyone returned home, to be swallowed by the ravages of war.
The title of this fascinating documentary, "The Endurance", is more than the name of a ship that transported the crew of brave men on the edge of the world.
It is also the description of endurance and the capacity of each of the men who survived 19 months of the most difficult and exhausting conditions on the face of the earth.
The name of the film is a tribute to each member of the crew and to the ship which sheltered them for many months of antarctic freezing time.
He also describes the targeted mental state of Shackleton who has never abandoned himself or his men.
With astonishing foresight, Shackleton brought Australian director and photographer Frank Hurley on the trip.
The images filmed and the photos are remarkable because they capture the test of men, daily life, the affection all felt for their faithful sled dogs, the slow destruction of endurance and the preparations to leave the ice pack.
After the shipwreck of the ship, the remaining film, with the exception of a motionless camera and three film rolls, had to be thrown, so that the continuous chronicle of the incredible trip obtains less photo documentation asThe event takes place.
Considering that Hurley used relatively primitive photo technology in one of the hardest environments in the world and that it has so much captured on the film is a feat in itself.
 (Hurley created her own account of Shackleton's expedition in her 1919 documentary, "South", an interesting company for "The Endurance".
If Shackleton's original idea, documents his trek through the southern freezing continent, would have been a success, it would have been considered a super human feat.
As you look at the story of "The Endurance" take place, you realize that the disastrous obstacles that Sir Ernest and his men have been confronted and overcome were even more important than the first intention.
 (The incredible trip of 800 miles of Shackleton in an open boat is a fodder for a catchy adventure story self .)
However, there are a few minor nitpicks with this beautiful work.
Actor Liam Neeson tells the story, but his voice is too sweet spoken and lilant for the dramatic tale.
The nature of the test also concentrates most of the visual materials, both in the film and the photo, in the first half of the documentary.
While the adventure of the crew takes on more drastic paths, Hurley had fewer and fewer stocks of films available to impressive events.
Helmer Butler and his team fill the whites, but the treasure of "The Endurance", his film images, is mainly relegated to the first months of the expedition.
I cannot think of a true adventure which shows, better, the triumph of man on apparently insurmountable ratings.
 "The Endurance", based on Caroline Alexander's book, is a revealing documentary that goes where few men preceded and, more remarkably, the 28 survivors lived to talk about it.
I give him a B +.