It was a crazy period in France, with the French Revolution at the corner of the street.
King Louis XV would soon die, and his son would become King Louis XVI.
This is the frame of Beaumarchais: The Scoundrel on the controversial playwright, Spy and Playboy Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais.
Beaumarchais was the author of the pieces, "The Barber of Seville" and "Le Mariage de Figaro".
Today, people consider them as picturesque and harmless operas, but, in 1773, when the film took place, they were so scandalous that Beaumarchais was thrown into prison more than once.
The Beaumarchais film: The scoundrel adopts a light approach to its subject, resulting in an inviting film.
One of the most expensive productions in France of all time, the film was a huge success when it opened last year.
Now at theatrical release in the United States, this avoids the serious of most art films with a good story.
The secret of the success of the film, other than the sumptuous costumes of Sylvie de Segonzac, must be the performance of Fabrice Luchini like Beaumarchais.
With his sparkling eyes and his contagious smile, he hypnotizes the camera and the public.
His little ironic lips always seem to refer to a tacit disorder he plans.
In a country where the judicial intrigue determines its destiny, constant intrigues were a way of life for the aristocracy.
At the start of our history, we learn that Beaumarchais bought a judgment.
In his court comes a member of the nobility requiring an immediate sword fight.
Beaumarchais, who had an affair with the man's wife, keep him until the current case on the file was decided.
It finished with it, the fight is on.
With Luchini's charisma, it is difficult to enjoy someone other than him.
The public may remember him of the wonderful Colonel Chabert, in which he played the lawyer.
Although he does not have half of the beauty of his assistant Gudin, played by Manuel Blanc, he dazzles women and viewers with his grace and style.
Michael EPP's warm and intimate cinematography provides a beautiful accompaniment to sets of lush but realistic appearance of Jean-Marc Kerdelhue.
The music of Jean-Claude Petit, in particular the bewitching flute solos, makes it an enchanting period in the cinema.
Director Jean-Claude Brisville, who wrote the script with Edouard Molinaro, has expanded a sacha game play which, according to press notes, was only a series of historical vignettes.
The disorganization of the play always takes place at certain times in the film, but the actors smooth it with their style with good heart.
Typical of the scenes that come out of nowhere is the one in which a rotunda Benjamin Franklin appears in a large pot of hot water, taking his bath.
An episode makes Beaumarchais work with a renegat spy who may or may not be a man.
Another in Beaumarchais using his personal fortune to help the American Revolution.
All this can look like a dull historical drama, but that's it.
History plays more as the theater of the absurd than a film based on historical facts.
The Sandrine Kiberlain Radiarard plays Marie-Therese, the true love of Beaumarchais life.
But it is so sympathetic that public members may want to compete with her for him.
However, with his attractive smile, you can never be quite sure to trust him.
The film, on the other hand, can trust to deliver a high time.
Beamarchais: The scoundrel takes place 1: 41.
It is in French with English subtitles.
The film is not assessed but would be an R for a certain nudity and sex, and should be good for most teenagers.