While the small boats switch slowly to the shore of Omaha Beach Normandy on D -Day, the tired soldiers with sea sickness take a deep inspiration and open the large protective shield at the back of the boat.
They do not know exactly what will happen.
A man embraces the crucifix which drags around his neck.
As the flap falls, the battle begins.
They are trapped like rats in a cage and carry out pieces following enemy gunshots.
In the middle of the chaos of this massacre, a blow which, at least for me, is suspended in the air like the girl in the little red coat in the Schindler list.
A soldier, clearly missing an arm, wanders around the beach strewn like a lost puppy.
We are not invited to know what he is looking for until he finds him himself.
He leans, picks up his arm and begins to wear it, probably not bothering to ask; "And now?"
Saving soldier Ryan is a masterfully composed film.
Management is out of this world, surely the type of command that can win Spielberg another staging Oscar.
The cinematography, by Janusz Kaminsky, is also surprising.
But be warned, it is the most violent and graphic film I have ever seen.
The articles you read and the warnings you see are justified; saving the private Ryan is visually as disturbing as a film can get it.
The question is: "History and its realism justify excessive use?"
The answer from my point of view is "no".
Braveheart was a really grainy battle film, and we could imagine, a realistic battle film.
Ryan is ten times worse.
Expect disclovers, to suck up skulls, to heads blown on pieces, arms and legs flying on the battlefield.
Many in the theater could not bear to look.
And it's also a shame, because it is by far one of the stars of this year.
But these graphic screens can even refuse the most faithful supporters of Spielberg (and the members of the Academy).
Saving soldier Ryan takes us from the attack on Omaha Beach on D -Day, 1944, until the main mission of the film.
Captain Miller (Hanks) brings together a crew of 8 men and leaves to find a missing soldier, soldier Ryan, whose three brothers have already been killed on the battlefield.
The government hurts a lot to ensure that Ms.ryan does not receive a fourth letter of condolences on her sons, that no one should undergo such injustice.
Miller's crew is not in favor of the mission and they are starting to feed a secret hatred for Ryan, although they don't know him yet.
They do not have to rush to bring a soldier home who has no right to live more or less to live than any of them.
This film manages to maintain a quick rhythm and, although there is a lot of configuration between battles, the story continues at full speed until the end.
The rhythm and dramatism of the extremely well choreographed battle scenes are really in a separate league.
Spielberg, although it is not a "fast" film school, strikes it here, and does it better than Michael Bay or one of his MTV counterparts could never hope to do it.
The bay should pay special attention, take abundant notes.
If you want to jump every two seconds, do it like Spielberg does in Ryan.
In the end, the end of bloody violence is not justified by the "importance" of the film.
Schindler's list has taught many people the truth about the holocaust.
He opened his eyes, triggered a debate and a study.
Although Ryan's battle scenes have never been described so realistically before, they represent nothing as serious or stimulating as Schindler's list.
Overall, it is only the most true representation of the old adage, "war is hell".
But Braveheart's dosage would have adapted this much more appropriate film, and would have made the difference between that I recover the nerve to see it one day and realizing that it is something that I doubt that I could endure again.
masterful work spoiled only by Exce ssive gore.