"The Deep End" uses a palette of rich earth tones colored surrounded by a wide range of blues.
Attractive and attractive, but also frozen and disturbing blues.
After having taken their beauty, the eye seeks the reassuring browns and the Greens, like a tired swimmer in search of land safety.
The production also works this way? It initially draws you as a net and completely modern thriller, with exchanges cut between characters without communication with challenge.
But the real print of the film is the submerged humanity of two key actors while "The Deep End" gradually reveals the melodramatic nucleus under its ironic candy coating.
Spoiler alert: the following reveals the basic scenario.
I believe that the points of the plot are accessories, because the real rewards come by exploring the state of mind of the main characters, but you should still proceed at your own risk.
With her husband Tom, a navy officer, often at sea, Margaret Hall (Tilda Swinton) holds the fort, taking care of children, Beau (Jonathan Tucker), Paige (Tamara Hope) and Dylan (Jordon Dorrance), whileHis stepfather Jack (Peter Donat) hovers in the background, always looking.
The story opens with Margaret leaving the family home of Lake Tahoe to storm a male striptease club in Reno.
It seems that beautiful, his elder, has an affair with Darby Reese (Josh Lucas), a kind of little recommendable 12 years his elder.
Margaret demands that Darby leave his son alone, only for the man to smile at him and announces that he will be happy to avoid beautiful? For $ 5,000.
Back home, she tries to talk about everything with her son, but the child does not even confirm that he is gay, not to mention the problems she has with her boyfriend.
However, he is attentive when she reveals Darby's offer at $ 5,000, even though he maintains her sullen behavior.
Late in the evening, Darby comes outside, throwing pebbles at the beautiful window like a school.
The two meet at the water's water edge water, where something important happens.
I will not reveal what; it is enough to say that we become aware of a significant fact that Margaret does not do so.
By the way, all of this occurs in the first minutes of the film.
In about a day, Margaret's life becomes even more complicated when a suave man named Alec Goran Visnjic) appears with an explicit video band documenting Beau and Darby's sexual life.
He and his partner are ready to destroy the band, once Margaret coughs $ 50,000.
Oh, what should a mother do?
Final spoilers
Written, produced and produced by Scott McGehee and David Siegel ("Suture"), "The Deep End" is based on the 1940s of Elisabeth Sanxay Holding, "The Blank Wall", which was also the source of the filmFrom 1949, "The Recklessmoment."
I have neither read the book nor seen the film, but I understand that the filmmakers have changed certain details.
In the history of Holding, the "scandalous" relationship is between an older man and the teenage girl of Margaret.
The change of sex makes history more contemporary, and this also raises questions about Margaret's motivations.
Many criticisms of "The Deep End" describe Margaret as a mother ferociously protecting her son, but I wonder.
Consider this: Margaret lives in a meticulously maintained high -end house.
Her husband is absent most of the time and seems to be considered a figure larger than life.
His stepfather is constantly present, almost as if he was watching his son.
And when her husband calls, Margaret takes care not to tell her about everything that is going on with the family.
Is Margaret therefore a mother who accepts the sexual orientation of her son and simply tries to protect the young man of a lover whom she fears to take advantage of him?
Or is she the goalkeeper of a museum of higher complacency in the middle class, desperate to maintain the status quo so that everything is perfect when the old man returns from the sea ?
You adjust it.
Anyway, the resonance of "The Deep End" comes from two actors.
Goran Visnjic, the best known of the television drama "ER", is striking as a singer unlike everything you have seen before.
He hires Margaret in a fascinating dance of the protocol, chivalry and simmer eroticism.
But the star of this show, without a doubt, is the remarkable Tilda Swinton.
Look at shadows, depth, resources, vitality and discreet sexuality, she gives Margaret and try to imagine the film without her.
A few days after my second visualization of "The Deep End", I can still imagine his negotiation with bad guys, trying to connect with her son and dive into icy blue water.
 "The Deep End" is an exceptional film and Tilda Swinton is the best part.