Directed by: Pixote Hunt, Hendel Butoy, Eric Goldberg, James Algar, Francis Glebas, Gaetan & Paul Brizzi led by: James Levine composed by: Ludwig Van Beethoven, Ottorino Respighi, George Gershwin, Dmitri Shostakovich, Camille Saint-Saens, Paul Dukas, Sir Edward Elgar, Igor Stravinsky Assessed: G References of the Scriptures: 1 Samuel 16: 23, Ephesians 5: 19, 1 Chronicles 15: 15-16
In 1940, Walt Disney released a filmed experience.
Fantasia was a mixture of two art forms: classical music and animation.
Although he was not immediately popular with the public of his time, he has since been recognized as something of a classic.
According to the program notes, it was Disney's intention of having fancy being a continuous work in progress.
Sixty years later, thanks to the ongoing efforts of Walt's nephew, a new fantasia is published.
It was not only worth waiting for, it is proof of the distance to which the animation arrived during the last half-chief.
With seven new sequences and an old favorite, Fantasia 2000 shows an imagination and respect for its art form which is absent from most other feature films.
Like the original, Fantasia 2000 was going to wear the very young people, although there is more narrative appeal in this new version and the segments seem to be considerably shorter, perhaps a wink toThe shorter duration of attention of the studio's main public.
Going from stupid to the sublime, each segment is preceded by a short humorous or interstitial introduction by a guest celebrity animator, Steve Martin (Bowfinger) being the first and the most effective.
These are quickly forgotten while the conductor James Levine directs the Chicago Symphony Orchestra through the musical program which, with the images drawn by the team of Disney animators, is considerably and beautifully brought to a superb synthesis.
Fantasia 2000 is published exclusively in IMAX theaters on a giant scale, which makes a unique vision experience.
There is enough variety in the program to offer something pleasant to all and surely, people will leave theaters with their own personal favorites.
For me, this should be the history of the age of jazz of four unconnected and unhappy people living in New York which, without knowing it, help themselves to realize their dreams.
Designed in the style of the caricaturist al Hirschfeld and inspired by the Rhapsody of George Gershwin in blue, the music and the images mix perfectly, which results in a product superior to the sum of its two parts.
Children will like the short piece set to Carnival of the Animals by Camille Saint-Saens.
Here, a clumsy flamingo irritates the rest of the herd with its Yo-Yo buffoonery.
They will also glow Donald Duck, playing the assistant of Noah, will try to charge the animals in the ark with the familiar strains of the pump and the circumstances of Sir Edward Elgar.
 (Although the representation is not biblically exact, it is entertaining and could be a sufficient excuse to familiarize us with the real recording by reading what is written in Genesis 7.)
A positive note is that the studio avoided any segment which is as a dark perverse as Nihgt on Bald Mountain on which the original film ended.
There are images based on fantasies such as flying whales in Rome's breathing pines or images that have their roots in mythology such as ethereal creatures that tell the story of the life cycle, death and deathof the rebirth of nature in the Firebird suite of Igor Stravinsky.
But the stories they tell are edifying, containing nothing too scary for our young children.
The darkest, spiritually speaking segment, actually belongs to the only Holdover of the original fantasia, Mickey Mouse in the sorcerer's apprentice by Paul Dukas.
But overall, the emotions mentioned by Fantasia 2000 are positive, full of hope and promise.
Music has an impact that can be undeniably felt, capable of directing The listener of emotional summits and inspiring highs is simply not achievable through other mediums.
It is not surprising that the Levites, as a priestly tribe of the Old Testament, are also the named musicians.
If Fantasia 2000 is able to present a new audience to music that inspires and exalts, it will have rendered an incredible service.