Director David Fincher has such an eye for details that are very rare in Hollywood these days (Terry Gilliam comes to mind like any other).
The film is one of the best art forms, because not only can you tell a story, but you can use the camera to capture the smallest details and make something mean.
But most directors seem to go to action with the slightest ounce of a story.
Thus, each time a director uses the camera to its full potential, the film almost automatically deserves good criticism.
And when they add a fascinating story, you have almost perfect entertainment.
Fincing game is no exception.
The game is one of the most interesting and complex films to release Hollywood for a long time.
Finche has not made a film since "Seven", his box office and his critical hit that have challenged expectations and have become one of the best films of all time.
It is therefore time that he made another film.
And what a walk is.
The game is not as powerful as "seven", but in some respects, it's better.
Overall, the game could have used a little more clarity or a little more uncertainty.
It travels a line of madness and reality, but it never goes in both directions until the end.
The result is sufficiently satisfactory for previous events, and it makes a lot of meaning once everything is right.
Unfortunately, unlike the "usual suspects", we never receive enough information to understand what is happening, whether true or false.
However, this also gives the film a scary aspect that the game uses as much as possible.
The game is completely told from the point of view of his main character.
Nicholas Van Orton (Michael Douglas) is a very in a hurry and isolated businessman.
He lives alone in his giant mansion, divorced from his wife Elizabeth and celebrates his 48th birthday; the same age at which his father committed suicide, in the same manor.
For his 48th anniversary, Conrad (Sean Penn), the family rebel, offers Nicholas a gift voucher in CRS: consumer leisure services.
 "It will make your life fun again," promises his brother.
As skeptical as Nicholas is, he is somewhat intrigued and annoyed by the lack of information - something that this businessman hates.
Seeing a display panel in an office, he decides to visit the mysterious business.
Jim Feingold (James Rebhorn) greets Nicholas and the guide throughout the registration process, which consists of psychological tests, physical, emotional responses and other mental games.
 "Each match is adapted to the emotional and psychological needs of each person," explains Feingold.
One day, Nicholas receives a CRS call and they explain that he failed the tests.
Even more intrigued and now somewhat angry when he spent registering, he begins to ask to see what people can tell him about the business.
What he does not realize is that the game has already started.
The telephone call is only the first of many strange events to be launched by Nicholas.
How he discovers that he is involved must be assisted because it is fun and fun and visually impressive.
The detail involved in Fincher's shots is incredible and almost requires a second visualization just to appreciate the effort devoted to it.
With "Seven", Fincher had almost all the shots meant something.
He also has the unique ability to make you look at exactly what he wants.
Compared to "Seven", the game is light and comical.
Due to the sense of humor and self -awareness of this film, nothing can be taken very seriously.
So do not try to give a lot of meaning to what is going on in the game, because he does not want you to do it.
What makes sense is the final revelation - when everything becomes apparent and clear.
If it is taken as it is, the end of the game is completely logical.
But if you try to criticize every detail, then you embark on the intrigue holes and the record.
Maybe I S The reason why I accosted the film.
While trying to stay realistic and plausible, the plot is too incredible to create real tension on the screen.
We don't really care if the character of Douglas lives or not because it is not credible.
The end obliges you to have believed everything that has happened previously, but if you suspend the disbelief and take the film as it is, you can accept the game as a thriller emotionally and psycholically disturbing.
Michael Douglas gives a great performance as a Nicholas.
Douglas has already played lonely businessmen, but here he adds another level to his performance.
His character, which is normally spread out and is based on facts, is forced to trust anyone.
Can he believe the waitress he struck?
What about his brother who involved him in the game in the first place?
Douglas extremely portrays this aspect of his character and gives one of his best performances (even better than his character "Falling Down").
The support cast is essential in this film, and the cast was critical.
Sean Penn is always good, and he gives another credible performance as Douglas's brother.
Deborah Kara Uger (of "crash") is the waitress he falls, and his performance is extremely good.
In fact, she almost steals Douglas' film.
James Rebhorn depicts his character very well and adds a certain confusion and desparation to the difficult situation of Douglas.
Another good performance comes from Armin Mueller-Stahl (from "Shine") as editor-in-chief of the book.
But since Douglas is in each scene of the game, he commands not only this casting, but made that this distant and lonely character comes to colorful life.
The game is classified R for language, violence, gore and nudity and drugs.
What is essential for this film to work is writing.
John Brancato and Michael Ferris woven a confusing and convincing scenario with a dialogue full of spirit, and very funny moments.
This scenario will probably get an nodal nomination for the best original scenario, because it does almost exactly the same thing as the usual suspects have done.
However, the visuals of the game are sufficient to ensure that the spectator takes advantage of the annoying intrigue.
And if you can make you believe everything that is happening on the screen, you will be entertained by one of the best films of this year.