If he is not 92T, be careful, Mel Gibson may be known as someone other than Mad Max.
Of course, there are still a few big canons in this film, but there is also an accomplished game.
Although Gibson continues to lose his harsh and grainy anti-hero skin as his career progresses, he explores a new genre here: the businessman as a hero of action.
In Ron Howard's latest film = 92, Gibson plays Tom Mullen, owner of the gas company whose son is torn from the junior scientific fair by kidnappers.
Mullen first agrees to pay the ransom, but when things collapse, he rethink the situation.
A veteran of numerous commercial negotiations with a hard nose, the magnate realizes that to put his son back alive, he must play his hand differently.
The cast is what puts this film over it.
The trio of Gibson, the brain of the kidnappers (Gary Sinise) and the team leader of the FBI (Delroy Lindo) play perfectly with each other.
The sinis is perfect because the sleezebag trained schemes is just on the brand.
His speech in Mullen on a talkie-talkie of H.G .Wells = 92 Morlocks and Eloi reveal his vision of =
Société .Mullen and the other Glitteratti drugs on the top while Sinis and the other Lowlifs live below, feeding on without distrust.
The character of Gibson = 92S is an entirely American hero with some faults.
His cowboy =
Tactics tend to work, but this is also what brought it to this situation to start.
In a way, if he was known as a man who is ready to buy his way out of problems, his son would not have been kidnapped.
As Sinise says "you = 92re a payer.
You have done it once and now you = 92re go redo it. "
One of the most beautiful elements of this film is that most of the characters really have personalities.
Lindo calls home to talk to his children, obviously shaken to work on this affair.
Even the kidnappers are real people, competing for the ultimate fate of Sean Mullen and feeding him candy bars.
Gibson = 92s the breakdown on the balcony of their penthouse apartment is particularly effective.
Il = 92s one of the best filmed representations of a man = 92s world that I have seen.
Il = 92s not all perfect.
The shoot 'Em Upending, although emotional satisfaction seems to be classified as that rather than providing a powerful resolution.
As made as the scene is, we see it before.
Mullen = 92s wife (René Russo) has several good times, but sometimes he seems to be there.
Although Dequate, Brawley Nolte (Sean) does not provide much to the film other than occupying space to build history.
But you = 92ll ignore these problems because every minute of the film is based on the previous one.
Forget the big coke, you won = 92T you want to leave for this five -minute break an hour later.