With many big budget science fiction films, big ideas are often wasted by bad scripts, cheese twists and turns and a terrible game.
The fifth element, the abyss and Godzilla had great concepts wasted by a bad game, a writing or both.
At first glance, the matrix, Larry & Andy Wachowski SCI-FI / KUNG-FU / SHOOT-EM-UP Spectacular, looks like a main candidate to join the list of bad films at high concept, in particular with Dopey Keanu Reeves in theTêterôle.
But despite high levels of cheese and a light dialogue, the matrix works.
It is a strange mixture of action and surreal fantasy that borrows dozens of other films (the most obviously the Terminator, Star Wars and Total Reminder films), but remains refreshing and interesting all along.
Reeves plays Neo, a computer pirate who stumbles in a set of meetings initially confusing with "Trinity" (Carrie-Anne Moss), a rival pirate who has supernatural powers and a beautiful appearance, a figure of omniscient invisible worship known under the nameof "Morpheus" (Lawrence Fishburne), and a trio of frightening men in dark costumes who act like Irs of Hell.
Neo quickly learns that the world he has known all his life is not what it seems.
In addition, he discovers that the dark and dark world it is presented waited for it to save him.
Neo is reluctant to assume the role of the Messiah, with serious doubts that he is in fact "the one" has prophesied to come and save the world.
Reluctance or not, the following is a mixture of shootings with Hong Kong style idle, surrealist dream sequences, high-speed prosecution and Kung-Fu comic strips.
The film also raises interesting philosophical questions about reality.
How do you know exactly what is real and what you think?
And if the real world was much harder and darker than a fantasy in which you lived, would you like to face the real world or continue to live in a more comfortable illusion?
Unfortunately, the matrix does not provide a lot of answers to the questions she raises, but at least she puts some ideas behind all the explosions, the shootings and the flying rotyle kicks.
Australian actor Hugo Weaving, who plays agent Smith, may be stolen the whole show in the matrix, the chief of frightening agents of sunglasses and costumes that seem capable of being anywhere andDo anything to prevent Neo and his friends from destabilizing the matrix.
The stony appearance of weaving, the impassive voice and frightening comments put a dark human face on the haunting and perverse technological force which controls the matrix.
Like Robert Patrick as T-1000 Terminator of Shapeshifting in Terminator 2: Judgment Day, weaving is more scary than any monstrous foreign robot because, despite his power and his apparent invincibility, he looksOrdinary, even lean.
The weaving embodies its role with a memorable cooled presence.
The film has really breathtaking special effects and elegant cinematography.
It seems that it is deliberately Kitchy, with stylized combat sequences produced by the Hong Kong waterfall specialist, Wo Ping, who would have required months of martial arts by the actors.
In some scenes, the installation and posture are involuntarily funny.
The simple fact of seeing Keanu Reeves getting involved in serious kung fu is a bit shocking.
However, with the comic book style and the tone of the film, you can support voluntary disbelief long enough to enjoy the ride without losing patience.
The matrix is not a classic.
Its open and confusing conclusion raises more questions than they answer.
He does not solve many of his own twists and turns and philosophical questions.
It is also based on a conventional sentimentality to save the hero - the kind of good -being shomaltzy well -being that most of the film avoids.
It seems that producers have great hopes for the film to be the first of a trilogy and have already started working on the history of the suite.
Unfortunately, the public deserves a little more A vague sense that history will continue in the future.
The matrix is a fun and pleasant diversion, like a large puff of papa to a carnival.
Do not be surprised half an hour later when you are still a little hungry.