When I heard of contact for the first time, the media threw built it like a science fiction blockbuster.
Now, in this spirit, coupled to the knowledge of the involvement of Jodie Foster in the project, I thought "What does the world do in a science fiction blockbuster ??".
It turned out that my expectations were completely canceled and became upside down.
Robert Zemeckis, back from the euphoria created by his latest film, Forrest Gump, proves once again his mastery in the fusion of adventure stories with the endearing lines of the human mind.
Do not get me wrong, contact is science fiction? But with a final difference.
Based on the late novel by Carl Sagan of the same name, history arises in questions about science and God; Fait and faith.
Allie (Foster) is radio-astronomer.
She spends her time listening to the stars, via ultra-huge communication dishes looking for a smart life beyond the solar system.
Her passion for "long-distance communication" is the result of his youth, which was eagerly happened in front of a Ham-Radio system (a radio-amateur communication device) that her late father bought for her.
A scene that particularly strengthens public perspective on passion is when she asked her father if she could contact her end of the mother through the Ham-Radio system in which her father replied "even the most radioPowerful of the world cannot do it now. "
Allie's research is based on the STI project (search for additional earthly intelligence), in which she listens to the radio programs of other galaxies in the hope of finding one that would suggest an intelligent manipulation.
His work has never been the examination of the American government, who considers that it is a waste of taxpayer money and politically non -viable, his supervisor (Tom Skerritt) disconnects Seti.
Industrial, Allie managed to bring together a faithful group of "believers" and finally found funding from a large private company.
The following months were treacherous of their hopes and their research because they are subject to pressures by the government, but everything that changed when she caught a program of a apparently intelligent repetitive sound wave.
The news of her discovery attracted hordes of extraterrestrial believers, cultist, media and of course the government.
The situation became intense when discovering pictorial plans on the construction of a transport which was anchored in the repeated sound emission.
While the world is associated with this transport, combines is desperate to be the only one to go.
It is part of a few hopes, to represent the world when transport is ready for operation.
His eligibility for the place has failed when it is questioned about his beliefs in the existence of God by the spiritual advisor of the president (McConaughey); combines, being an atheist, the result of his belief in fact and in science, refuses tomove during the interrogation.
At this stage, the intrigue of the film thickens considerably because it is romantically involved with the spiritual adviser of the president.
A strong point that propelled the film is the depth of its main characters played by Foster and McConaughey.
From the very first scene in Reunion, it is obvious that the two were in a way of the spirits in a way, but they were worlds separated in almost all aspects, the family being a person attracted by science and the facts andMcConaughey being the one who believes in faith, the hope and the power of the invisible.
The meeting of their worlds, added with the situation in which they are placed, makes the whole process of narration almost flawless.
Many people who read the synopsis of this film would find that it is a little too ridiculous, but by immersing yourself in fact, gives you an entirely different perspective; the one who is free from bias and preconceptions.
Zemeckis and his team of writers did a remarkable job by telling this story through a film.
The contact works by not plunging in controversy but rather affects the thought audience Iénce, exhorting them to think about the questions raised in the film concerning the facts and faith; if one can really find a compromise inside.
I consider contact as one of the essentials of this year.