Denzel Washington is among the many players this holiday season to give very impressive stage performance.
It may be the best of Washington to date.
He joins Matt Damon and Jim Carrey by having the talent, this season, to become his character, perfectly copying manners and personal styles.
His very credible performance made of "the hurricane" long and without interest a much better film than it is actually.
When his "Hurricane" Rubin Carter feels pain and is tormented by racism, he creates for the public a great feeling of sympathy, disgust and perhaps even embarrassment because it is our own country that breaksThe laws to support idiotles prejudices.
The real horrible events that Carter has suffered from his whole life are slightly more disturbing and terrifying because they did not take place a few decades ago.
The powerful expressions of Denzel Washington, as a tortured housing, summarize the problems of racism in the history of America.
He is so incredible.
The problem with "Hurricane" is that compared to Washington, all other actors are not as memorable in their roles.
Mainly because the script focuses so much on Carter, whether it leaves little interest or space for other actors.
It is, without a doubt, Washington's film, but for any film to be completely satisfactory, it must use everyone in the casting to its greatest potential, not only the stars.
Denzel Washington is the only reason to see this film for his inspiring and very depressing tour de force.
As Rubin Carter, we see a black man whose existence was a bag of punch for the American white judicial system.
> Since the age of eleven to twenty, he has been sent to a minor prison for a crime he has not committed.
Then after a successful career in marriage and boxing, he was hard imprisoned for life after being supervised for a triple murder.
Carter's second mandate in prison seemed almost inevitable when he was confronted with jealous and powerful white men who refused to let him succeed.
According to these experiences spent in prison, Carter realized that he had to make his file heard for all of America.
After several calls for justice, an autobiography and many public marches for his freedom, Carter remained locked up in prison.
It was not until a young black boy from Brooklyn studied in Toronto Read Carter's book in the 1980s, that a serious battle for freedom took place.
The young boy and his three Canadian guards decide to devote all their time to the case until the Liberation of Carter.
The biggest scenes in the film are when Carter begins to lose their heads after spending three months in isolation.
Washington really shows Carter's rupture when after having sworn, he would never go to prison again, he is unfairly framed at the height of his innocent career.
Washington's devastation in the eyes shows a man who had trouble doing the right thing all his life to be punished for that.
In the hole, Carter tries to maintain emotional balance but he cannot.
His anger is increased to a point without control.
We see several cars, an angry violent, a passive silencer and a mediator.
We see an emotional boxing match in Carter's head.
From this point in the hole at the end of the film, this fight continues.
It is sometimes very obvious on which side the battle wins and in certain scenes, there is a direct transition from anger to care or on the contrary.
When Carter sees that white Canadians want to help him get out of prison, the angry casing bursts first.
The whites tried to hurt her all her life, this reminders leads to anger in her head.
However, while the film continues and the Canadians continue to help Carter, we see the calm side.
He realizes that the company is changing.
This racism decreases and now Carter wants to leave the prison immediately and be part of this world.
very I have rarely seen such a determination to perfect his role as Washington here.
If only the other actors had the same determination.
Dan Hedaya, ridiculously plays the man who sends Carter to prison twice by forcing witnesses to lie and change evidence.
It was as if his character had been removed directly from an episode of "Scooby Doo"; he would have withdrawn with that if it was not for these boring little children.
 "The Kids" in this film are the three Canadians who are terribly underused to make their relationship with underdeveloped and incredible Carter.
Lawyers who help Liberate Carter are also underused, just like Clancy Brown as a prison guard (all the opposite of his character in "Shawshank Redemption").
There are a lot of talents in this support distribution, but that never appears.
Hedaya was superb in "Clueless", the same for David Paymer in "Get Shorty", Harris Yulin in "Ghostbusters" and Liev Schreiber in "The Daytrippers".
It is a mystery how these many actors have signed such shallow roles.
On the other hand, it is absolutely not a mystery why Denzel Washington agreed to play Rubin "Hurricane" Carter.
This role is almost as far as possible.