Synopsis: Rumors concern a real person, the history of Mulan has circulated in the oral tradition for more than a thousand years, and inspires operas, literature and even money.
 (Since 1984, China has issued annual sets of gold and silver pieces commemorating famous historical figures; the 1992 set includes Mulan.)
In Mulan's ballad (written in the 5th or 6th century), an imperial edict of the Khan (Emperor) orders the men of each family to be written in the army to defend China.
The parents of a girl hear sighs and think that their daughter Mulan (the name means that Magnolia) dreams of boys, but in fact, she dreads what horrors could arrive at her former disabled father if he had to be drafted to fight.
Mulan fled courageously, pretending to be a boy, to serve in the army instead of his father.
Ten thousand miles and twelve years of brutal war later, the army finally returned to triumph.
The emperor wants to reward the value of Mulan with a prestigious position in the government, but she refuses, accepts a horse and returns quietly to the house to put on his real clothes.
The old friends of Mulan’s army visit and get the shock of their lives when they discover that Mulan is actually a woman.
The Disney Mulan animated function is similar to the story of the ballad, but it adds a modern character for the comic relief: Mushu the Dragon (Eddie Murphy).
In Disney's Mulan, when a fierce army of Huns invasive threatens to overcome Pacific China, the emperor orders a man from each family to be enlisted in the army.
Old MR.FA (Soon-Tek Oh) is disabled and has no son; he has only his animated girl Mulan (Ming-Na Wen).
Fearing for the life of his father, the courageous Mulan secretly cuts his hair, disguises himself as a man and sneaks to serve in the army in place of his father.
Meanwhile, Mushu, the disgraced and demoted guardian dragon of the FA family, was reduced to the size of a squirrel and the status of incense burner.
 (His only duty is to ring a gong.)
Mushu strikes a plan to redeem themselves and regain its status as a tutor by helping the mulan disguised to become a male warrior hero.
With the help of Mushu, a lucky horse and cricket, can the army recruit Mulan saving China and doing the honor of the FA family?
Opinion: East meets west.
I know a chef at Santa Fe who does this kind of magic; he combines Asian culinary influences from the west coast with South Latin America and Atlantic Europe to concoct new creations that just strike the rightCombination of flavors.
From their advanced animation studio to Orlando, Disney hopes to work on the same kind of east / west magic with Mulan.
I mean, what would you say if I told you that a new film presented the art of the Tang dynasty, with Donny Osmond Singing, Ming-Na Wen Aging and Eddie Murphy playing a Chinese dragon who makes popman references to BatmanAnd at Reverend Jessie Jackson?
However, this is the case in the reinterpretation of Disney of the familiar Chinese classic.
The end result is spectacular; Mulan is one of the best Disney films.
Personally, I am also happy to see the detestable American stereotype of the Asian woman with a low substitution at will take a blow: Mulan is described as a normal, although amortized and compassionate girl capable of taking the initiative.
Mulan is more than graphics and oriental faces combined with westernized pop and Disney.
Children of all ages will love family themes and will understand the thing of good guys against the bad guys.
And teenage girls and pre -adolescent girls can appreciate the romantic factor, while boys admire the battles.
And adults can admire these male / female shades as well as the interaction between traditional family notions, honor and duty with the notions of industrial age of romantic love, short duration and questions.
But even the smallest details reveal quality.
Film art supervisors spent three weeks in China The ear with the right aspect: negative spaces, positive details, period clothes and graphic conceptions typical of the hour and the place.
Computers were used for crowd scenes up to 30,000 people, and a special program called "Attila" was used for a spectacular sequence involving 2000 Huns attacker on horseback.
And the singers Osmond and Salonga are at the top of their game.
The balance is crucial.
A film on a lonely drained dragon played by Eddie Murphy may not be the Disney tea cup, but if you use the character as a comic acolyte to balance a determined and animated heroine, then, Pow!
The dream team.
Likewise, a story about a girl in the army could be a sober exercise of filial piety by himself, but throw the dragon in there and you have enough Wahoo individualism for a Disney blow with a light heart.
It is rare that a film can combine in a transparent way elements of the East and West, Old and Young, Male and Female in a cohesive and entertaining all, but Mulan strikes the universal Bullseye.
It is a film for any age, belief, sex or color.