While the screen adaptations of John Irving's novels have been disappointing, the films have all shared a particular force: the key cast.
Who can forget John Lithgow as Roberta Muldoon, the transsexual quarter of "The World according to Garp" or Nastassja Kinski like Susie L'Ours in "The Hotel New Hampshire"?
Many good casting decisions have entered into the creation of "The Cider House Rules", an adaptation of Irving's 1994 poetic novel on a young agitated man called Homer Wells.
Among these solid judgments, there was the decision to ensure that the splendid Tobey Maguire assumes the central role; the decision to throw Michael Caine as his mentor and his paternal figure, Dr. Wilbur Larch, the Obstetrician of Tête Toxicomane deThe ether of the St. The Orphanage of Cloud, Maine; and the decision to offer Jane Alexander and Kathy Baker supporting roles as a chief infirmarian.
Then there are the brothers who populate the apple orchard where Homer Wells finds himself shortly after leaving St.Cloud, including Delroy Lindo, Oscar? -Asuite as the foreman of the details of the work of migrants who derives from highAt the bottom of the coast while the seasons take them.
There is Kate Nelligan as matriarch of the house of cider, and Charlize Theron like Candy, the charming lonely wife of a Bombardier pilot of the Second World War (Paul Rudd) was sent back to the foreigner leaving the candiesTo put lobster traps with Homer Wells, a man who has seen the ocean before and even less a lobster.
Do I forget someone?
Yes .
Kieran Culkin and Paz de la Huerta as residents of the dissolved orphanage who make you sit down and note each time they are on the screen.
But with "The Cider House Rules", the decisions of good people do not end with the casting.
Irving wrote his own script in order to do things this time ("Simon Birch" from last year, based on his "A prayer for Owen Meaney", was a big screen of Irving managed from the bottom of the'Order); The author appears here as a station master here.
Rachel Portman, a composer of such a soft and lyrical tenderness, provides a partition which is absolutely correct for the project - sweet, lyrical and tender.
There is also an impressive photograph in New England by Oliver Stapleton.
The last one but in no case is the director "my life as a dog" tired Hallstr? M, which shows a huge competence to bring this collective to bring together and help to give life to the wonderfully touching story of Irving.
For the many beloved people who die in "The Cider House Rules", it is an extraordinarily affirmed story.
And now, thanks to these talented people, it is an extraordinarily affirming film.