To date, I thought I had seen each film by Alfred Hitchcock at least half a dozen times - not that I complain.
Calling him the "master of suspense" is an understatement.
The Paradine affair (1947), certainly one of the lower films in Hitchcock, turned out to be the one I had missed.
This one, like all Hitchcock films, is well worth it to be savored.
The story opens with the rich Mrs.Maddalena Anna Paradine is arrested at her house to poison her blind husband.
As Mme.paradine, Alida Valli plays a woman from a distance but attractive in the world.
For the austere and bad humor music of Franz Waxman, we see the guards of the prison stripping her with her luxurious clothes and jewelry.
Stripped of her fine dress, she becomes a rotary again, who, in the end, was what she was before meeting her husband.
 "A brief skirmish, and you have lunch again at Savoy," said Anthony Keane, his ultra -connant lawyer told him during their first meeting, predicting a quick and easy trial.
Gregory Peck plays the success and the Denying lawyer.
 "She is not a murderer," he said in a simplistic way, struck by her beauty.
 "She is too good a woman."
His attitude upsets his beautiful jealous and growing wife, Gay (Ann Todd).
Unlike most Hitchcock films, centered on thriller and mystery, it is more a romantic melodrama.
Typical is the scene in which Gay throws his head back and shakes his hair while bathing with light.
She diverts the affections of her husband because she fears that he is starting to fall in love with her client.
The dramatic music is then high while the camera lives Mrs.Portrait of Paradine nearby.
In the first relatively unsatisfactory first half, little happens other than domestic quarrels and connotations of intense adulterous desires.
To the sound of scanning violins, Gay told Anthony that he must obtain Mrs..The paradine has acquitted because, if Mme.The Paradine dies, her heart will go with her.
If she is released, he can forget it.
As part of the soap opera, a mysterious Louis Jordan plays M.The Valet de Paradine, who had it not to discuss relationships.
Charles Coburn plays Anthony's legal partner, Sir Simon Flaquer.
And Charles Laughton, who looks like Coburn, is judge Lord Horfield.
This being the right British company, they will all dine together at the judge's house shortly before the start of the case.
Court television addicts will probably court the many differences, certain subtle and others not, between American and British judicial systems.
One, for example, which I did not know is that the lawyer cannot speak to his own client during recess if it is the process of testimony.
One sometimes wonders what the Academy thinks when they make their nominations to the Oscars.
As the Judge's wife, Lady Sophie Horfield, Ethel Barrymore obtained an appointment for the best support actress - the only appointment of the film - for a part without consequences with which she made little merit.
 (So, is the big question when Hitchcock has its mandatory return?
37 minutes after the start of the film, he left a station carrying a large housing of music instruments.
Don't miss it.)
In the second half, the story finally ends when it enters the courtroom.
The Grand Master shows his hand there while tensions are based as quickly in the second part as in the first part.
Look at how the angles of the camera are sometimes from the back and other times of Way on High to define the exact tone of the test of the test.
As the Anthony explains, the simple case has only 3 possibilities: MR.The paradine poisoned, Mrs.Paradine did, or the valet did it.
The end includes many devastating revelations and beautiful twists and turns, so it is a shame that the first half is so languid.
The paradine housing works 1: 53.
The picture is in black and white.
It is not evaluated but would be PG for mature themes and would go well for children aged nine and over if they are interested.