Fooking for a largely loved film is indeed a heavy proposal, especially when the first film is considered by many as a masterpiece.
When it comes to meeting expectations, a filmmaker is almost sentenced to a certain degree of failure.
For a suite, at the height or even exceeding the size of the original is indeed very rare.
And while "Babe: Pig in the City" lacks the equality of the greatness of its best predecessor called Babe, it is a worthy complementary piece.
More than that, it is a spectacular work of art that deserves to be alone in its own right.
 "Babe: Pig in the City" guarantees the classification of being recognized with classics like "The Godfather: Part II" and "The Empire Strikes Back" as one of the largest suites ever produced.
 "Babe: Pig in the city" resumes precisely where "baby" stopped.
Having won the herd of sheep herd competition, the farmer Hoggett (James Cromwell) and his pig are raised to glory.
A series of unhappy circumstances and died hilarious events in Mrs.hoggett taking baby from the small country farm in the big city.
In doing so, the film transports us to a wonderfully imaginative world that simultaneously reflects and exceeds the creative design seen in the original.
 "Babe: Pig in the city" flourishes where so many suites fail.
Most suites warm up the events of the first film.
Not "Babe: Pig in the City".
It is a completely original story that offers a story radically different from the first.
In addition, by not being content to use most of the old characters, this film offers us many new ones.
Essentially, he does not try to copy himself.
Instead, he strives to reach his own originality.
And he succeeds.
This does not mean that the pet is absent.
 "Babe: Pig in the City" retains some of the best elements and basic characters in the first film.
With Babe himself, Ferdinand Le Canard arrives for the ride, just like Mme.hoggett (one of the characterizations of the best and most underestimated comics of this decade, made hilarious by Magda Szubanski).
The three singing mice also travel, crisscrossing with their cute trees.
The structure of history is also similar to what each segment is introduced with title cards read by the aforementioned mice.
From there, we are again guided by the soothing story of Roscoe Lee Browne.
Composer Nigel Westlake also returns with his fanciful musical style which is perfect for cinematographic fables like these.
But these elements are simply the frame that surrounds an entirely new painting.
While staying at the Flealands hotel, baby meets a real arch of new animals.
Singes, kittens and dogs of various breeds and sizes are some of the new "Urbanites" that baby befriends, as well as wonderfully comical pelicans that Ferdinand Le Canard meets.
Each character is clearly unique, some of which are imbued with personal human struggles which are endearing and touching.
And although this world is largely focused on these animals, we are also introduced to two new human characters.
Mary Stein embodies the owner of the Flealands Hotel, a young bachelor who loves animals that houses these creatures lost a lot against the dismaying anger of her comrades.
The owner of Stein is a wonderfully strange caricature.
We also meet Fugly Floom, an old clown with a soft voice that has many animals from the Flealands hotel, using them within the framework of the act he performs in different parts and functions.
Having not known who portrayed Fugly Floom before seeing the film, he came as a pleasant unexpected surprise to see who it was.
So, in order not to ruin this well -maintained secret, I will not reveal the identity of the actor here.
It was a treat to see one of the legends of cinema decorate the screen again in what was superbly soft and heartw Armament performance.
The biggest triumph of "Babe: Pig in the City" is the artistic direction.
In other words - he bleeds creativity, passing the look of the original film to a whole new level.
Mainly limited to a farm the first time, this second episode creates an entire city, dazzling us with a unique fable architecture.
But the stroke of pure genius by the production designer Roger Ford is its use of the architectural monuments of our world.
Design a horizon line that includes the statue of freedom, the Sydney opera, the Brooklyn Bridge, the Hollywood Sign and the Tower Eiffel, Ford has created a singular city that includes all our cities (as we can see in thePhoto and the pre-production of films and the pre-productiondessin to your right).
Added to that, many streets in this city are the twin brothers and sisters of the Rivières in the gondola of Venice.
The metropolis which comes from Ford's vision is a wonderful show to see.
It is a world in which you want to walk.
The conceptions of costumes of Norma Moriceau belong to this world, of vibrant color and style equal to that of the landscape of the Ford.
Most costumes are imaginatively caricatured, with the most exotically large design going to that of Fugly Floom clown outfit.
The photography of Andrew Lesnie captures these elements with various lighting moods which are beautifully effective in creating the multiple emotional tones of the film.
Many press pressures were carried out during the weeks preceding the release of "Babe: Pig in the City".
The reports indicate that its original cut was marked by a PG-13 note.
These reports were discovered as false because it was awarded a PG note.
But even so, being something harder than the G note of the original had many parents and fans in your arms.
By removing a minimal number of blows, "Babe: Pig in the City" was finally given the G copted.
Although APAIS, many fans were always concerned about the fact that it would be too dark, fearing that the film had been possessed by Tim Burton himself.
Well, to invent a sentence, the reports of the death of "Babe: Pig in the City" in the hands of a dark, frightening and felliniesque interpretation were very exaggerated.
Admittedly, he has his moments of pseudo-morbidity, but in all "Babe: Pig in the City" is the funny and charming adventure that everyone hoped that it would be.
Whatever the "dark" moments, it can be assigned to director George Miller (the "Mad Max" trilogy, the Witches of Eastwick "," Lorenzo's Oil ").
Having served as a producer and co-written on the first film, Miller settles in the director's chair for this one, putting his own sense of style in this budding franchise.
The story of "Babe: Pig in the City" is an enchanting thread, but which does not reach the emotional or character of the original.
Here it is missing the attempt to observe intoxicating themes such as personal identity, the value of an individual, difficult conformity and his goal in life.
 "Babe" dealt with this subject of weight, creating a timeless fable.
 "Babe: Pig in the City" should not have reshuffled these themes, but I want him to try to explore new ones.
This film is not devoid of morale or message because it is parallel to questions such as urban conflicts, class differences, sacrificial courage, etc.
But the objectives of this film are not as high as the first, by choosing rather to take a simpler approach, allowing its themes to sit on an exciting adventure, sometimes intense and which is undeniably intelligent and inventive.
 "Babe: Pig in the City" also decides not to develop a relationship with the level that was present in the first film, in particular the one between the farmer Hoggett and Babe.
Hoggett's love for Babe, who has become so gently, was what gave this film its charming and endearing quality.
Best illustrated in Hoggett's dance for Babe, this relative in motion The ship was really unique.
This is something I would have liked to be present again (and could have by Fugly Floom), but no.
Please understand, these are not negative criticisms, in itself, but simply declarations of what I consider as the differences between "babe: pig in the city" being a very good film and the original being a big.
But that said, these observations are at best minors.
As a global room, "Babe: Pig in the City" is a completely enchanting and entertaining fable from start to finish.
Of course, this is not a big film, but it is an excellent that has elements of magnitude.
It is a film that is magical with its charm and its humor, exciting in its adventurous exploits, funny with its dry mind and its pretty voices, and breathtaking in its presentation.
 "Babe: Pig in the City" is perhaps not the creation of movements to its best, but it is in terms of cinematographic quality which is rarely reached or seen in cinema.
As a result, if you choose to leave this film you pass, you will miss the best cinematographic treats of the year.