If you were lucky to create a genetically perfect child, would you do it?
 "Gattaca" is a film that presents a future where the company answered "yes" to this question, but then thinks if it was actually the right decision.
 "Gattaca" was released only a few months after the first genetically modified creature, the adorable dolly sheep, and in this spirit, the film only becomes more frightening.
The way in which the field of genetics is heading, it can only take a few decades until the future "Gattaca" present becomes true.
Unlike deceptive trailers, "Gattaca" is not a science fiction thriller, the way there is a lot of murder, Hitchcockian suspense and hunting scenes.
It is a calm and sad film on intelligent theories.
In fact, the film seems to have been written by George Orwell or Aldous Huxley (the latter of the novel of which "Brave New World" presented genetically modified children).
It is a film that could probably become a cult success for people who are afraid by a promise of shallow utopia, which presents exactly what "Gattaca" presents ... and the main reason for which I have itso dug.
The story revolves around the genetically insufficient Vincent Freeman (Ethan Hawke), a man with great hopes but a chance of 90% of heart problems, and a prospected lifespan of around 30 years.
As a child, he was deposited because of genetics threats, while his genetically perfect younger brother Anton (Loren Dean) was promised all that his heart wanted.
Vincent aspires to be an astronaut, but when he obtains a job in a giant space company, he is a concierge (Ernest Borgnine plays his boss!).
But one day, he discovers that it is probably possible that his desires can be achieved in the form of a trade agreement highlighted by a geneticist in the black (or something), German ("Wings" 'Tony Shalhoub,Who loved hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of people in films in 1997: "Men in Black", "a less ordinary life".
Fortunately, however, there is no trace of the accident, and he is ready to give someone else his life.
Since Vincent looks a bit like ...
After a few modifications (some minors, some really major), he put on Jérôme's life and does his job.
There, he meets a genetically imperfect woman, Irene (Uma Thurman, who is genetically perfect in real life anyway, hee hee), and the two begin a kind of relationship, although very superficial since the romance is considered by theway in which a man's statistics are great.
However, the murder of a high-level worker in his office is killed, and one of Vincent / Jerome's eyelashes is found by the anal retentive investigators led by a semi-video inspector, Hugo, (Alan Arkin), andNobody other than Vincent's's' lost for a long time, Anton, who has not seen it since they were adolescents.
We know that Vincent / Jerome did not do it, but with his older life displayed everywhere, not only Vincent / Jerome is in difficulty, but also the real Jerome, who is as much in it.
However, there are not many big pieces of suspense, which is actually a blessing because if they were launched, the film would lose its message and descend to be a science fiction thriller at the William Gibson.
The suspense of the film comes from the idea that Vincent and Jérôme can easily be captured simply by dropping a dead hair or skin.
Although there are several scenes which are quite frightening, there are no big distractions from the point of the film, to the disarray of the commercial public.
What is really described is the lack of life in utopian society that is created.
Irene has no real cum in her life and is rather surprised by the beauty of a sunrise rather than genetically perfect people.
And the genetically impeccable jerome is actually a bitter man, saying that his accident was really n o Accident.
What Jerome has done was to deceive the system by giving a man who aspires to better things a chance, and the end is shocking because it is a final work of dystopian propaganda, but does not have theEnd of other works of this kind.
The design of the production of this film is probably the best I have seen this year: it's beautiful, very pleasant to the eye, but always very cold.
Since genetics has excluded any chance of improvement, the world has cooled in a state of inhumanity, and the sets echo a feeling of shallow misery.
And the sequence of all high -level workers doing their job has a kind of feeling of Gilliam, showing the nightmare to slide into a routine zombie life.
The ability to perfect people has left cold and generally unhappy humanity.
Everyone's game is great, with Thurman giving a wonderfully cold performance, and Hawke creating a character who was beaten by the system but who found a new feeling of optimism by a bitter man who was ready to give itAnyway (interesting unnecessary, Uma and Ethan started to be released together after this film, and currently she is pregnant with her child).
But the best performance belongs to Jude Law, who steals each scene in which he is, and creates a character filled with pessimism to have such a horrible burden on his burden.
I think people are generally tempted by the fact that genetics can really create perfection in a child, but whether or not they are about this temptation is something that I am not sure.
 "Gattaca" warns us not to go further, mainly because we will create a world of elitism where the elite is superficial and unhappy, and as bitter and angry as the smallest people.
And when I see a possible future with a piano-player with 12 fingers, well people, who scares me.