Seen on September 5, 1998 at 10 p. Sony Nickelodeon Theatres (Boston, MA), Theater # 2, with Matt Perreault for free using the pass of my Sony / Loews review.
[Theatrical note: * * 1/2: OK SEATS, SOUND AND PATURE]
Modern society is now flooded with more sex and sexuality than it has ever been previously, from adolescent sitcoms to films classified at NC-17 on fetishes.
The biggest debate on the subject is whether or not it affects reality or simply reflects it.
 "Your friends and neighbors" adopt a different approach because it is a film that turns almost entirely around sex and how can be used both for pain and pleasure even in a small circle of friends.
One of the most important aspects of the film that most must be noted and analyzed before the film can really be dissected as a whole is the basic configuration of the writer / director Neil Labute and some of the unique methods he usesTo tell the story.
First, and above all is the fact that the script tells a fairly complex and detailed story of lust, betrayal, arrogance, hypocrisy, greed and simple stupidity between six different characters (three men, three women), without almost any support characters, (a few have a line or two), mainly extras.
All that they will do in a way another character and will end up identifying himself, whether positive or negative.
But to simply say, it's arbitrary, and explaining and criticizing the process is difficult.
Labute's ability to tell his story through a few characters is a remarkable feat, but what is specifically impressive, is the fact that the names of the characters are never revealed before the end credits.
For the good of this criticism, I will describe the characters and I will designate them as their main characteristic.
Another interesting achievement is the fact that each scene takes place inside with a limited concentration.
We are always able to say where the characters are (someone's house, the gym, a restaurant, a hotel room, etc.), but in which he lives the city, what year c 'is, what is relatively unknown society like.
The film is a complete study of the characters with the tight and intense drama of the theater.
No intrigue dominates history, which makes the first act a little tedious for its lack of substance.
We simply went on the life of the characters and we expect the rest to understand the rest.
The characters are a group of middle class whites who all succeed in what they do, but they are currently careful about their sex life.
First there is Barry (Eckhart) and Mary (Brenneman), a married couple who crosses a period of drought that does not look like many other couples in other situations that do not know what the problem is.
Barry is a kind of silly businessman who loves his wife and the sex they have, but does not have much ambition - he follows everyone.
Mary is a kind of writer, but lacks assault and emotion like her husband and is the character of sweetness, but ironically, does not hesitate to commit adultery just to feel something.
Labute's script does a good job to characterize Mary and Barry as an individual, but it is very light on chemistry and the connection between the two.
Obviously, this is the theme, which is improved by the good performances of the actors, but at the same time seems a little hollow.
Another couple is Jerry (Stiller) and Terre (Keener) who live together and seem to have been involved with each other for a long time, but they are constantly arguing.
Their sex life is also responsible for problems and for any reason, they continue to do it throughout their unfaithful relationship.
If only one aspect of the film could use improvement, it would be this area.
It is natural that a married couple is bored with each other, but why two people who could barely stand in each other would continue sex and live together?
What have they ever seen in the other person to start?
Labute never really answers, but as the film is more concerned with the gain than the process, it always makes a good drama, a tension and a manipulation so complex and misleading, it is fascinating.
Two other characters act as catalysts, Cary (Jason Patric) and Cheri (Natassja Kinski).
Cary is an arrogant and hostile sex that defines the word "bastard".
In one way or another, he is able to fold women to his will, either by charm or simply attitude, to be done.
This is the kind of guy that everyone should stay away because we realize that he is secretly perverted, but Barry finds comfort in his company, although Jerry is always nervous around him.
Patric gives an exceptional performance, so much so that we want to know more about him despite the way he is intimidating and unmanageable.
Cheri is a Labute character uses as a catalyst to see how the other characters react to her.
She works in an art museum and at a given moment in the film, each character will engage almost exactly the same conversation and her reaction is always different, to get involved in a relationship with one, to be downright dismayed by another.
She is a gentle woman, perhaps the most normal of all the characters, and although her symbolism is obvious, her role as a foreigner is the most relatable.
I will not reveal who deceives who and how each character is specifically affected by the action of others, because it is the hook of the film.
The first two acts are starting to set up everyone's characters and scenarios, but it is often difficult to say what they will do on this subject and with whom.
The result is sometimes surprising, other times predictable, but the actual course of actions is always fascinating.
For a while, everyone has fun, but ultimately, guilt, attitude or ignorance of each character will clear them.
One of the most important things to note is how realistic history is.
Since the characters only interact with each other, there are not many references to pop culture, because almost everything has a deeper philosophy behind.
Should we assume that these people are, like the title the title, our friends and our neighbors?
I do not know anyone who crosses the same situations as these people.
Often, the film is no different from a network melodrama, other situations of times are like those that are not seen outside a porn film.
But what this film has that others do not have the repercussions at the end.
Although the film creates its own reality, it shows that even the immorals are not immortal.
How "your friends and neighbors" are supposed to operate is open to interpretation.
He certainly has a lot to say about the price that comes with infidelity, but it could have been even better if it had been extended on this theme more specifically.
However, it is an accomplishment in the making of films because he put a timeless theme from a modern perspective.