When I initially decided to review this film, my slogan was going to be "you too can believe that the whales can fly".
Then it was going to be "you too can believe that pastel triangles can fly".
Then it was going to be "you too, you can believe that the wooden sprites can fly".
Finally, I just gave up trying to find a slogan and I decided to say it ...
There is a lot of theft in this film!
As our first Steve Martin host tells us, the original concept behind Fantasia was to bring it out each year with old preserved segments and new segments added.
Apparently, this plan fell on the edge of the road for a while, because about sixty years have passed since the release of the classic original.
Part of this could have something to do with the cold reception that the film obtained when it was released in 1940 (approaching somewhere nearly $ 110,000 in its original outing month).
The subsequent re -editions of the film increased the popularity of the film with the classic status which he finally reached (and rightly deserved).
To celebrate the release of an update version of Fantasia, Disney and Imax joined forces to present the animated film in a way that no one had seen before: six High Stories.
In an exclusive four-month commitment (from January 1 to April 30, 2000), Fantasia 2000 can be seen in many IMAX theaters across the United States.
Once the commitment is finished, the film will be broadcast in regular theaters.
Is the format effective for the film?
With a few exceptions, yes.
The first segment presented to us is ready for the fifth symphony of Beethoven.
It is difficult to describe exactly what this segment is, but it implies a pile of triangles with the appearance of bright colors who fly with happiness.
Everything seems to be going very well for these little things until the ground bursts with swarms of evil and black triangles resembling bats that attack and engulf their lighter counterparts.
Finally, wells of light from above help to chase away the evil things and the peace that comes back to the things of the butterflies.
Although this segment is not very focused on history, some of the images are very visually strong, in particular the scene in which the dark cloud of the things of bats (which are all described in blood red colors) begin togo beyond the sky.
The following segment is defined on "The Pines of Rome" by Ottorino Respighi.
In this segment, some humpback whales joyfully swim across the ocean and ultimately emerge from water and fly around the massive icebergs that point to the ocean landscape.
A whale calf enters a fight with nearby birds during the flight and ends up being trapped in a giant iceberg in which he starts while trying to avoid the attack of birds.
He is finally saved (by another rod of liberating light) and he and his brothers put himself in the sky and fly in the upper atmosphere where they flake in the "oceans" of the clouds.
Again, the visuals are the key to this segment, especially when the whales are involved.
The whales would have been considered, as seen on an IMAX screen in certain sequences, are represented as a real size.
The CGI whales seem incredibly realistic, with the exception of certain cartoon eyes Googly drawn on the images.
A particularly striking image implies the giant shadow of one of the whales thrown through the wall of an iceberg while the whale calf is trying to find a way to go out for its parent.
Absolutely beautiful things.
The third segment (and the least eight segments) takes place on "Rhapsody in Blue" by George Gershwin.
This segment is designed as a tribute to the acclaimed caricaturist Al Hirschfeld, and interlaces four different stories about sad souls living in the era of New York depression.
There is a construction worker who dreams of being a jazz drummer, a sad bag out of work who dreams of having a job, a young girl who dreams of spending time with her parents instead of being jostled byA schoolmaster and a Neblassqui dreams of being free from his dominator WA Fe.
I will not enter into the way everything works, but in a beautiful Disney tradition, there is a happy ending.
Unfortunately, the story drags a little and seems out of regard to the hyper reality of the rest of the segments.
The four segment takes place on "Piano Concerto No. 2" by Dmitri and is an animated version of "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" by Hans Christian Andersen.
A soldier of the toy tin to a leg falls in love with a liquidation clock ballerina (which he supposes is also one leg because he cannot see his other leg extending behind her), toThe great dismay of a bad jack-in-box box.
The buffoon brings the soldier out through a window and continues to continue the ballerina.
The buffoon does not know, the soldier was deposited in the sewer and only traveled through the pipelines to be swallowed by a fish which was captured and sold to the owner of all the soldiers of the tin tinone of the legs of which comes.
The soldier ends up saving the day and obtained the girl.
Although the end was changed in Andersen's story, "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" is decently told as part of a seven -minute short film.
Some children can find the busty a little frightening, but otherwise the segment is well done.
The five segment is the funniest in the group.
Located on Camille Saint-Saens "Le Carnaval des Animaux", this segment presents a Flamanto torturing his Flamant colleagues with a Yo-Yo while they are trying to perform a choreographed dance number.
Although it is the shortest clip in the group and a return to the alligators and the hippopotamia dancing in the first fantasia, it is always well accomplished and a piece of welcome comedy.
The segment six is the only segment to be repeated from the original fantasia of 1940, and it is the one whose people remember the most, "the sorcerer's apprentice".
The story is the most recognizable, so the draw here is to see it on the huge imax screen in remastered stereo.
Unfortunately, the segment was not made to be presented on a large format film (since it was shot in full swing) and has large quantities of cereals.
There were at least two times where the images were very difficult to distinguish due to the excessive grain.
Similar problems arise on modern versions when projected on screens that are too large for the image to be displayed with precision (but no one seems to notice for a strange reason), an anomaly common to many screen theaters18 years old.
The seven segment is fixed at the "pump and circumstance of Sir Edward Elgar n ° 1" and is the only other fantasia segment to present a Disney character.
Donald Duck "stars" as an assistant of Noah, whose task loads all animals on the ark.
During the loading, Donald and his wife are lost in sight and both believe that the other was not done on the boat.
They are constantly missing due to comic misadventures involving Donald crushed by animals in various ways.
Despite the style of Slapstick comedy in this play, he displays more emotion in his final scene than many tears' guards imposed on the public these days.
Powerful things.
The eight segment brings a whole new meaning to the cliché? "Save the best for the end".
Located on "The Firebird" by Igor Stravinsky, a Wapiti awakens a forest sprite which continues to change the winter landscape to a magnificent spring landscape.
The trees flourish and the flowers flourish and everything seems to be fine until the sprite becomes curious to know a large mountain housing a strange formation.
When the Sprite examines the training, it wakes up and becomes the holder shot.
In a breathtaking spectacle, the Firebird withdrew and unleashes itself and destroys itself which destroys everything on its way, including all that the sprite has worked to create.
An incredible animation is present here, and is well worth the ten dollars per ticket (although the brush strokes are obvious n a scene due to the widening of the film).
The host segments are largely (without puns), although Steve Martin's clip is quite funny.
Make sure you stay through the credits for a little more humor from Martin.
Penn and Teller are generally funny, but here, their gags seem routine and therefore without interest.
The best segment comes from everyone, from Bette Midler, who can tell us about some of the abandoned segments that have never managed to struggle with the drawing board.
Pieces like Flight of the Bumblebee, a grip on the four riders take place on "Ride of the Valkyries" by Wagner, and a strange segment prepared in the 1940s by Salvador Dali which has never been shown are all presented here andteasing so that they can appear future danceodes.
For fans of visual stimulation or classical music, Fantasia 2000 is an ideal way to spend the afternoon.
The film is also a decent family entertainment and contains little or no reprehensible material.
As I mentioned earlier in the journal, if ten dollars seems too much to spend on this film, do not fear because after its race in the theaters Imax, it will be featured in regular theaters.
I must emphasize that the best way to see this film is on an IMAX screen.
Then you can also believe that whales / triangle / sprites can fly.
[g]