A common complaint among film critics is "why are there no more literate scripts?"
Quiz Show gives signs of hope that the art of writing has not died in Hollywood and that we not only need independent films for thoughtful content.
Paul Attanasio's script takes what could have been a lukewarm thriller (the scandals of the quiz show of the late 1950s) and delivers a revealing parable on the emptiness of the American Dream post-war period and the golden bubble that surrounds andProtects television networks and their sponsors.
The film is riddled with revealing symbols (for example.
A Chrysler '58, a radio announcement from Spoutnik) but is never heavy.
Skilled direction of Robert Redford and passionate performances of Ralph Fiennes, John Turturro and Rob Morrow compete perfectly with the carefully refined script.
Redford deviates from "cable television quality" sets usually and the camera so common in the last parts of the 20th century period.
Quiz show perfectly captures the colors and textures of the eisenhower years.
Although I was only 4 years old when the "twenty-one" scandal broke, enough icons from the 1950s survived throughout my childhood so that I recognize the authenticity of the almost tangible palette of Redford.
From plastic covered furniture to carefully styled candidates, images sound true from this period of crawling consumerism, of a generation that had crossed 15 years of depression and world war without "disposable income", before the demonstration of his American dream.
The film skillfully weaves several themes together, from the assimilation and exclusion of the Jews of "The Good Life", to the lengths that the scion of a literary family will go to correspond to the reputation of his father.
Although the 1950s public who is "shaken" by this scandal may initially seem naive to us, they should seem too familiar, with our current national passion for the rise and the fall of icons like Michael Jackson or Tonya Harding.
Charles Van Doren and Herbie Stemple were the mega celebrities of their day.
The television public is almost a fourth main character, still at the center of the decisions taken on their behalf.
At the end of the film, the credits exceed the slowdown images of this same television audience of the 1950s, laughing without thinking of certain stuffed animals.
Like the distorted mirror which captured a blurred swine cross at the end of the cabaret, this "mirror" can reflect an image with which we are not so comfortable.