Jay and Silent Bob Stike Back can legitimately be subtitled "The greatest successes of Kevin Smith" for the film includes many references and characters from previous works by Smith, including clerks, commercial rats.
Chasing Amy and Dogme.
So be advised: dare on this film quartet to achieve the maximum pleasure of Smith's last outing.
Kevin Smith must be a very friendly person because several good sports have taken a ton of jokes in this functionality, notably Miramax, the studio whose subsidiary, Films dimension, is the distributor of Jay and Silent Bob.
Others deserving the distinctions include Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, directors Gus Van Zant and Wes Craven and the powerful George Lucas.
This is a laughing and coarse road film with Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Smith) reaching Hollywood to sabotage the production of Bluntman and chronic comics by Miramax based on Two Jersey slackers.
Jay's convoluted reasoning is that if the film is closed, people on the internet will stop insulting it as well as Bob, even if it is not him and Bob people dissipate, but rather their comic strips.
Regardless, the duo begins their long team walks across the country.
But first, they obtain advice from a veteran hitchhiker, played by George Carlin, who tells them to follow "the book" - the rules of the road.
Of course, Jay's interpretation immediately had the duo in difficulty with a friendly nun (Carrie Fisher) who offers them a ride.
Jay and Silent Bob contains enough laughs for the weakest aspects of the film - which include a gear -deposited intrigue on a gang of diamond thieves as well as a federal Buffonish ranger played by Will Ferrell - can be easily tolerated.
Really, how can you not laugh at a film in which our heroes are picked up by the mystery van, and Jay has a hallucination induced by the pot concerning Velma and Daphne.
The highlight of the film, however, is close to the final.
In Hollywood, Jay and Silent Bob sneak on the Miramax lot where they crush the whole and are confused with the extras of the last photo of Damon Affleck, Good Will Hunting 2: Hunting Season.
Here, we are aware of a hilarious conversation between Affleck and Damon in which the two were deposited by the career and the choices of films.
And laughter continues to grow.
Then, Jason (American Pie) Biggs and James (Dawson's Creek) van der Beek, the actors chose to represent Bluntman and Chronic.
The Jay and Silent Bob error for their double double.
Finally, a tribute to Star Wars comes to featuring one of the stars of this legendary functionality.
This bit will let you scream.
Smith's obvious affection for the icons of pop culture is obvious in the way he turns these scenes and manages his artists.
It allows them to play any ironic.
Their pleasure goes through the screen to the public.
It's a shame that it is Jay's and Silent Bob's swan song.
The characters have grown up since their beginnings in support in the clerks.
But Smith realizes that times have changed, and he does not want his creations to be exceeded their welcome.
Smith therefore just provided them with the right type of outing, saving the best for the end.
Goodbye Jay and Silent Bob.
At least you go out with an explosion.