He spent his whole life in a horrible little apartment, high and taken care of and imprisoned by his domineering mother.
She inspires her love and fear, and he instills a similar love and fear of Jesus.
He has a rudimentary understanding of language, currency of monosyllables and repetitions of his mother's sentences.
We learn that the world outside is fatally toxic; her mother puts on a gas mask each time she leaves the door.
He is 35 years old in the body, but a child in mind and mind.
He is the premise for Bad Boy Bubby, an original Australian film with challenge on a man called Bubby (Nicholas Hope) who spent his whole life in a horrible little apartment, etc., etc.) appears.
His father is a shabby priest who seems to have poorly placed his religion.
Unsurprisingly, he is not delighted with the way "his" boy turned out.
However, he is rather happy to renew her knowledge with the mother (Claire Benito), and, more precisely, her ample breasts.
Soon, they copy on the Dingy sofa, while Bubby accused, confused, in the neighboring room, perfectly aware that the mother who had devoted all her attention to him has a new interest.
Bubby's relationship with the world can be distorted, but it is at least stable.
The father's arrival disrupts his precarious balance, provoking an Oedipal conflict that ends - Freud would be happy - in violence and, consequently, freedom.
Bubby intuits from the arrival of his father that the air outside is breathing: he leaves the apartment, his past, his world, behind.
So far, so good .
The first thirty minutes of Bad Boy Bubby, who bring us to this point, are quite brilliant.
The film is at its best when it remains in the constraints of the hermetic universe of Bubby.
He tirelessly follows the implications of his premise: Bubby is used by his mother for sex, he suffocates the cat of pet involuntarily with cellophane, he is terrified by the idea that Jesus will be insane if he sinks.
He is sinister and wild and appalling, but also strangely tender - to see, after having imagined a life as bizarre as that of Bubby, does not exaggerate for comic book or grotesqe, but he simply sympathizes.
He observes what it could be.
The intensity of these opening scenes, with their minimalist staging, immerses us in a claustrophobic environment which seems to be a stratum in decomposition of our own world, and owes a lot to Eraserhead of David Lynch, in particular white industrial noiseDela soundtrack.
For thirty minutes, the film maintains the sensation and the mood of a reality which does not seem very far from ours.
Then from Heer leaves Bubby, puts him in touch with our world and the film never recovers completely.
Our improbable hero is found in Port Adélaïde, where he wanders in the streets and meets people, where he suffers and learns and survives.
He is seduced by a young woman from a group of the Salvation Army (how half an antisocial half without any sense of hygiene manages to be installed only a few hours after his escape is not the kind of questionLet the film encourage, wisely); we give him a free pizza by a sympathetic waitress; he insults a traffic cop and is struck in the stomach; it shares a few beers at the back of a truck with a group ofRock; he is imprisoned and violated; he becomes a translator for people with mental disabilities whose discourse is altered beyond understanding; he is loved by a maternal nurse (Carmel Johnson).
 .
 .
It continues, inventive, silly, tasteless, endearing, and sometimes all these things at the same time.
De Heer never seems to be sure of how Bubby should interface with the real world: tone changes, uncomfortable, from fable to satire realism and again.
The scenes trying to touch the base with a credible version of reality are the weakest; the film is the best und As a kind of parable, and, in fact, the religious implications of Bubby's experiences are in the foreground. On the need for disbelief, the woman who bought him is called Angel.
The stress of varieties of our world do not break the spirit of Bubby, does not fragment it in psychosis; on the contrary, the world welcomes and heals it.
Although the touch of HEER is sometimes dominant, Bubby's salvation touches itself; what seems at the beginning a hard lesson in the harmful effects of the social construction of reality becomes a humanist humanist hopeunlikely.
An unfortunate rock group writes a song on Bubby and sings it for him and give him the gift of the community.
He makes the favor when he goes up on stage one night and becomes their singer, transforming the fragmented impressions of his experiences into the art of performance and transforming the group into a popular draw.
Innocence triumphs.
Bubby becomes an idiot, an silly scientist, and adorns us with wisdom.
It is a strange turn of events, but now we should not be surprised, because the bad boy Bubby is not like other films.