In `` Enemy at the Gates '', Jude Law is a gifted Russian sniper made by a hero by a political officer named Danilov (Joseph Fiennes) who uses it in a propaganda newspaper to raise the hopes of soldiers andof the people of Stalingrad.
It is the Second World War, and the Russian-German impasse in town could determine the outcome of things for the fatherland.
The Law Vassili is the high pawn of Russian to victory.
Many war things happen.
An older and German version of the Jude character played by Ed Harris presents himself halfway through the procedure.
He is just as talented and the two men play a cat and mouse game trying to kill themselves.
They are constantly changing roles, because war fades far in the background.
The cast also includes the formidable Rachel Weisz as a romantic interest in Vassili and Danilov
The configuration is decent, as is the production values.
Benefiting from a wide range of filthy places, fatty hair and tatters in tatters, the artistic direction prosperous.
The actors suffer from the problem, however, from the problem that Matt Damon had in "saving the private Ryan".
Either their eyes, their teeth, their skin, or a combination of other characteristics seemed too white and clean.
With the dirt and the blood all around, the blinding teeth or the bright eyes of these actors divert the attention of the action.
That said, the players are especially good in their roles, even if I don't think Ed Harris really tried.
Perhaps he realized that his role has affected a difficult agreement in one note.
Although the film technically carries elite shooters, there are too many predictable shooting scenes.
Director Jean-Jacques Annaud expects that we consider each stretched situation with Jude and a certain cohort in a tight place as upset and exciting, but after the sixth time, in which we realize that Jude will not die, C 'is relatively useless.
We understand that he is talented, okay, let's move on.
This is the problem with "the enemy on the doors"; he just doesn't know when to stop.
Attend the wasted seventeen minutes that could have passed elsewhere.
Restoring his title as a man's most beautiful (and often talented) man on the film, Jude Law bears the film.
Without him, this expensive production would have entered the ground.
The story and the game are of good quality, but there is never a feeling of authenticity or reality.
Something about this war film is undeniably modern, and he loses his feeling.
Quite strange, the scenario is based on the true story of a real Russian elite shooter.