A miracle of cinema, "Some Like It Hot" is a brilliant film, and perhaps the first example of Slapstick comedy put on the screen with smart gags and twists and turns.
It is the ultimate in the career of the writer-director Billy Wilder, an astonishing feat considering the vast catalog of films he had helped to make.
Jerry (Lemmon) and Joe (Curtis) are two stage musicians who go from a concert to a concert, trying to earn enough money to eat.
One night, while playing in a prohibited speakeasy ban, the place is searched.
It turns out that the owner, Spats Columbo (George Raft), was traced by the Charlie tooth cure (George E. Stone).
Several weeks later, the day of Valentine's Day, Jerry and Joe go to a garage to pick up a car and finish with a Gangland murder of Charlie by Columbo in a parking lot.
Eager to escape, the duo is forced to take a job in Florida with all the expenses paid.
The only problem ... is a group of girls.
Then Joséphine (Curtis) and Daphne (Lemmon), head for the train and go to Florida.
On the way, they meet Sugar Kane (Monroe), a singer of bombs who seeks love.
Jerry and Joe immediately fall in love with the singer, but there are two problems: 1) They are trailled, and 2) Millionaire Osgood Fielding (Joe E. Brown) falls madly in love with Daphne.
The following in pure hysteria, still complicated more by the arrival of Columbo spots in Florida for the "Italian Opera Lovers Festival".
Tony Curtis is hysterical like Joe / Joséphine, in particular in her absurd attempts to court sugar.
Marilyn Monroe, in a wonderfully comical performance, is sugar, offering incredible timing and sex appeal, as well as real sincerity.
The scenes, however, are all stolen by Brown or Lemmon.
Lemmon is hysterical as Daphne.
Lying like Lemmon's performance is ridiculously crazy, it is a disorder in style that Billy Wilder's.
Brown is particularly hilarious like Osgood, because we have treated the best type of comic irony.
He manages to use Lemmon's ingenious performance as a springboard for even more loose performance as a completely eccentric millionaire.
Each move is impeccable, because Wilder changes adjustment permanently and uses each comic tip of the book to take their photo.
Wilder's script is magnificent, because it carefully combines gangsters, crossing, romance, sex, music, gender roles and social taboos in a mixture of spirit and bizarre madness.
Wilder manages to create total hysteria scenes, therefore perfectly perfected that the public dies with laughing with the last comic strip, the last line of this absolutely incredible film.
Wilder died when he says that no one is perfect: Billy Wilder is, especially when he does something disastrously funny.
No one is perfect but Billy Wilder.