Capsule: This is a film that avoids easy answers.
Wilhelm Furtwangler, then the greatest conductor in the world remained in Germany and cooperated with the Nazis.
What was his point of view, was he a war criminal or a secret resistance fighter?
How much did he know about crimes against humanity?
The American government investigated him after the war and this film is a dramatization of this investigation.
 , high +2 (-4 to +4)
In my opinion, one of the best films of the past few years is the sun of Istvan Szabo, a film which covers the fortune of a Jewish Hungarian family under the reigns of three different regimes, Hungarian aristocrats, Nazis and Communists.
The Szabo follow -up film, a German production, is much more limited.
This is the post-war investigation that the Nazis and who opposed it criminally argued.
Ronald Harwood's script ambiguously examines the investigation into a great conductor of classical music who stayed in Germany when the Nazis took power and became the most popular conductor of the Third Reich.
Majsteve Arnold (played by Harvey Keitel) was attributed by his superiors to investigate Wilhelm Furtwangler (Stellan Skarsgard), perhaps the greatest classical music leader in Europe.
When other artists fled Germany, Furtwangler remained behind and led for the Hitler and his henchmen.
After the war, Arnold was assigned to interview Furtwangler and members of his orchestra and, if necessary, to prosecute him for war crimes.
He is secretly informed by his commander to find Furtwangler culpable.
From there, we follow him and learn a little about Arnold and something on Furtwangler and his orchestra.
While interviewing members of the war orchestra, Arnold begins to notice strange particularities which may or may not indicate a conspiracy against his investigation.
There is a certain similarity to the answers he obtains.
Perhaps any cooperation he obtains has been managed in some respects.
If this is the case, he may never be able to come to the truth.
In large part, the film concerns the mind games that Arnold uses to manipulate his interviewees and especially Furtwangler.
Where the script has problems is in the end, it is so ambiguous.
He has no obvious resolution and not many final acts.
When it comes to knowing if something has been established is open to interpretation.
It is perhaps better than so many films that make everything avoid what the public should believe, but it is like watching a mystery of murder and never discover who is the killer.
We were given clues to something but they are never linked.
In the end, we just know more about Arnold and Furtwangler.
The film is essentially a play.
The visual is not very important.
The corners are cut visually, including keys such as filling the windows with photographs to avoid having to shoot on the spot.
As with a play, which focuses on dialogue, and it is intriguing.
I note the film A 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a +2 high on the scale of -4 to +4.
[There is a piece of negligence, but I would notice it.
At some point, we clearly see the calendar of the Arnold Di office "January 16 Tuesday."
A rapid mental calculation told me that a combination could occur in 1945, then not again before 1951.
The events had to take place in 1946 or 1947.
A possible date could be obtained from any world almanac.]]