The dream team is a very entertaining comedy featuring four adorable characters who are just a little crazy.
Billy, played by Michael Keaton, is an extremely capricious mental neighborhood patient whose short fuses and violent anger attacks tend to cause him trouble.
Christopher Lloyd represents Henry, an obsessive compulsive which requires that everything be neat, ordered, on time and by books.
He thinks he is a doctor, so he walks by wearing a suit and wearing a clipboard on which he constantly scribbles and submitted reports.
Jack, played by Peter Boyle, thinks he is Jesus.
And finally, there is Stephen Furst like Albert, a potel catatonic that speaks only in baseball and television sentences.
Dream's team follows the misadventures that assail the four when their psychiatrist, Dr.weitzman, withdraws them from the hospital for an excursion to the Yankee stadium.
During a stand at the stand, they separate from Weitzman and have to fend for themselves in Manhattan.
The charm of the film follows mainly from camaraderie and chemistry between its delicious distribution.
The four tracks of the film are played quite effectively; they never miss an opportunity to argue, bicker or insult.
Henry and Jack, for example, are fighting for those who go on the headquarters of the front passenger on the way to the game.
The actors of the dream team have a lot of fun with their characters and with each other.
Michael Keaton is well interpreted as Billy; he gives his cynical character considerable complexity.
As divinely Jack, Peter Boyle succeeds in keeping his unidimensional character funny and fresh.
Although the catatonic character of Stephen Furst is cliché, the actor makes him sympathetic and endearing.
Although Keaton, Boyle and Furst are good, it is Christopher Lloyd who really makes the film special.
Lloyd gives another exceptional comic performance.
His body language (for example, the way he works) and his facial expressions are perfectly suited to his compulsive character.
Lloyd's brilliant performance gives a pathetic, moving and memorable character.
The Dream team is a solid comedy with more depth and drama than you think of its simple premise.
The characters are so attractive that you can excuse the film for its often bizarre and incredible intrigue.