The verdict: the frightening drama of the spine of the horror maestro Stephen King, with an exceptional and oscored performance of Kathy Bates.
Geez, French and Saunders had a day in the field when they started working on parody!
Sorry, non -British readers may not be familiar with French and the outdates - my apologies.
The two are British actors (Jennifer Saunders later became Edina Monsoon in "Absolutely Fabulous"), who made a series of film parody a few years ago, including Alien, The Exorcist and Misery.
Needless to say, in the midst of his chipping imitation of Kathy Bates (the resemblance was quite strange!), Dawn French became quite mean to his hammer when it is within reach of the legs of Jennifer SANDER!
But despite the persistent memory of their sketch, and even if I saw the film a few times now, this "convent" scene was no less disturbing!
I’ve always started screaming on TV in repulsion!
It may be the most memorable scene, but it is certainly not the only one to look at.
Stephen King, whose cinematographic and television adaptations tend to vary in quality, strikes gold with this simple but surprisingly convincing story.
It is a well -conceived psychological horror, which effortlessly succeeds in attracting you to the fate of the writer Phil Sheldon (James Caan).
Saved by a car accident by Annie Wilkes (Bates), who presents himself as the "number one" from the writer, he soon became his prisoner.
Kathy Bates' script and magnificently masterfully masterful performance (for which she won an Oscar) of work in the arm while we are quickly starting to realize that beyond her sparkling exterior, the woman is fundamentally as hazelnut as'A fruit cake (or is it that is that a nut cake?).
Bates savor its demanding role, and its performance is nothing less than a masterpiece.
Sometimes she seems to be an innocent victim of her own obsessive behavior, she is sometimes a rather tragic character, and most often, she is scary!
It is essentially a very simple story, but it reaches a great degree of eloquence in its simplicity.
It is an experience involved and captivating - and since it is essentially a two -gerdes, mainly located in a place, it is a remarkable piece of cinema.
There are no jazzy special effects or active action sequences - it is based solely on the elegant staging of Rob Reiner and the marvelous performances of Bates and Caan.
Oh, I haven't really mentioned Caan yet - he does a good job as a writer who is a prisoner of his own success (Annie is obsessed with him and his books).
But, as you have undoubtedly gathered the above - Bates is indeed the star of the show.
With the pig, of course!
Anyway, the tension is made up with a masterful plumb, and some scenes are almost tense.
There is the dinner scene where Seldon goes to overwhelming lengths to poison his wine.
He succeeds, but ... she
Throw the glass!
I bet you also launched a pillow on the screen!
In the immortal words of Homer J. Simpson - "Oh !!"
Other scary scenes include the bit where Annie went to town and Sheldon begins to spy on the house.
We cut to Annie in her car - she is on the way back ... he
realizes and tries to return to his room ... Cut
To the car again, she approaches ... will he do it?
OK, so these sequences are not exactly original, or perhaps unpredictable - but they work!
Boy, they work!
If a film has you on the edge of your sofa, biting your nails and shouting on the screen in suspense, then that does something good!
Of course, the most nauseating sequence is the aforementioned "hobbling"!
Annie realizes that her captive came out of her room, and she will stop him once and for all.
Picked a block of wood strategically placed between his ankles and a huge hammer, and ... I feel bad just when I think about it!
wicked .
Everything is built Nicel There is the final scene where Sheldon finally gets the upper hand, and once for everyone tries to kill the crazy psycho!
And then we are given one of the most ridiculously exaggerated combat scenes that I have ever seen.
She is struck above her head with a typewriter, set fire, her head broken against the wall - and she will not die!
Sheldon is not in good shape either.
If it was not so Gorey, it would be almost laughable.
But it is a terribly effective film, and therefore the highest point Daft is easily neglected.
Misery is a tight, tense, intense and scary thriller.
The staging is first -rate, and the performances - Bates in particular - help to make it a little nightmare gem.
Wonderful things.
 ? - * - * - - * - * - * - * - * - For more regularly updated movies and television, consult my site!
http: // www.géocités.com / Hollywood / Bungalow / 4960
- * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * -