Wild Things is a thriller full of suspense with Matt Dillon, Denise Richards and Neve Campbell who deals with all the problems; sex, love, murder and betrayal.
The film decor is a city called Blue Bay.
It consists of many swamps and slums and, on the other hand, rich areas belonging to the various benefactors of the city.
The film opens just before the start of a senior seminar at Lycée Ritzy et Cher in the city.
This is where we meet all the main characters.
There is the orientation advisor Sam Lombardo, the police Ray Duquette and Gloria Perez, the mysterious mysterious Suzie Toller and the Popular Pom-Girl Kelly Van Ryan.
We first see that all senior girls are struck by the beautiful orientation advisor, but nothing more than Kelly.
Throughout the first part of the film, we see how far Kelly will go to get Sam until she accuses him of rape.
Shortly after, Suzie also admits that Sam also raped her.
This pushes the mother who wants Kelly, Sandra, to stop nothing until Sam is condemned.
During the trial, Kelly gives a tearful confession of the way Sam raped her.
However, Suzie later revealed that Sam never violated any of the girls, everything was an avenging plan against the guidance counselor.
After Sam is authorized, Kelly's mother pays Sam a very substantial sum of money so that he does not pursue her.
It is then revealed that Sam, Kelly and Suzie were all inside together.
It is here that the film begins to reveal which is honest with each other and which has its own hidden agenda.
Matt Dillon plays the role of Sam Lombardo.
Sam is the kind of guy in which each woman would like to sink their claws, and Sam obviously knows and uses it to her own advantage.
He is not the best of obvious actors, but Dillon gives a convincing performance.
However, his talents seem to be rendered unnecessary towards the end of the film, which gives the impression that his character has lost all his ethics and principles, although he never had much to start in the first place.
Neve Campbell, that most people relate to Scream and Scream 2, play Blue Bay Outcast Suzie Toller.
Suzie obviously has serious problems to solve the obvious things of her first scene in the film.
Campbell is very successful with this character, adding the slightest charm to an apparently repugnant character and making her fun to watch.
Playing Kelly Van Ryan is Denise Richards.
Kelly is your typical, rich, sexy and chef's chef who thinks she can have any man she has chosen, like her mother Sexpot Sandra.
One of the most interesting things of this film is the way she compares and contrasts the relationship between Kelly and her mother.
Denise Richards, still hot from the Starship Troopers press, gives the most interesting performance of the whole film.
At first, Kelly seems to be a thin paper character, but Richards adds a little more spices and ultimately makes the character not only sexy, but also dominant.
Kevin Bacon gives one of his good performances as Ray Duquette.
This character seems to be one of the most boring and predictable in the film.
However, it is a revealed relationship between him and Suzie who adds depth to his history.
However, the film does not seem to gain much from Bacon's performance, only its name.
In the support cast, Theresa Russell plays the very surprising Sandra Van Ryan, Daphne Rubin-Vega gives an unattractive performance as a cop Gloria Perez, and Bill Murray shines as a Sam's lawyer, Ken Bowden.
Murray hat to add the perfect touch of comedy to the film.
Although Wild Things has been displayed by the press as an erotic thriller, eroticism, which is represented with good taste, is maintained at least and focuses more on the intrigue and the relationships between the characters.
It is really a very good film that is worth seeing if you are looking for a film with H a thick plot filled with its part of twists and turns.