When I heard of Scream for the first time in 1996, I was told that it was a parody of horror films.
From the master of horror himself, Wes Craven, it ridiculed the clichés of the genre by overestimating them, making adolescents to do what they know that they are not supposed to do when a serial killerHunt (do not run the stairs when you can easily leave the front door, never say "I will be back", etc.).
When I heard this description for the first time, I thought it was an easy way to get out of a bad film.
Is it difficult to make an extremely terrible film, but claims that it is in fact a mockery of other bad films.
Did this Wes Craven remedy made "real" bad movies such as vampires in Brooklyn?
It just seemed to me to be cheap.
Then, I saw the film and the first twenty minutes, involving Drew Barrymore and a telephone and nail telephone conversation, completely changed my attitude.
Scream is not only an intelligent parody of your standard horror film, it is also a fairly scary film.
If you have seen a million of these types of films, you know exactly what will happen.
It's part of the pleasure of watching Scream.
The film reminds passionate horror fans how similar and repetitive and also reminds them of how much it can be guilty of looking at unnecessary and predictable violence for innocent and attractive adolescents.
For those who rarely see these types of films, Scream is an exciting unpredictable conduct that could be wrong as a serious film.
However, there is nothing wrong with this bad judgment.
I saw viewers on both sides of the public, beginners with horror and fanatics.
Their opinions on the film were so different but both very positive.
According to these various criticisms, I am convinced that Scream not only revived the horror film for adolescents and normal adolescent romance films, but also the hilarious parodies of these categories and others.
Films that rinse and celebrate genres like Galaxy Quest and the great success would not have existed, in my opinion, if it was not for the exceptional success of Scream.
The GEM May May, Budget 1996 May, alongside Pulp Fiction, is the most influential film of the 1990s.
This influence can exist to the chagrin of certain moviegoers who despise films like the teaching of Mme.tingle or television programs such as Dawson's Creek, but for others like me, we congratulate the film that opened new doorsto excellent young actors, writers and directors.
Scream is also an extremely funny film thanks to his quick script by Kevin Williamson.
In the film are characters who say to other characters, as well as the public, the basic rules and the pictures of a horror film.
Mainly diatribes of Randy (Jamie Kennedy) and Stu (Matthew Lillard), we remember not only the obvious and hilarious rules, but also some of the most subtle stereotypes which, when I thought, are also true (the Virgin still always survives; have sex and you are dead).
Not only did we deal with these rules on a plate, but the rules are also referenced to a number of different films and actors.
The script looks like an obsessive essay by an university film geek that has nothing better to do, but to find each little error of each little film for its own satisfaction.
In this case, Williamson finds these errors for the satisfaction and fun of the public.
I hear that there is a new film that comes out entitled Scary Film which is a parody of Scream, which is a parody of frightening films.
I will certainly see the film, but I have the feeling that this parody will be more obviously ridicuing the genre rather than the perfect subtlety of Scream.
However, my last intestinal feeling about this thing, Scream, was dead ...
So who knows.