You have to think twice before going to see a film with a title as a maximum risk.
The title is generic.
It is meaningless.
And I cannot believe that it is a good deal.
When you drop the phone and compose the 777-Film, how in the world are you supposed to remind you that the new Van Damme film by Jean-Claude, the one that looked a little cool in the trailers and isMade by Chinese hot shot, is called, disparaging, maximum risk?
yuck.
The film itself deserves your attention.
For gentle bloody chills, it is beating the successful summer competition from top to bottom.
The only mission: Impossible approached to provide such a clever thriller, and I will give a maximum risk of the advantage simply because it is not as smooth as the image of Tom Cruise, and therefore more rewarding in its execution.
To my surprise, Van Damme continues to develop as a pleasant and unpretentious action hero.
His assessment is not as solid as that of Schwarzenegger, but he is much more adventurous than Arnold.
In 1993, Van Damme worked with the first director of Hong Kong Hong Action, John Woo, on a fairly lame film entitled Hard Target.
 (If you can find a copy of Bootleg, the director of the director radically different from Woo is much better than what was finally published.)
This follow -up is produced by Ringo Lam (City on Fire, full contact), whose Hong Kong films are distinguished action images that have always played the second violin of Wooo's more operating offers.
The surprise here is that the maximum risk is a more efficient Hollywood action film be the hard target or the broken arrow of Woo.
Here is the count.
Van Damme plays a French cop named Alain Moreau who is shaken when a police friend (Jean-Hugues Anglade) finds a corpse which is the exact double of Alain.
It turns out that Alain was separated at the birth of his twin brother, Michael, who was killed by heavy Russian (and strangely American cops).
Alain does an investigation.
He notes that Michael had reserved a flight to New York and received a message from someone named Alex Bohemia.
Assuming the identity of Michael, Alain flies away for New York and crumbs with Michael's girlfriend (Natasha Henstridge), the FBI and the Russian crowd at Little Odessa.
This is as much as you should know.
The story is adequate, but not too involved - and the main points of the plot are essentially explained twice, just in case you go out for popcorn at the wrong time.
There is also a love story, but I did not find it terribly convincing, in part because the old Henstridge model is too in a hurry during its high level (it had a few precious lines as a queenextraterrestrial ice creams).
She is super to look at, and she can certainly read a line, but what she does here cannot really be described as "acting".
Of course, "playing" is not really for what it was hired (I lost track of the question of whether her shirt stands out more often than that of Van Damme).
The film is exceptionally violent, limiting gratuity.
 (Keep this in mind when you plan your date.)
The waterfalls are spectacular, and the fact that you can spot the replacement of Van Damme makes his work no less impressive.
There is only little that you can do with a car wreck, but this film makes a clear and effective use of the stacks in a handful of derbies of frantic destruction.
And Lam has an innovative and innovative innovative meaning exactly where the camera should go to catch any action piece.
The main difference between Lam and Woo, I believe, is that, even if Woo is based on a pure show to accelerate his action play pieces, Lam understood more on the use of cinematographic space and pointsof double cannon view to make things work.
Do not get me wrong-when Chow Yun-Fat flies into space by pumping balls from two pistols and chewing a toothpick with glass and confetti strewn around it in the hardCobain, it's an incredible moment.
But it's a moment that is difficult to ring Eproduce in Hollywood.
 (On the one hand, Hollywood does not yet have a chow yun-gras!)
While Woo's Hollywood films are like a talented manner, the maximum risk is a surprisingly confident image.
The very foreground of the film is an awkward aerial view of a prosecution in the streets of a European city, but the use by LAM of strange camera angles becomes more effective later.
The editing of the film is a particularly wise complement to the LAM shooting style, accentuating rather than amplifying the action.
The performances could have used a fine setting (in particular, there is a boring and crushed manhattan taxi driver in the first scenes that should have been attenuated or completely dropped), and the film does not always overcome the limits of its kind.
The story is a bit commonplace, although there are effective moments involving Van Damme's unrelated feelings towards the brother he did not know that he had.
But it is not often that Hollywood launches a really satisfactory action of action, and it is doubly surprising that it came with a simple whisper of advertising.
Van Damme fans should afford to what could be the best film of man, and international action enthusiasts will undoubtedly save this tasty Hong Kong / Hollywood hybrid.