We cannot observe a star trek film and expect to see a serious science fiction.
The goal of Star Trek is to provide flashy and innocent pleasure.
Sometimes the stories are convincing.
Sometimes this is not the case.
But, except for the first film in the series (which provides a little more than endless photos of amazed faces), I have never been bored by any of the many missions of the company.
Star Trek: The insurrection is no exception.
The film obtained negative criticism (one of my friends actually thinks that it is the worst in the series), but I don't really know why.
It is an exciting and often hilarious film that hired me and left me ready for the next star Trek film.
Some say that a long episode is a little too light and more light than a film.
Others say that the special effects are cheesy and that it is boring.
I just enjoyed the film.
Insurrection, which is the second film to strictly present the next generation distribution, presents a breed of people called the ba'ku; the ba'ku are very old (most of them are about three hundred years), butThey actually seem younger with age due to a strange influence in the rings of their planet.
Of course, these peaceful people cannot welcome this fountain of young people for themselves? Leave it to their enemies, Son'a, led by Ru'Afo (f.
Murray Abraham), to spoil everything.
The sound, horribly disfigured and count on a daily reconstructive surgery to be aesthetically acceptable, conclude an agreement with the Federation to move the Ba'ku elsewhere and exploit the secret to prevent their race from dying.
It was at this moment that Captain Picard (Patrick Stewart) intervenes: he realizes that the trip of the Ba'ku would kill them (it also helps that he falls in love with a woman Ba'ku (Donna Murphy)).
Thus, with its faithful crew, Picard defies the Federation to keep the Ba'ku in their natural habitat.
When you deal with a series with as many history as this, it is not quite necessary to reintroduce your characters with each episode.
This is why I believe that non-faans find it difficult to enter Star Trek; to take advantage of it, you have to understand how to approach it.
The insurrection, however, does a surprisingly good job of us new aspects of the characters.
Stewart is daring as always, a magnetic screen presence and perfectly capable of maintaining an entire film together.
Jonathan Frakes, who has also achieved, is funny as commander Riker; a secondary intrigue with data (Brent Spiner) discovering his lost childhood is quite interesting; and Abraham makes a perfect bad Star Trek, over-acting like crazy.
The flakes have shown an ability similar to management in the first contact; the insurrection is an exciting film, with really attractive special effects and a lot of good action.
It is apparently the first star trek movie to use computer animation, and the result is very pleasant to the eye: especially in the culminating scenes, in which the Son'a uses a giant space ship to suck the ringsFrom Ba'kuplanet, special effects have a clean and impressive appearance.
If I have a complaint about the film, it is because it tries to take a moral position when it is not very suitable to do it.
I don't think it's so serious that the federation wanted to move 600 Ba'ku to save the lives of thousands of people.
Even better, why could they not have coexist?
The insurrection seems a little lit to bring out these kinds of major moral questions about the public.
With its inherent camp factor, the Star Trek series does not seem well equipped to deal with problems like this.
I prefer to enjoy the show.