- Comedy, classified PG, takes place approximately 1: 40 - with John Goodman, Kathy Moriarty and a bunch of adolescents - directed by Joe Dante and written by Charles Hass -
Summary: Lawrence Woolsley (John Goodman) brings her new mantor horror film!
At the first in Key West at the height of the Cuban missile crisis.
He hopes to capitalize on the tense moment by providing an escape to the city.
We see most events through the stories of four adolescents and how life affects them.
Quick and easy revision: I really enjoyed the morning.
The mixture of comedy and tension mixed well.
Unlike many comedies, this film tries and succeeds, to go beyond the scene to do anything to laugh.
The manufacturers of the film were also concerned with telling an intelligent story.
The performances of all directors are just on the brand, especially John Goodman as Master Schlock.
I would therefore recommend this film to all those looking for a light way, but interesting to spend a few hours.
Longer and more detailed exam: [Beware of spoilers]
The main reason why I appreciated this film was that, while being a comedy, the film also had an intelligent story to tell.
Too many comedies subscribe today to the idea that a comedy only needs to make you laugh.
You watch the film, laugh a lot, leave the theater and take nothing with you.
The morning is not like that.
I left the photo thinking about what I would do with the Cuban missile crisis.
I found myself asking myself what would happen to the characters in the film.
But above all, I found myself taking care of what would happen to the characters.
The film's comedy is focused on Goodman, his character and the film he brings to Key West.
I believe that Goodman is one of the best comic players in the company today.
It is very expressive both physically and vocally.
I felt that he deserved at least an Oscar appointment for his work at Barton Fink.
The other characters are often lost in a scene with him because of his dominant nature, however, while the star, Goodman is in fact not at the center of the film.
The film is really the story of the four teenagers, discovering who they are and what they want, in a context where all this could end.
I thought that the children's reaction was very realistic.
They tried to block it, they tried to escape the concerns of their world.
Unfortunately, he continued to bring back, in particular with fear and chaos of the time.
While the comedy was centered on Goodman and the drama on adolescents, there was a lot of overlap.
Several aspects of panic are shown in a humorous light.
An example is a scene where people are fighting for the last cans and food boxes in a grocery store.
If you think about it, the threat of nuclear annihilation hardly seems to be the backdrop of a comedy, but it works here.
Another reason why I like this film is that I like B-Science-Fiction films.
One of my favorite movies to watch is plan 9 of space.
 (Note I didn't say it was one of my favorite films, but one of my favorites to see.)
While mant!
Never been made, many films like that were, and mant!
Mainly serves as a tribute from Dante to films B he loves.
Again, I would like to recommend the morning to anyone looking for a good humorous story.
It is not a gag film like many other comedies, but an intelligent and well thought out film about real people with real problems told in an often hilarious way.
appreciate !