Once upon a time there was a lonely ogre named shrek (Mike Myers) was really bored to discover that his marshes had been invaded by three blind mice, seven dwarfs and all the other fairy tales of the country, banished from their home by LordFARQUAAD (John Lithgow).
Linked to his intimately friendship by a speaking non-stop donkey (Eddie Murphy), Shrek goes to Dulloc to speak with Farquaad, where he stumbles in a game and goes up the winner.
His price?
To save Princess Fiona (Cameron Diaz) from a tower surrounded by melted flame and protected by a dragon so that she can become the bride of Farquaad.
The ogre accepts the task in return to recover its lonely lifestyle in "Shrek".
It took four writers (Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio ("The Road to El Dorado"), Roger s. H.
Schulman ("Balto") and Joe Stillman ("Beavis and Butthead do America")) to adapt the children's book by William Steig.
Bad news?
They generated an already simple plot when he was strongly under the influence of "The Princess Bride" by William Goldman.
the good news ?
There is so much eccentric humor drawn both fairy tales and popular culture that this film should keep you in the stitches.
We obtain our first idea in which we are for a real treat as one of the men of Farquaad, the intention of bringing together magic creatures offers five schillings for the possessed boy! "After having observed rendering of DreamWorks du Pinocchio animatedDisney.
Meanwhile in the castle walls, a gingerbread man is tortured
By Farquaad spits the frosting and shouts, eat me! '
Before falling out and solemnly asking: "Do you know the Muffin man? '
Shrek, a green giant with bobbly antenna -like ears, is a grumpy recluse that really aspires to integrate (although which could endure its habit of making candles from its own ear wax?).
Donkey is a hyperactive and endearing creature that can speak and, therefore, believes to make an excellent inappropriate pairing with the non -cooperative shrek.
Donkey proves her sweet value to talk about the princess dragon.
The princess turns out to be more than an offbeat shade after learning that she does not get the rescue of the problem of fairy tales that she expected.
When the real colors of Fiona are exposed (including opportunities for raw haughty boy humor), a spark is developing between her and Shrek.
The details of the script are happily imposed, constantly making fun of Disney in the world of the theme park of Farquaad's Dulloc with its entry of the outfit with Fiona "Snow White".
Popular culture is represented by film references to "Babe" and "Charlies' Angels" via "La Matrice".
Myers chooses his "So I married an ax murderer" Scottish Brogue for Shrek to give his voice a little.
Although it can prove to be distracting for anyone who knows this film, overall, it works more than otherwise.
Eddie Murphy steals the show as the fast and singing donkey of Motown, proving once again his talent as a vocal interpret (is it another wink to Disney that the donkey is twinned with a dragon,A creature Murphy described in `Mulan? ').
Lithgow is a good choice for the villain Lord-Farquaad and protruding height.
Diaz is energetic but ultimately indescribable expressing Princess Fiona.
 (A better choice would have been Minnie Driver, who has proven herself a great vocal talent in animations as diverse as "Tarzan" by Disney, "Princess Mononoke" and the film "South Park".)
Computer animation looks formidable (especially the donkey), although it will not arouse the types of oohs and aahs from Pixar's work ("Toy Story", "A bug's life", "ToyStory 2 ").
In accordance with his hip style, pop music is used, which, like the voice of Myer, can be initially shocking, but ultimately satisfied (while walking the bridal candidates via a parody of "game games" Now, the White's evil mirror, Farquaad, it is said that "Fiona likes Pina Coladas" - Cue Jimmy Buffet!).
 "Shrek" has good lessons for children and humor targeting all family age groups.
Although it can be derived from the "Princess Bride" of the 1987, "Shrek" is aimed at a new generation with similar sensitivities and does not suffer in comparison.