Weir is highly respected in Hollywood to transform scripts with a difficult subject into misleading and powerful films, the coast of mosquitoes (utopia) and fearless (post-traumatic stress disorder).
In Truman's show, Weir essentially inspires life in the now practical concept of media manipulation by attacking the equipment from the inside.
This certainly helps he has an underestimated artist at the top of the form by playing the main character, Truman Burbank.
Now you have to be aware of the premise: without him, Truman (Carrey) is the star of his own television series, a 24-7 show in which he is surrounded by actors and placed in situationscowardly scripted; people around the world connect for the voyeuristic thrill of his real reactions to fictitious stimulants.
"Seahaven", his hometown and the spectacle itself, are an original idea of Christof (Harris), which presides over its creation at the base of a false moon, making more than 500 cameras and hundreds of actors and'extras.
For 30 years, Truman does not suspect anything - we accept the reality given to us: "poses Christof but the desire to free himself from the sunny city and to visit a love lost for a long time in the Fiji" (MCELHONE, which was inmade an actress by Christof for trying to break the confidentiality agreement) overwhelms him.
Thus, Christof and his team suddenly find themselves working twice as difficult to keep the veneer of Seahaven intact, lest Truman will discover the world outside and end the highly rated program.
In a few large blows, Weir creates a second convincing reality, and it has the common sense not to put the Christof in the image up to almost three quarters.
This allows us to understand and accept Truman's world before contextualizing it.
Despite all its madness, the Christof has shown the world a place without violence and difficulty, and has shown that a human being can work well inside.
Truman is an inspiration for his audience because he grew up to be, well, so nice; like a brother (or, perhaps more appropriate, an animal in a cage in an interactive zoo), they want to see him succeed.
The surrealist soap opera is completely plausible thanks to a tight scenario and a sympathetic square, he is really a man here, abandoning his facial contortions in favor of a credible perplexity with wide eyes.
Cinematically, the Truman show is impeccable, elegantly photographed by Peter Biziou and strewn with symbolic images.
In addition, he uses Wojciech Kilar's play "Zycie Za Zycie" masterfully and beautifully.
If the film has faults, we can find them in the characterization of Laura Linney like Meryl, Truman's "woman" (I doubt that Betty Crocker's identity would deceive anyone), and in a secondary intrigue involving the"Father" of Truman, who feels curiously incomplete.
There are a few great sequences, and the film makes a wonderful tip: we become Truman's audience as much as the film's viewers of the film.
They wear pimples asking "how will it end? '
I couldn't wait to know myself, even if I didn't want to end exactly, because this inspired film may be the best and most complex image in years.