The Truman Show (Paramount Pictures) Race time: 1 hour 42 minutes with Jim Carrey and Ed Harris made by Peter Weir after a long wait, the dramatic beginnings of Jim Carrey finally go on the big screen.
In case you have been sleeping for a few months, the plot focuses on Truman Burbank (Carrey) who leads an apparently idyllic life in the beautiful city of Seahaven.
Her life seems so perfect, however, because she is controlled by the creator of Christoff (Harris) of the Truman Show, the Burbank program is involuntarily the hero.
This is true, Burbank's life is broadcast live to the American public, and Seahaven and all its inhabitants are included in a massive sound scene.
The film takes the Jerry Springer format a step too far ...
With such a different idea, it would be easy for the director and the scriptwriter to make him fall and call on the lowest common denominator.
Fortunately, the film remains reasonable enough to call on all ages, but never seems to be a stupid Carrey film.
Speaking of Carrey, he is perfect in this film, enjoying the best role in his career.
His character is a reinforced Stanley IPKiss from The Mask (1994) and is entirely adapted to the character of Carrey.
He occasionally falls into Ace Ventura mode, screaming and being silly, but generally the public looks at Moderate Carrey.
However, it is not completely dramatic as the film promises them.
Ed Harris brings extreme intensity to Christoff, the megalomaniac creator of the show.
Calm and well spoken, he burns an image in the spectator.
Unfortunately, he is barely in the film, and for the first hour, do not appear at all!
The character of Natascha Mcelhone is also disappointing.
She plays the role well, but her character is unfortunately subscribed and is pushed to the touch just when the public is used to her.
The support cast is excellent, and the city of Seahaven looks deliciously perfect, so perfect that it is frightening.
Philip Glass's soundtrack is also superb and is used with a big effect during the film.
Peter Weir continues the film, having fun clearly.
The film is much more optimistic than its previous films Dead Poets Society and Green Card.
Although it is slightly slow at the beginning, about half an hour in the film, the rhythm really resumes, and when Christoff is entirely introduced, the film is on a momentum.
Unfortunately, however, the film is practically finished when the film is steam.
In addition, concerning the end, it is slightly too ambiguous, which was disappointing.
The screenwriter, Andrew Niccol, who bought us Gattaca (1997), offers an entertaining script and manages to keep the plot in garnish.
Although Christoff's plans to keep Truman become more and more stupid, they never exceed the line, which would have been easy to do for Niccol.
In addition, there are funny gags involving the placement of products and people watching the show.
Overall, the Truman show is excellent entertainment.
Certainly different from the usual shit that Hollywood produces, it should be seen by everyone.
It offers something to each public member, and you would certainly not be disappointed.
Global note =
David Wilcock review? 1998
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes