The renowned surreal director, the 77 -year -old Frenchman Alain Resnais (Hiroshima, my love / last year in Marienbad / M? Lo), created a light musical played as a tribute to Brittisher Dennis Potter and His Pennies from Heaven(TV 1978serial, 1981 Movie) and The Singing Detective (1986).
The film follows Potter's Gimmicky style so that the characters jump in old or contemporary French pop songs which are synchronized to express their private thoughts.
He also follows the kind of sweet and colorful musicals that his compatriot Jacques Demy liked to direct, like "Les Umbluies de Cherbourg" and "The young girls of Rochefort".
History has unique touches of Resnais as a director to carry out his tribute.
It is a satire on class differences and falling in love with the bad person, and that there is a song in everyone's heart for every occasion.
What hinders this production is that the stars do not portray particularly engaging characters, the songs are not memorable and have little chance of being recognized by an American audience (the exceptions could be the Edith Piaf and Maurice numbersKnight), and the farce seems more daring.
However, it is not without her moments and her striking charms, as when Jane Birkin makes a cameo and sings one of her own songs.
In addition, the brilliant amber photography added a very French romantic feeling to history, while the atmosphere of Paris as a place where love would flourish above all, which has always been embellished in the tradition of cinema, presents itself with flying colors.
He also does a good job to show you how Paris is in the 1990s and in the way ordinary people exist there.
He tells the romantic story of six Parisians who become intertwined with each other in their ordinary life while they are looking for happiness.
These are the attractive sisters Odile (Sabine Az? Ma) and Camille (Agnes Jaoui), with the older businesswoman Odile married and decidedly set on a bourgeois life of material comfort.
She is married to Glum and Laconic Claude (Pierre Arditi).
She went out with a businessman, Nicolas (Jean-Pierre Bacri), who left her 8 years ago and now presents herself in Paris and asks her for helping someone to rent an apartment forhis family.
Simon (Andre Dussolier) works as a real estate seller and tries to find Nicolas a dish, during his free time, he writes radio pieces.
Simon's boss is the much younger, unscrupulous and arrogant Marc Duveyrier (Lambert Wilson) (Lambert Wilson), who inherited his father's business and is the real estate agent selling a more luxurious and larger apartment withBetter view of Odile, but does not tell him a construction project soon rises that will block his sight.
The scriptwriters and actors Jean-Pierre Bacri and Agnes Jaoui wrote the best games.
The Camille de Jaoui is an academic who ends a pH.D.
In history, using for his thesis, the study of "Yeomen in the year 1000 in Lake Paladru. '
She works as a tourist guide in the meantime and suffers from panic attacks, even if she seems to have a perfectly perfect control of self.
During her tours in the past four years has been the much older Simon, pretending to do research for her pieces but really attracted by her, but without having the cheek to tell her.
To her great dismay, he discovers that she comes out with her average but beautiful boss, that she meets by looking at the new place of her sister and seeing him cry but not realizing that it was a cold, not becausethat he is so sensitive.
Bacri as class Nicolas, now turns out to be a driver.
It is a hypochondriac with history of depression which visits many doctors, until he finds one who tells him that there is nothing wrong with him.
Odile always poses for him, but he is married, telling him that he expects his wife to come shortly.
Love is `` the same old song '' which turns the world, even when all the characters are l iars and not exactly open to their real patterns.
Everything meets in a celebration of the hanging of bourgeois slots for the place of Odile, because the characters reveal their real feelings and all their deceptions and neurotic impulses are discovered or about to be.
There is not much bite in this satirical musical, but Resnais has never made a bad film and is one of the best French directors, if not the best.
This film is not that of his big ones, but he still has enough pep in his light keys to be interesting.
He has not only a strange way for the characters to enter the song, but - some males even sing in a female voice while some women sing in a male voice.
He is also interesting in the way he examines the behavior of his characters as being similar in business than in love.