Often, a three -star movie will be my favorite.
They are usually the kind of film that I can also watch most often.
They are generally not too deep, allowing semi-without brain relaxation and at the same time, not too stupid.
Men in black are a four -star four -star film.
 (I hope you could follow that one)
Men in black do not wait to have fun.
A few minutes from the film, we are presented to Agent Kay (Tommy Lee Jones), introduced to an extraterrestrial, and introduces the impressive memory decrease tool that all MIB agents use.
After all, you cannot have extraterrestrial witnesses running with this kind of knowledge can you?
Men in black are, of course, the organization which "monitors all extraterrestrial activities on earth".
The NYPD officer, James Edwards (Will Smith), is on a routine pursuit when suddenly the punk without good punk that he pursues begins to jump from buildings and flash more than one pair of eyes.
The stranger delivers the simple message that the world will finish, and with that, plunges from a roof.
Naturally, no one believes their history.
 .
 .
Person who is, with the exception of the top secret organization of which even the government is not aware.
Edwards then meets agent Kay, the man who never seems to smile and is presented at Mib.
Edwards ends up joining the team and is stripped of everything that can point out (birth certificate, driving license and even the literal withdrawal of its fingerprints).
James Edwards no longer exists.
Meet Agent Jay.
Agent Kay recruits Jay under his wing as they take care of "regular" functions.
Finally, a much more treacherous event comes into play.
A "bug" landed on earth and will erase humanity if these two do not stop it (or cannot).
The intrigue is not exactly clear, but we know that it has to do with a galaxy as large as a jewel or a marble sought on earth, and it is crucial that the Mib finds it before the "bug".
Barry Sonnenfeld, who also made the Addams family films, realizes it well.
It's fun, it's funny, it's full of action.
A beautiful summer blockbuster as it was rightly proven.
It is one of those films that is just "fun" and cannot really be more pleasant or clearer.
Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones are both doing excellent work and both are an explosion to look at.
Certainly one of the best films in summer 97, men in black are highly recommended from me!