Bruce Willis and the director Sixth Sense M.GHT Shyamalan reinstalls himself to tell the story of David Dunne (Willis), a stadium security guard who had problems at home that affect his relationship with his wife and child.
During a return trip to New York where he was trying to get a job, Dunne is in a horrible train accident of which he is the only survivor.
To make things even stranger, Dunne also escaped the accident completely unscathed.
A comic strip merchant named Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson), who was born with a degenerative bone disease that makes his bones so fragile that they are constantlife.
Price estimated that there should be someone exactly the opposite of him ...
Someone whose bones would be so strong that he would never break.
Price contacts Dunne and convinces him to go down to his gallery for a conference where he suggests that Dunne could most likely be something similar to a comic strip superhero that the price was used to read when he was a child.
Dunne does not believe him at the beginning, but Price helps him discover his "powers" and helps him refine his profession until he discovers what his true vocation is really.
Writer / director M.GHT Shyamalan had a difficult act to follow with his sleeper struck the sixth sense.
How exactly follows one of the largest and most popular thrillers in recent years?
For Shyamalan, the answer had to be as easy as nuclear physics to kindergarten children.
Is this new film up to its Smash at the revolutionary box office, however?
The answer to this question is not very easy either.
Regarding rhythm, the sixth sense seemed almost endless.
It was only when the end of the surprise was revealed that I realized that the film was in fact intentionally (and perfectly) rhythmic in order to give the public enough time to reconnect all the information they had seen aonce the culmination has been reached.
As a unbreakable, Shyamalan gave the film a much more satisfactory rhythm which, in many ways, blows the film that had preceded.
The story moves at a regular rate and the management of Shyamalan is excellent, the camera moving almost constantly.
There are tons of great shots in the film, including a conversation that opens the film between the character of Willis and another train passenger.
The plan seems to have been filmed as if we were looking at both of us talking between the train seats and the camera regularly slides back and forth between the two actors while they speak.
The James Newton Howard film score is also very impressive (which also marked the sixth sense of Shyamalan and the similar film Stir of Echoes, as well as the dinosaur of this year).
Several scenes are motivated by a very catchy rhythm and help to increase the tempo of the film.
One of the best examples of this is a scene in which Dunne goes to a station to "exercise" her powers.
Music, in combination with stellar visuals, helps to really make it an incredible film.
If there was a soundtrack, I would make an essential purchase this year, it would be it.
The film also has great performance, including an early child actor trying to compete for the Oscar throne left vacant by Haley Joel Osment.
Willis transforms a great performance as Sad Sack Dunne, who simply does not seem to understand why he has been depressed for a few years.
His character seems almost pathetic when we meet him for the first time, but he ends up becoming his under the tutelage of Elijah.
Jackson is one of the best players in our time, and here it transforms another great performance as an elijah still injured.
Although her hairstyle is absurd, Jackson seems to infuse such pain in his role that the hairstyle of the mortar board can easily be overlooked.
The role of Robin Wright Penn seems to be slightly undefeated In, but she always manages to cross the intense wound of the need for love of her character of her husband and her desire to make things work.
Spencer Treat Clark, like Dunne's young son, Jeremy, shows that Shyamalan always has a talent for choosing young actors, and he is transformed in one of the most competent performances in the film.
Of all the characters, Jeremy is perhaps the most emotional, and Clark does an excellent job with the role.
Where the film loses points is during its end "surprise".
Shyamalan said in interviews that he was going to make an end that had blown out that presented by the sixth sense, but I found myself saying "Was that all?!"
When unbreakable revealed its own end.
It's not that the end is bad, it's just that the end does not have the emotional punch that the other film made.
In addition, it almost seems that it is preparing for the consequences (and I will not reveal the end here, but you will understand what I mean when you see it).
Essentially, all of this means that shyamalan made another good film with unbreakable.
The only real problem is that the end does not quite fulfill the shadow left by its predecessor.
As long as it is not held at the level of this sixth together (which it will ultimately be), it should be a remarkably well -loved film.
One thing seems clear, however.
Shyamalan has definitely has an affinity for the comics he would like to share with the world and many comic fans will also delight the vision he presents in this film.