After a rather disappointing "Mary Raililly", Stephen Frears is now officially back in business with a return worthy of praise.
It is one of the best surprises of this season - a sweet and small budget comedy with a big heart.
In fact, it is not even a comedy.
It is a drama or even more precise - an intelligent satire on human relationships and needs.
Based on a novel acclaimed by the criticism of 1995 by the British author Nick Hornby, `High Fidelity 'is an ironic and sympathetic story on the quest for a man for fulfillment and happiness.
Rob Gordon was a DJ.
It seems that he can run everything - except his own life.
Now he has championship vinyl, a small music store, somewhere in New York.
When he is suddenly thrown by his girlfriend, a magnificent blonde lawyer, life suddenly loses all goals.
Decimated, humiliated and on the point of mental (and emotional) ventilation, he begins to meditate on his life and the way it could have been - on what is right and what is important.
He begins to "categorize" life, by dividing it into "top 5 lists".
And the most important thing is the "list of the 5 best" on the most painful ruptures of his life, starting with the 5th year, when he found his young girlfriend with another boy.
Although you can think that people change, become more mature with age, it simply does not seem so and all Rob's relationships were different versions of this first.
Where did he be wrong?
Is it the one who messed up?
Or maybe just stinking life?
Although he is lost in his own aptif, he must think of the "list of best 5" on his needs for the future, find the right elements and mix his life together.
With intelligent parallels with the cult of celebrity, music and with incredibly direct narration, he approaches the average member of the public, in other words - people like you and me.
Although a large part of this honor is addressed to the screenwriter ______ and Frears, the director, the game is just as important as the word written.
And here, John Cusack should absolutely be mentioned.
It is simply superb.
It is as much his film as Frears.
The film would not be the same without him.
Cusack - whose character is sadder, wiser and 35 - brings intelligence and warmth to post -modern irony.
Most of his dialogue comes directly to the camera - not an easy task - but Cusack removes it.
His interpretation feels so emotionally correct, so incredibly realistic and specifies that Frears's message simply cannot be ignored or supervised.
The other members of the distribution do an equally remarkable job.
______ and Jack Black are fabulous.
Even Catherine Zeta Jones appears in a role in which she actually acts, not only beautiful.
However, the most unexpected pleasant surprises are provided by Todd Louiso which offers spectacular comic performance as a colleague and friend of Rob Dick.
It is such an impressive achievement that it is almost worth an nodal appointment.
It is simply a joy to see.
Otherwise, everyone is in their place, and at the right time - all part of the colorful mix of frears.
About "Keeping the Faith" by Edward Norton, this film follows no formula or does not belong to any kind - it is dramatic, tragic, sarcastic, comical and even cynical, but never bitter or angry.
It's a bit of everything, roughly like life itself.
Nothing seems unreal or staged.
It reflects reality as a mirror.
Looking at it, you cross the same emotional problems as the main character.
You feel and think and think.
This effect has become a rarity these days.
Although it is mainly the dangers of love, the `` high fidelity '' secondarily concerns pop music.
Rob has championship vinyl and its employees, Timid Dick (Todd Louiso) and Barry (Jack Black), music snobs.
Music is the language of their life, the measure by which they define themselves and mark the important events of their LI Ves.
And the film too.
It is as much a musical film as anything else, because Rob's journey is wonderfully described through carefully inserted musical fragments.
In the end, you won something while looking at him.
It is not the film of the century or even of the year.
It is not an extravagance of special effects.
It does not require large explosions or digital creatures to succeed.
It is a short film about great things.
And even if it does not contain heavy philosophy, you feel like you have experienced something important, and you will feel this beautiful warm feeling for a while.