You have already seen this moment, recently: a particularly disturbed character detects the danger of the paranormal type when the ambient temperature inexplicably falls to be freezing.
The difference is that when it happens to Nell by Lili Taylor in the haunting, we don't care.
The hero of the sixth sense, a young boy named Cole, is a rich creation, and we do not wish anything more than the ghosts that haunt him to hike.
The seasons have changed since a former patient with jaded psychologist, Malcolm Crowe (Willis), in the comfort of his own room.
Desperate to put his career on the right track, even to the detriment of his ruin wedding (with Williams, of Rushmore), Malcolm advises the cole (osment) deeply disturbed.
The pre-adolescent displays all the oddities of the potential killer of Malcolm: scars on his body; anti-social behavior; and the reluctance to reveal a great secret.
It was only after Cole was locked in a closet by intimidators (and hospitalized accordingly) that he discloses in Malcolm, in a scene of the spine, that he sees dead walking among us, everythingthe weather.
Malcolm assumes, and taking into account his profession, reasonably, that Cole is schizophrenic, not psychic, but the sincerity in the anxious confessions of Cole prevents the doctor from taking drastic measures.
Rather, he will continue the supernatural angle, becoming a kind of Cole substitution father (who lives with his single mother, Lynn (collet)) in the process.
The sixth sense has more in common with Ghost than Poltergeist.
 (Although Shyamalan does it, a little impulsively, the cradle of the autonomous cuisine of the latter.)
It is much more comforting than frightening, and the film would not be worse for wear without its few paste shocks.
Cole attracts the dead for unknown reasons, but they did not go out to hurt him, they really want to be heard, even if it means scaring the Bejesus of the innocent filing cabinet.
Perhaps the appearances seem more horrible to us, at the beginning, than they are really because we look at the situation through the eyes of an eight-year-old child.
It's true: Willis, for the first time in years, abandons light to his Costar.
We appreciate the domestic dilemma of Malcolm, but we identify ourselves with Cole, recalling our fears of the Bobolier or the cupboard monster or the thing under the bed.
The two actors offer extremely sympathetic performances and their dynamics are manifest.
Willis convinces us that he is a doctor, something he could not do as a narrowing of the Horndog in the overheated color of the night.
Once is phenomenal, a real professional who resists the assault of the camera as some children with too much experience in television advertisements.
The sixth sense (atmospheric by the silence of the director of the lamb photography, Tak Fujimoto) is in fact a drama - a frightening and effective advertising campaign is misleading.
It is only because I expected something different that I noticed, I feel, the time of the film, which is a little shy by two hours.
The story unfolds slowly but in an extremely imminent way; its unexpected finish is really worth waiting.
I'm not sure that the end of Big Twist is in the ball, but I admired his audacity.