Looking at the rewriting of the Italian writer / director Dario Argento, the mystery of the murder, Tenebrae, I was struck more than anything else by the number of sins he commits as a storyteller and manages to run away.
By focusing on style on intrigue issues, Argento is somewhat notorious in cult cinema circles, but some aficionados always praise Tenebrae as the greatest of his mysteries of murder "Giallo".
Although it is certainly not perfect, repeated views reveal that it is nevertheless a densely traced and terribly elegant thriller.
The story follows a promotional visit to Rome by the famous American mystery novelist Peter Neal (Anthony Franciosa) where he discovers that a serial killer is in freedom inspired by his latest book "Tenebrae".
With the police on the back for the tracks, he decides to personally take an interest in the case and he soon becomes trained in a mystery where everything is not as it seems.
The film benefits a lot from a good central performance of Franciosa.
He brings grace, charm and a deceptive benigness to his character who provides an interesting sheet of both the violence of the books he writes and the real horror that takes place around him.
The film is flooded with a fascinating psychosexual tension.
Argento takes off the facade of the lifestyles of the showbiz and the jetst to reveal a amoral, ambivalent and dark world where desire in all its forms has become a dangerous company.
Tenebrae is perhaps the most multilayer of Argento scripts to date and there are a lot of broths below the surface here.
He can take at least two or three views to appreciate all the psychological themes at stake.
In this regard, he strongly remembers his previous Giallo Deep Red / deepo Rosso (the full -length Italian language version) and the fans will appreciate the recurring themes.
Needless to say, for money fans, it is undeniable that the director's brilliance as a stylist.
Lots of action and murder sequences are directed with its characteristic finesse and have a lot of intriguing camera work.
They are all the more impressive for the fact that in this film, Argento creates a mood by filling his scenes of light, rather than dark shadows and deep rich colors of previous works like deep red and suppiria.
Instead, Tenebrae's design and lighting paint an elegant, clinical and cold vision of a vaguely futuristic urban world.
And the mixture of the soundtrack of electronic atmospheres and Gothic rock by frequent goblin workers is perfect support.
Tenebrae therefore has a lot to recommend, without a doubt.
However, constant harassment at the back of this spirit of viewers is several lumps in the story.
Some criticisms argue that logic does not matter in Argento films, but damn, this counts in all films to the point where viewers do not deserve to feel cheated.
By the way, if you do not want to know the solution to the mystery, jump the following three paragraphs.
About an hour in Tenebrae, the story takes an unexpected turn which, properly manipulated, could have turned out to be ingenious.
We are witnessing the murder of the serial killer himself by a man who, we discover later, is none other than the author Peter Neal.
He's crazy, apparently.
The murders then continue for the rest of the film while Neal decides that it is time to settle personal affairs involving his neurotic wife.
It was finally revealed to us as this "second killer" in the bloody climax of the film.
But Argento stifles the twist, both technically and narratively.
You see, we are supposed to be deceived by thinking that during this scene, Peter Neal is actually an innocent witness who was crouching in the bushes nearby all the time and spying on the killer's house.
But thanks to a bad montage, he had to believe that Neal could have murdered the killer anyway.
A bad cut puts the timing outlet.
In other words, it is almost in two places at the same time.
During this crucial scene, we also thrown a ridiculous red Rring.
At the end of the film, you realize that, for the good of an alibi neal, he must have an unpleasant injury in this previous scene to give the impression that he was attacked by a fascia.
the injury ?
He struck on his head with a large bloody rock!
Thus, the revelation of the "hero" as a killer (and anti-hero) in the final scenes can still be shocking, but everything is somewhat improbable when the final credits have rolled.
In the end, we ultimately learn that the bizarre flashbacks of personal humiliation and murder that have permeated the film belonged to Neal from the start.
But there is also a problem, because the explanations proposed for his motivations are psychologically vague at least.
History owes us a better understanding of the spirit of Franciosa, his hidden madness and his sudden murderous unleashing.
Tenebrae is also spoiled by small boring inconsistencies.
For example, a teenager and a girl leave a hotel room and a few minutes later, we see the girl died at the back of a motorcycle.
We assume that the rider is the same boy, but he turns out to be a male character that we are not even introduced too!
It is a carefree, pure and simple cinema.
Why, you can ask, do I go to the faults of history?
Because in terms of visuals and sets, Argento is one of the most exciting filmmakers in the world.
Take one of the extensive tenebrae scenes.
An upset girl wandering in the streets The night unnecessarily taunts a watchdog to the point where - almost incredibly - he jumps a high fence and pursues it through the city.
Finally, while she is desperately looking to escape from this crazy canine, she accidentally stumbles on the lair of the serial killer.
It is an absolutely masterful, tense and exciting sequence, and communicate a mine of information by the visuals alone.
And it's exactly the kind of thing that makes flaws so frustrating.
Too often, it seems, Argento films as a whole are lower than the sum of their impressive parts.
Notice, if you like the mysteries of murder, Tenebrae is still worth it.
And if you are a fan of the unique style of Giallo Thriller d'Argento, it's essential.
See the large screen version not cut if you can and drink in some of the wonderful cinematographies of Luciano Tovoli.
It is an elegant, superb and original film despite the story of the problem.
Too bad, because it should not be so.
Take the most recent Stendhal syndrome of Argento (1992), where with the help of the co-scenarist Franco Ferrini, he shaped a solid scenario without sacrificing his oddity or his surreal visual panache.
Proof that he can do it, if he tries ...