Only a year after the initial release of "Scream", the sending of horror of the director of horror veteran Wes Craven and the screenwriter Kevin Williamson who seemed to breathe new life into the Slasher genre, the inevitable suite "Scream 2"arrived in our theaters.
While the ironic parodic element is always noticeable in this film, it is really a slimful spectacle to a broader comment on violence and the media and a more conventional story of horror.
The first film, although often violent and horrible, mostly lacked real fear because almost all the scene was played for the value of the camp and the discussion of the quirks and the clichés of the horror films was almost constant.
The premise of "Scream 2" is that a series of copying murders begins when a film entitled "Stab", based on a book written by opportunistic journalist Gail Weathers (Courtney Cox) on the events of "Scream", ispublished and two audiences are killed during the opening screening.
I had heard of this scene before going to see the film and I was surprised to find this sequence which largely lacks in the camp comedy.
His conclusion, in which a bleeding and injured woman stumbles in front of the screen and dies in front of an audience who is delighted because they think it is a stroke of advertising, is more surreal and disturbing than anything else.
The satire in "Scream 2" thus takes on a wide orientation and gradually evolves towards an exploration of the perceptions of the media in general.
Although the resident horror film Geek Randy (Jamie Kennedy) is back with a new dialogue on the consequences (and it is interesting to note how they are generally inferior to their predecessors), the characters in this film also shootOther entries in the Pop culture encyclopedia as well.
Everything, "friends" and "saved by the bell" with "showgirls" and "Terminator 2" is referenced here; horror is only one of the many genres available for lampooning, and there is no"Wes Carpenter" jokes this time.
More importantly, this film depicts characters ready to go to disturbing lengths for the attention of the media as well as for the characters whose perceptions were clearly distorted by what they saw on television and in the cinema.
The killings are clearly an imitation of the previous murders of "Scream" (in fact, the culprit even plans to use the influence of horror films as defense of the courtroom), Weathers uses the situation for his own notoriety, and a man seems to be willing to have the life of heroin only if it will interview him on the show TODAY.
Naturally, "Scream 2" does not go so far as to blame the films, but rather shows that those who imitate horror films are already sick and twisted.
Associates that with the fact that several of the characters, including the main character Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), are fairly well developed and that there are authentic moments of suspense frightening the spine, and what we have is a goodfull horror sacfilm.
We do not only get the horror of frightening masks and graphic gore - we also get the horror of sympathetic characters who seem helpless while their friends are slaughtered (and, in an case, an important character who was a favorite ofPublic even bites the dust) and whose life has been reduced to the constant fear of a crazy murderer later at the corner of the street.
Although I have not seen any of his other work, it is easy to see why Craven is generally presented as the director of "film slasher" the most sophisticated, because he clearly cares about something more than the real acts ofThe strike.
Unfortunately, "Scream 2" sometimes goes to the tradition of secular horror to throw logic through the window.
For example, several characters seem clearly clearly dead and inexplicably advanced alive later - there was a gag Ven fashion less credible.
There are also a few scenes in which the killer suddenly appears behind the next victim in a situation that he would have clearly been seen evolving in this direction.
As for the question of whether "Scream 2" is another continuation not as good as its predecessor.
 .
 .
Well, it's difficult to say.
I also gave the first "cry" 3 1/2 stars because it worked fairly regularly as a light shipment.
 "Scream 2" rebounds everywhere stylistically, but it does a better job to deliver the real wounds and ask the questions about media violence that was only made in the first episode.
I do not know what is the best film, but I left the theater convinced of one thing: the suites, even if Randy could discuss, do not necessarily fear.