Available in a brand new video edition of Arrow Entertainment ($ 29 95), with an introduction by David Carradine, written and produced by Wayne J.Keeley
F.W.The career of Murnau ended sadly and prematurely.
The German director of classics such as "Sunrise" and "The Last Laugh" died in a car accident shortly after signing an agreement to make American images in Paramount.
Monnau would be a giant man, much more than six feet, an imposing figure probably incapable of something other than a big starter.
Which brings us to "Nosferatu: a Symphony of Horror": he surely felt a kinship with his title character, the imminent vampire embodied by the intimidation of Max Schreck; in one of the most indelible images of theHistory of cinema, silent or other, Schreck rises from his grave and tight hands, and it is so large that part of his head is cropped by the top of the frame.
The intrigue of "Nosferatu ..."
is lifted - without authorization - from "Dracula" by Bram Stoker.
The British Hutter is an impatient real estate man responsible for visiting and discussing future life agreements with the Count Orlock of Transylvania.
He leaves behind a girlfriend Emily, only to discover the secret of Orlock - he is a blood sucking - and struggles to return to England before the Nosferatu reaches his love.
In addition to Schreck's performance, cinematography and effects are exceptional.
The digital remastered version of Arrow Video from the classic is something of a mixed box.
The cover presents a vampire of red, hairy and hairy tinted goat, looking at you straight, his mouth with agape fangs, while the bodies of two sexy and twisted women seduce you below.
The problem is that the Monster of Murnau is in the pale, bald face, with sharp ears and without fold, and there is not a single sexy and twisted woman in her film.
This type of misleading packaging does not make sense when you remember the countless number of Ghouslish scenes in the film from which a cool coverage could have been extracted.
In addition, informing the spectator that it is in fact the Murnau's film seems afterwards because his name and the authentic title are written in a small impression under our vampire in bouce.
That said, a good work of mastery was played on the film itself.
The original elements are not in the best condition - non -studio, the silents have not been lucky in their conservation - so we are always dealing with a slightly washed, striped and trembling image.
But at least the day and night scenes are respectively tinged with sepia and blue, particularly useful to an audience that can question the waltz of Nosferatu during what seems to be the sun (it took a lot of light to expose thestocks in the 1920s).
The title cards have been redone and they are readable, precise and digitally modified to sparkle - a very nice touch.
 (Even the opening air conditioners of copyright sparkle!)
The score has been replaced by negative O -type music, a hard rock group, probably Gothic, and their songs highlight the film - certainly the coolest video that a group can ask.
When our hero, Hutter, the first on the car condemned to count the Château d'Orlock, we hear a good time "Now you are dead!"
of the main singer Peter Steele.
David Carradine makes an appropriate vampiric host; he plays with a blade and a cane while introducing the film.
After the functionality, which lasts about 63 minutes, is included a new type O negative clip, the black and white Fang-Fest "Black No. 1".
Of course, "Nosferatu: a Symphony of Horror" is the main attraction, and although my last questions have raised questions (why is the woman called Emily in title cards but "Mina" - like Bram Stoker'called - in the letters of Hutter?, for example), it made me realize how this film inspired and was stolen.
The "Bram Stoker Dracula" by Coppola "owes an excellent stylistic debt to the Murau master's masterpiece, but the only thing he could not steal was the original summary charms.
This last incarnation of Arrow will probably be - like the "Metropolis" saved a few years - back a silent film in a more palpable entertainment for the latest generation of film monsters.