Carolco Pictures and the Dutch director Paul Verhoeven (Robocop) gathered to create the 1990 Mega Hit which is a total reminder.
The film is a masterpiece of sets, action and special effects.
Action and science fiction are not better than that!
History implies a worker of the construction of the name of Douglas Quaid (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who lives on Earth with his beautiful wife Lori (Sharon Stone).
Quaid is obsessed with Mars and decides to go with the second best choice; a cerebral implant (false memory) of two weeks of vacation on Mars.
While being established, a memory cap is triggered and doctors realize that the memory of Quaid has already been erased.
Now the people who did it after him.
Quaid must find out who he really is and why these people want him to dead.
The plot takes place at a quick pace explaining through a great action, special effects and twist after a breathtaking turn.
He grabs you and never lets go!
This film is a winner from start to finish.
The intrigue is superb; combining the best elements of science fiction and psychological mystery to create a tear saga.
Schwarzenegger gives its best performance of all time, and the support cast is also good.
The action and the waterfalls are great.
The sets are huge and developed with great attention that is paid to details.
Music and sound effects are perfect for the film and really add a certain level of impact to action.
The makeup effects of Rob Bottin (The Hurling, The Thing and Robocop) are of first order, not to mention extremely bizarre.
The visual effects of Dream Quest (The Abyss) and Industrial Light and Magic (Star Wars Trilogy, Jurassic Park and Terminator 2) are phenomenal!
The visuals had such status of the "Slickness" that they won an Oscar.
Of course, the film is not always realistic; it is more fiction than science.
For example, it is true that a body will not explode in the space of space, but in total recall, they do.
who cares ?
It's a film.
The films are supposed to entertain.
And in my opinion, this film reaches a level of entertainment in such a great film that it may be impossible to beat.