`` Lake Placid '' is certainly not your film of creature typical of attacks of people, ok so maybe it is, but this one is pleasant and intelligent.
In fact, he releases more than a comedy than a horror film.
Well, the end is a bit frightening, but in most horror / comedies.
I admit that "Lake Placid" is not a film worthy of an Oscar, but it reproduces as an original and funny inventive film.
Bridget Fonda plays a palentologist who, after having discovered that his boyfriend tricled, is forced to go to Lake Placid and investigate a tooth, after a man is a little in two.
She gets there but really does not understand why she is there.
Bill Pullman plays a man also investigating what happened, with the Sherriff and a rich man obsessed with hook, they go out and find what is happening.
What they find is not great.
A huge and I mean a huge crocodile lives in Lake Placid, over 150 years old, he has migrated here for who knows why.
They must fight against the croc and try to trap it so that they can study it and see where it comes from.
Betty White plays a woman who lives on the banks of Lake Placid, and well you will have to see the film to find out.
His character is very funny and rude, which is surprising to hear Betty Spee Words and sentences which are quite bad, but funny.
For me, the film appeared as a parody of jaws.
With the opening sequence, and a few others, it is not original and the east.
When you watch this film, you certainly notice its intelligence and intelligence.
David E.Kelly who is the brain of practice and Ally McBeal, writes this film with ease and surprisingly made an excellent work.
The characters have smartmouths, two faults and a few large liners.
But believe me, don't take the "lake placid" too seriously or you won't like it.
But it is a film that can be appreciated as a fun "popcorn" type film.
But I guess it assesses the note "popcorn".
Sit, watch the movie, laugh, cry and whatever you want.
Even if the film is R, and I put violence and gore.
There is really not much gore, but what may be a little rude for some.
`` Lake Placid '' is an intelligent, intelligent, funny and scary film that I enjoyed and I think you too.