Based on the classic of Boris Karloff of the same name, The Mummy begins with the high priest of Osiris, Imhotep, who assassinates the pharah for his mistress and is punished by being mummified in the most horrible way - bandaged, assigning language S 'is removed and being covered with scarabes eaters of flesh, then buried ... while still being alive.
Recapituating a few thousand years later, where a soldier named Rick (played by Brandan Fraser) helps a young historian named Evelyn (played by Rachel Wiesz) and his brother, Jonathan (played by John Hannah) to find the book D'Amon RA, Enles process inadvertently releasing the mummy.
The problem is that the mummy wants to rekindle its mistress, using Evelyn as a sacrifice ...
By entering relatively weak expectations, I thought this film was actually quite good.
The visuals and the CGI are astounding, and obviously not at all done at a lower cost.
They pack a ton of details in the images, especially during the scenes involving mummies made completely by CGI.
The special IT effects make shiny scenes, such as disturbing moments involving pickers of flesh and moments when the mummy goes after the people who released it (after all, those who took its artefacts are cursed).
Unfortunately, the film tries to be far too much in such a short period of time, becoming a war tug for control between genres.
On the one hand, it is an action film at a rapid rhythm.
On the other, it is a scary horror film.
And on the side, it's a hilarious comedy.
Ideally, for him to succeed, the film should focus on an aspect most oriented towards action, with a character serving as comic relief (it would be Johnson).
The problem with this film is that he has at least three characters serving as comic relief, Rick occasionally delivering his spiritual One-Line.
If they tried to make a comedy of horror-action, it would have helped if it was established at the start of the film, but unfortunately, with the background of the tomb of Imhotep, it would be impossible.
And then there is the Slapstick combat scene between a rick brandishing the sword and an army of mummies.
Although really well done, he had the feeling of the Slapstick comedy.
Replace the sword with a chainsaw and you would indeed have ashes that fight zombies in the army of darkness.
Although entertaining and funny, he really feels out of words.
But at least it is a break with the naive heroes that Brendan Fraser played a lot.
Overall, the film is a pure price of popcorn from start to finish, entertaining the public.
But I have to put an end to my review with a plea for cinema owners ... Turn
The sound down!
While many theaters have good sound systems, my ears almost sound when I got out of the theater (the sound is particularly irritating and making you shit in your pants if you are not careful).
When they showed the trailer for Schwarzenegger's next film, "end of days", it was so strong that I couldn't do anything.