The 1998 summer films season is still in its infancy.
But after diaspooseting films such as "Godzilla" and "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", it would be good to see a very good film.
But I doubt you can expect it.
The Truman Show is one of the most unique films I have ever seen, and it deserves a place on the "best decades" list.
There is no way to isolate a single component of this image and proclaim: "Yes, that's what makes this film great."
The mixture of the masterful direction (and in many ways of Peter Weir, the amazing photography of Peter Biziou and the performance of Jim Carrey is what makes this film work so fantastically.
There is something strangely beautiful about each plan of the Truman show.
It may be the use of the color or the placement of the characters in the frame, but everything on this film seems intentional and perfect.
Carrey made a very wise choice.
By playing Truman Burbank in soft ways, he allows himself to comia as a fairly room, and therefore to alienate his real fans, while showing a vulnerable and human side.
It was a side that has missed almost all the major characters he played in his many commercial successes.
Truman Burbank was born from an audience of millions.
He was chosen before birth to be at the center of a 24 -hour television program.
Everything in its environment is controlled by a team of technicians, led by the director of the show, Christof (played by Ed Harris).
Everyone in Truman's life is an actor or a supplement.
They are all watched by millions of people around the world, people who can connect at any time of the day to see what is going on in Truman's life.
But he is the only person who is not aware of it.
The classification of the Truman show can be delicate.
The public reacted to many Truman's revelations to laugh.
I did not laugh much during the film because I was so emotionally wrapped with the character.
The things that made the audience laugh at me giving me glassy eyes, because what happened to him, indeed what had been done with his life was bad.
So, will it eventually label like a comedy?
a drama ?
It really depends on the public.
But for me, the Truman Show was a touching and sad story about the expansion to which a society will exploit human life for the entertainment of others.
But above all, the Truman show was an incredibly beautiful image with humor, heart and frightening realism.
Oscar predictions in June are useless, but if the Truman Show had been published on time at the end of autumn or winter 1997, as originally planned, James Cameron would be without Oscar.