Kirk Douglas is one of those rare American actors who can say more with a simple look than most can not say it with pages of dialogue.
All he has to do is look at someone with a raised eyebrow, and you instantly know what he thinks.
 "Detective Story" presents one of the best performances of Kirk Douglas.
He plays like a New York detective who makes everyone collapse overnight.
The film is based on a room, and this is quite obvious, because most of the film takes place in the apartment of a room in which the detective works.
The film opens with the fact that the character of Douglas is preparing to go home with his wife, but through a series of events, he never does quite.
Most of the film follows the case of a man named Schneider, a surgeon who regularly performs abortions with a high mortality rate.
However, this character of Schneider has a link in the past of Douglas's woman; a connection of which Douglas himself is not aware.
Many secrets are revealed during the last half hour of this film.
Secrets I would not dream of giving.
With a name like "Detective Story", we would assume that the film would look like an episode of "NYPD Blue", but that does not work quite in this way.
However, we see Douglas at work on a few other cases throughout the duration.
Lee Grant (practically unrecognizable) plays a gentle Jewish woman stopped for display flight.
His scenes with Bendix, another detective, give the film some laughs.
The performances all around are fantastic.
Douglas is perhaps the leader of this set, but he is not the center of attention all the time.
We may have an overview of other cases and other detectives working on these cases.
Which brings me back to Douglas.
He has a really emotional scene towards the end of the image that really makes you feel for him.
We can see that it is a man who spent his whole life trying to eliminate the crime, but finally realized that what he really did is to return to his criminal father.
The way he takes care of this is something that is really worth seeing.
Kirk Douglas is the kind of actor that we do not seem to see for a large part of these days: it is a hard guy, but human elements are never hidden too deep under this gruff exterior.