There is a fine line between satire and controversy, and Mike Nichols (The Birdcage, Wolf) led a clear and very honest look at an American presidential election.
Based on the book written by "Anonymous" (the former writer "Newsweek" Joe Klein), John Travolta plays Governor Jack Stanton.
But he doesn't really play in Stanton.
He plays Bill Clinton; just like Emma Thompson undoubtedly plays the first lady and Billy Bob Thorton is the James Carville campaign manipulator (although the credits say of course).
The film is taken from the point of view of Henry Burton (Adrian Lester), a new morally correct and somewhat hesitant adviser to Stanton.
He seeks justice and dignity in the ugliest possible situations, and whether to keep the history of his boss's pants under Wraps or consider digging dirt on another politician, he approaches his work with aLive desire to skillfully serve your country and your country.
Richard Jemmons (Billy Bob Thorton) and Daisy Green (Maura Tierney) team up with Henry as advisers to the potential president, and hire the lesbby frenzy Libby Holden (Kathy Bates) as a "more difficult" campaign.
Together, they are faced with all kinds of sexual allegations, irritating media and other full -minded politicians in the electoral race.
In his satire and his controversy, the primary colors are a similar film to stir the dog: they are not both afraid of wiping their noses in the nitty-fritty and taking a daring look on someSomething that will never have honesty as a virtue.
But while Wag has shown us how much a few people can have on the media, primary colors are much more concerned about the development of its characters, to let us understand what they want and why, and really make us appreciateHumanity and the rectitude that they have graciously entered.
Seeing John Travolta Play Bill Clinton if with confidence is enough to make the film worth it.
And the rest of the distribution also makes superb performances - Adrian Lester strongly portrays Henry's intellect while Kathy Bates is perfect as robust and energetic Libby Holden.
On occasions, you can't help but feel that these great characters will waste.
There are long tiles of time when John Travolta (undoubtedly the most interesting to watch) is missed on the screen; and as it is awkwardly structured like the story of Henry, we are often forced to watch scenes that do notPerhaps not so necessary for the central intrigue - or even to the point of the film.
That said, do not be mistaken - the primary colors are always pleasant to look at.
But often we have to ask ourselves - what do we look at exactly?
The majority of the first half of its duration is a look at ATRON.
But as I mentioned earlier, there is a fine line between satire and controversy - and for the most part, the primary colors offer an entertaining indulgence of political questions combined with a look far from gaining public opinion.
Although on occasions, the film can jump a little too freely, the concentration is never lost on the importance and the vulneration that the subject is really.
Fortunately, it is clear to distinguish on what is entertaining film cosmetics and what is provocative documentation of something so really frightening.