Are you tired of all the new hot versions that left when you arrive at the video store?
Wafflemovies.com is dedicated to finding these hidden jewels which are on the shelves.
EveryWeek, Wafflemovies.com
Critique of independent films and major studio images that deserve a second chance on video.
Here is an example of a review:
Welcome to Sarajevo
In light of the recent intervention of America in Kosovo, Welcome to Sarajevo is a reminder of the American horror and the world ignored for years.
Located in Sarajevo 1992 and based on real events, this image examines the human and societal victims of war.
The photo opens with a family escorting their young wife to her wedding.
As they descend into the street, a sniper draws the mother of the bride.
Yet another reminder that daily life in the warned war can never escape the horror of war.
In this scene, we meet Joe Flynn (Woody Harrelson), an American journalist who ceases to present himself to help a priest to transport the mother who are deadly injured in a church.
Joe is arrogant, but also good at heart as he continues to carry out friendly acts for the people he does not even know.
His colleague journalist is the British Michael Henderson (Stephen Dillane).
Michael quickly gets tired of the horror around him and the lack of interest in the world.
Henderson is haunted by the memory of an altar who witnesses the death of the mother as well as a young girl whom he finds orphan in a hospital after a mortar attack against the citizens who were the line of bread.
He decides to take measures when the United Nations delegation descends to the region to declare Yugoslavia the fourteenth most dangerous place on earth.
Henderson begins a series profiting from an orphanage located on the front lines.
He finds children of all ages living in fear and taking care of each other with the help of an adult.
During his visits, he became friends with a pre-adolescent girl, Emira (Emira Nuseric) who serves as a mother of substitution for the baby roadrunner.
He promises to withdraw the crumbling from the danger if he has the opportunity.
After the United Nations delegation left the country without saving any of the children, Henderson lost hope.
However, his reports drew the attention of Nina (Marisa Tomei) and her children's help group who helps find houses for Yugoslav orphans.
Unfortunately, only babies are wanted for adoption, then Henderson undertakes to take Emira to England.
The group of children, Nina and Henderson leave the front lines on a dangerous escape for Italy.
Can they finish this dangerous hike through the country torn by the war and avoid hostile troops bringing together Muslims for concentration camps?
The film was beautifully and sensitive.
The director Michael Winterbottom and the screenwriter Frank Cottrell Boyce express very well the societal destruction that occurred.
They show the destroyed lives, the families who have been separated and the desolation to which everyone tries to face.
This is better illustrated by the group of Yugoslavs Henderson, its producer and Flynn have become friends.
The twenty -year -old group lies in a bombed bar without the simplest pleasures and equipment in life.
One of them is an accomplished musician who spends his days playing the piano and promising to play a concert when Sarajevo is declared the most dangerous place on the earth.
Like the rest of the people deeply affected by the war, this small group tries to survive instead of trying to live.
Winterbottom is brilliantly intervenes scenes with images of real news to give the film the feeling of a documentary and keep the viewer aware that many of these horrors are made thousands of kilometers while you sit safely in your living room.
The image is also reinforced by a beautiful cinematography which captures the devastation of this city which welcomed the 1984 Olympic Games.
Winterbottom and Boyce also produce a realistic representation of journalists covering atrocities.
This representation is Much more flattering for journalists than previous Wafflemovies.com
Mad City selection.
We watch them fight to cover horror, while trying to remain professionally detached.
However, they are human and question the reason behind everything, why no one cares about it and how they can get out.
Stephen Dillane is wonderful like Henderson.
He portrays the character as a man to everyone taken in the midst of extraordinary events.
Dillane avoids making the character too heroic and preacher.
Henderson realizes that he cannot save the world, but he can help a few.
This is a wonderful opportunity for Dillane after having had to suffer from the Bullock Denis Leary-Sandra Two Ifo SEA disaster.
Woody Harrelson continues to prove that he is one of the most beautiful and versatile actors of his generation.
Harrelson plays the famous celebrity journalist with a gold heart by allowing the character's nature and vulnerability.
Harrelson is just as skillful to assume roles as wacky men (Cheers, white men cannot jump) as well as excellent support roles such as this one.
This ability will serve him well and will give him a long successful career.
America's involvement in this struggle occurs seven years after the film's events occur.
For those who do not have a complete understanding of the history of the conflict, the whole film, especially the opening scenes, provides a history lesson.
War is a foreign concept for most of us in America.
The battles are fought thousands of kilometers among people to whom we have no attachment.
The television images of the Gulf War are all the experience that most of us have with war.
This photo brings him directly into your living room and makes you think outside of our own little world, something that we do not do enough in America in the 90s.