Capsule: The Cure Director brings a strange and very complex concept to the screen.
Visualization will not be enough to understand the premise of Pulse.
The idea is something about ghosts and the Internet.
The film has an incredible apocalyptic style.
 , +2 (-4 to +4)
Maybe the most disturbing (and disturbed?)
The filmmaker in the world is Kiyoshi Kurosawa.
His films all seem to have a dark style.
The worlds he creates are terrifying and cold.
In the United States, little known to date, his films offer the kind of horror that so many of our filmmakers promise and are unable to deliver.
Most of his ideas are fresh and at the same time morbid.
His 1998 Cure film, with one of his most nineteent-up ideas, has just received a sadly limited release in the United States and, hopefully, enough people will see that his name will soon be to mention.
Cure is probably his classic.
Last year, he released Session, a remake of a wet afternoon.
It was perhaps a calculation error inserting supernatural elements in a non-supernatural story.
The impulse is Kurosawa on the form.
Taguchi, a young IT expert, is late with its delivery of important software.
Two colleagues go to his apartment and find a gloomy dark affair despite his computer equipment.
Taguchi, acting very strangely, allows her friends to look for the missing software.
Meanwhile, he slides behind a plastic curtain.
When he does not answer calls, his friends follow him behind the curtain and discover that he hung himself.
If it was not enough horror, the body seems to disappear by just leaving a strange place similar to a mildew on the wall.
Taguchi's computer seems to have been infected with a kind of computer virus.
People whose computer gets the virus seem to be superficially died by suicide.
But they are not entirely dead.
Their minds seem to remain present in one way or another in the real world and on the Internet.
We ask people who get the computer virus if they want to see a ghost.
If they say yes, they seem to be able to see real -time images of the spirits still nearby.
The computer shows them impossible images of ghosts in their own rooms seen in cameras that do not exist.
All of this is somehow connected to paradise and hell fills in a way and overflowing "like a computer disc".
Instead, the dead seem to stay on earth and live in computer viruses.
There is a kind of passage between the worlds having something to do with the doors marked with administrative formalities and strange electronic disturbances on computers.
Leave Kurosawa to find a new type of death.
It is a film that has larger ideas accumulated than LifeForce and in a way Kurosawa makes the film work.
He may not completely transmit his message of isolation and his parallels to death, but all that he transmits is a nightmare.
Kurosawa, who directs his own scenario, links his history to the real world with a familiar and precise computer discussion.
Often, the intrigue is advanced with the intuitions of character supposed to be facts.
His plot is often difficult to follow and always very strange.
Junichiro Hayashi, the director of photography who recently made all Kurosawa films, creates a dark, cold and dark tone.
The images are obscured by semi-eclairage or are behind the plastic curtain.
The scenes are not treated for their horror as could the American operating films.
People are slaughtered with firearms, but there is little or no blood in evidence.
Seeing black silhouettes on computer screens is not immediately frightening.
Kurosawa is not going and an easy visual shock, but a more deep metaphysics.
From any horror filmmaker in the world, Kiyoshi Kurosawa is the one to look at.
I note this metaphysical look at isolation A 7 on the scale 0 to 10 and A +2 on the scale of -4 to +4.