Summary five Liberal Iowa graduate students share a house and allow a tradition of a big Sunday dinner.
For the past year, they have been inviting a guest for dinner and discussion.
On this occasion, one of the roommates, Pete (Ron Eldard), brings a stranger back to house who picked him up when his car broke down.
The stranger is Zack (Bill Paxton) which appears as a good fairly decent Samaritan.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
After a conversation for a dinner, it seems that Zack is, among other things, a racist "You know that my grandfather said one day that if he knew that you color, we would have so many problems that we would have chosen the whorecotton "-Semite.
An argument degenerates to the dinner table and leads to violence.
After Zack Assauts Marc (Jonathan Penner) and Pete, Zack is killed.
The roommates are in contradiction with what to do.
Marc, Pete and Paulie (Annabeth Gish) immediately wish to call the police.
Luke (Courtney b. Vance) and Jude (Cameron Diaz) suggest something different.
After more discussions, they agree to have the body and cover it.
They don't want to be sent to prison for what they think is justifiable homicide.
When done, roommates realize that it was easier than they thought.
So easy in fact that they decide that every Sunday, his guest of dinner would be someone who opposes his opinions.
If they all agree that the guest deserves to die, they will poison them and bury them in the backyard.
The rear court fills up fairly quickly, its "victims, including (among others), a right to life, an anti-environmentalist and a homophobic.
As the roommates arrive at their tenth victim, they begin to question their methods.
Do they give guests a chance?
Do they even give them more good food?
This film is what I like to call a "hidden treasure".
This film is such a pleasant surprise.
A well -written and diabolical satire that is funny, sexy and original.
This film should be a success, but I suppose that the fact that he apparently did not have marketing would not give him much luck.
I had never heard of it before I saw a copy in my video store.
Stacy Title does a great job in the direction.
In a way, she finds the time to give all the characters enough screen time to develop a distinct personality.
> From the five members of the house to other key characters, including the Sheriff Stanley (Nora Dunn), the local law approaching the truth, and the guest of the dream dinner, Norman Arbuthnot (Ron Perlman), a cloneRush Limbaugh which should be the easiest Kill roommate.
Perlman gives the best performance of the films.
He finds the right note as the big right mouth which offsets and simultaneously wins the followers, and can simply inadvertently from his path outside of death.
The other actors are also convincing because all roommates deal with their deadly paths.
Some characters seem to go to the road to madness, while others cry their decisions.
When friends ask me to recommend a film, this is usually the first one I think about.
I'm not saying it's my favorite film (even if it's in my top ten), but because the film was a wonderful surprise, I have a penchant for that.
I also try to recommend films like this: those who have not been seen by many people, but who should.