The field of dreams almost challenges the description.
Although it is baseball, it is not a baseball film.
Although the film is extremely spiritual, it is not religion.
And although Field of Dreams is melodramatic, it is not a tearful.
To really understand what the field of dreams is, you have to see it.
In the film, Kevin Costner plays Ray Kinsella, a baseball fan, a graduate of the 60s in Berkeley and Iowa Farmer.
One day, as he stands in the midst of his vast corn fields, Ray hears a voice; he says to him: "If you build him, he will come."
Then Ray has a vision and somehow concludes that if he builds a baseball field in the middle of his corn, Joe Jackson, unemployed, will come from death to play again.
And even if it exhausts the savings of his family and that his neighbors think that he is crazy, Ray eliminates corn and builds a baseball field, with stands and flood fires.
 "If you build it, it will come."
Lo and behold, Shoeless Joe comes - leaving several of his dead teammates with him.
And then Ray hears his voice again; that tells him to "relieve his pain".
Ray thinks that it means that he must go to Boston to meet Terence Mann, an influential and radical novelist from the 60s who has since stopped writing and abandoned society.
With the great balance, James Earl Jones plays the disillusioned author who associates with Ray and launches with him in a magical and spiritual journey.
The casting in Field of Dreams is excellent, in particular Kevin Costner in the main role.
Costner gives a silent, subtle and moving performance as a man who before building the baseball field had done nothing crazy or spontaneous with his whole life.
Costner gives Ray the good mixture of enthusiasm and idealism to make us believe in his mystical visions and swallow this wonderful fairy tale.
Amy Madigan gives a good performance of support as a fiery and loving wife of Ray, who against his best judgment supports the crazy ideas of her husband.
In his most impressive scene, Madigan vehemently argues against the burning book at a P.T. Un.
Meeting, displaying the sincere passion for a Radical of Berkeley from the 60s.
Ray Liotta is properly strange and impressive as a ghost of Sho schoolss Joe, the legendary striker who was suspended from baseball for his involvement in the Chicago "Black Sox" scandal of 1919.
And finally, Burt Lancaster is memorable in a small but important role, as a small town doctor whose professional baseball career has been limited to a single round.
Field of Dreams is a fairy tale full of life, wonder, mystery, spirit and humor.
For the most part, he managed to capture our emotions and suspend our disbelief.
Ray Kinsella's spiritual quest in pursuit of his dreams turns out to be moving and miraculous.
But while the domain of dreams generally avoids excessive melodrama, it unfortunately goes on edge, and at the end, it is at the bottom right.
In general, however, Field of Dreams is an emotionally satisfactory fantasy - one that I can recommend to everyone except little Romanesque cynics.