There is nothing like American history X in theaters or on video.
No other feature film watches the lure, culture and brotherhood of white supremacy.
Nice guy Ed Norton Jr. (who sang in everyone says that I love you) plays Derek, a twenty -year -old skinhead.
Papa's subtle racism became great in Derek, after gang members killed his father.
Dad was fighting a fire when they killed him.
Now Derek keeps his head shaved and has a gammed gammed cross tattooed on his heart.
Derek is more interested in the ideas of white supremacy than by its culture of violence.
On a basketball court, black and white temperatures are evolving.
Derek channels the attack in a game, black against white, for the property of the courts.
When the choice arises, Derek opts for Game Point instead of Sucker-Punch.
Cameron (Stacy Keach) enters Derek's life as a substitution father.
He takes Derek under his wing and nourished his racist feelings.
Keeping his own spotless criminal record, he uses Derek as a leader and organizer for high -visibility racial intimidation.
Derek obliges by leading his younger and more stupid friends in the crimes of the crowd motivated by the race.
At the bottom of the channel, Derek's younger brother Danny (Edward Furlong, made famous in Terminator 2) joins the skinheads not for ideological or intellectual reasons, but because he admires his brother and he wants to belong.
One night, three young blacks enter the Derek truck, which is exactly what Derek expected.
Outside in his shorts and tattooing, he pulls them all.
The third potential, unarmed thief, is only injured.
In the key scene of the film, Derek commands the child in a position where he can be killed with a glorious, unfit and horrible stremp.
 (The NC-17 of the fun organican seems even more inappropriate, since American history X has been noted R
The police arrive just when Derek kills the last thief.
Derek does not resist the cops, and while they turn him to handcuff him, the film slows down.
Derek lifts her eyebrows and smiles at his little brother with a scary, sadistic and satisfied smile.
Now in prison, Derek faces new challenges.
As the black man says in laundry: "In the joint, you will nig it, not me."
There is a clique of SkinHeads carrying the swastika, but they are not interested in the ideology of white supremacy.
They only use symbols as a means of intimidation.
Derek finds himself really alone, really in danger and really afraid.
When Derek finally comes out of prison, he notes that his gang friends have also changed.
Without Derek's leadership, they avoided white supremacist ideology for white supremacist culture.
It is the last factor that makes him realize how he has screwed up.
In the end, he spends quality time with his brother who tries to undo the respect and admiration he had previously inspired in Danny.
The film ends a little too deliberately, too carefully after the emotion Unchained and the violent joy of the rest of the film, but that barely harms the global experience.
Edward Norton gives a performance worthy of the Oscars.
Although a part of his dialogue seemed to be written without sufficiently conviction, Norton's performance compensated.
 (An example that comes to mind is his speech of encouragement before looting the store.)
He also captured the essence of an older brother.
He took his responsibility as a model to his younger brother very seriously, very with love, before and after his change of heart.
Although clearly not for all tastes, this film is daring and daring.
The subject is ugly, cruel and sometimes difficult to look at.
Nevertheless, his subjects are part of the great face of humanity.
Kaye gives us a good overview of this fascinating but unpleasant American subculture.