"Living aloud" is the type of film that we do not often see: it is a film on mature and intelligent adults, instead of the usual American film, in which children dress mainly in adult clothes andparade as children aged seven years old.
Judith (Holly Hunter), around forty tickets living in New York, has had trouble in life lately.
She is extremely depressed by her recent divorce to her husband (Martin Donovan), who had deceived her.
She cannot sleep, haunted by terrible memories, often imagines things out of the wall to try to make the world be a better place, and the only place where she can really feel happy is to hear the'One of his favorite singers, Lizbailey (Queen Latifah), play in a local club.
Judith's life begins to brighten up when, a night when she returns home to her apartment late, hinders a conversation with the elevator operator, Pat (Danny Devito), a lonely man in the fifties whoLost his daughter recently.
The two create a kind of emotional link with each other, looking for comfort with the other person, but while Pat begins to form a deep love for her, Judith only wants to remain friends.
 "Living Out Loud", which was written by Richard Lagravenese ("The Bridges of Madison County"), who also makes his debut as director here, is a wonderful film from start to finish, one who is honest, really funny andheart touching.
The three central characters, that of Judith, Pat and Liz, are all written to be free and complex human beings and are all friendly, but imperfect, which are constantly interesting, just like the film itself.
A very original element of the film is that Judith occasionally imagines things that happen in her mind as she wishes.
Sometimes it leads to a comedy, and sometimes it turns out to be subtle and really touching.
A sequence that stands out is when Judith is in a restaurant alone, reading a novel.
An older woman comes to her, says that it is a big book that she reads, then will join her own friends.
While the woman sits down, she looks over Judith alone and the motions to come and join them.
Instantly, we realize that it was simply in Judith's mind, because we see the same woman just sit at the table and start talking to her friends.
Holly Hunter and Danny Devito both give their career performance here.
Hunter, of course, was brilliant in "The Piano" from 1993, for which she won an Oscars, but in this film, she is even better, I think.
She finds the right note for each scene and holds it.
And Devito never had such a humanist role before, of which I was surprised.
Usually it is used as the butt of a joke, or as a caricature, but in this film, has a sympathetic and breathing person to play.
Latifah, also a singer, who quickly turns into a respectable actress herself, and has a role of natural and juicy support because, in some respects, the model of Judith.
Another joy in the film is that it does not somehow form an end, an artificial "happy" end, but, staying with its realistic tone, manages to be optimistic, but truthful.
The last photo is a particularly powerful image.
Nothing is said, but just the image of someone who was walking on a sidewalk said everything.
The relationship that translates between Judith and Pat is true to life and sincere.
While we look at these two people speak and get to know each other, everything we want for both is to be happy, even if that does not include that they are romantically involved.
And as "living aloud", which is one of the best films of the year, proves that sometimes a friendship is the strongest link that we can ask.