I remember the tests and tribulations of my high school years.
It was a period that would mercilessly force me to leave childhood and place myself in the unwanted arms of adulthood.
But of all the experiences that I have collected during these tender years, I can honestly say that the most difficult and most frightening thing I had to face was my raging hormones and my crazy curiosity for girls and sex.
Yes, more frightening than my seventh year English teacher and even more scary than the intimidators who have constantly tracked me down, trying to face my personal wonder on sex, it was like trying to fight an invisible monster.
For all adolescents, it's almost like a rite of passage.
And what we did was sometimes downright mean, sometimes funny and sometimes shocking.
And all this is terribly and shamelessly without light in what could be the funniest film this summer.
`` American Pie '' is a comedy of four sexually frustrated elders who enter a pact to lose their virginity by the end of the school year.
How great their hormones are raging?
One of them notes, after looking at the little Disney mermaid thatiel is so hot.
The four classmates are Kevin, Oz, Finch and Jim.
Kevin is the only one to have a regular girlfriend, but does not want to have sex until the time has come.
But what is the ideal moment?
There is simply no way to know, and that scares it.
Oz is the big jock who decides that the way of scoring with the girls is to listen to them and to be more sensitive.
He joins a jazz choir and discovers that getting into contact with her feminine side has huge advantages.
Finch is the phobic hermit that has no chance with any girl.
So he pays $ 200 to someone to start spreading rumors about her prowess.
Suddenly, the girls queue to go out with him.
But among these friends, Jim is the most curious and the most scary.
When he has a chance to manage with a nice exchange student, his inexperience shines.
He has a lot to learn and will do everything to seek this kind of knowledge.
This may include watching scrambled porn channels or experimenting with mom's apple pie in a completely shocking, hot, but incredibly funny scene.
The only thing I mean about this film is that it deserves its note "R".
There are things here which are completely coarse in the same way as "there is something about Mary" was gloriously ribbed.
In fact, at the beginning, this film received a NC-17 sin note before a few additional cuts finally brought it back to a note accessible to adolescents.
But I suppose that after having seen the coarseness without restraint of South Park, it seems to be tamed in comparison.
Adolescents and all those who can still remember their acne years are those who will laugh the hardest.
But unlike many sex comedies for adolescents, there is a real intelligence at work here.
There are four normal boys who have a natural curiosity for sex.
Their action plans are reflected and they think about the consequences.
They know what they want, but temperate it with responsibility.
But almost always, it is impossible to know how to fight the invisible monster, and it is these episodes that make the "American pie" such a carnal delight to watch.