There is more in a shortpoint than the fabric and the thread - each design of patchwork has its own story (or stories) unique to tell.
In How to Making A American Quilt, the first Hollywood outing of the Australian director Jocelyn Moorhouse (Proof), we understand how the stories of the seven manufacturers permeate their creation with passion and vitality.
All the penalties, the joys, the desire, the sufferings and the loves of these women are sewn in their shortpoint and, as their soft-meter memories are explained, a young woman applies these lessons from the past to her own uncertain future.
Movement images are filled with male bond rituals; how to make an American short -pole presents a distinctly female alternative.
The "Bee de Courtpointe" consists of seven members: the Sisters Gladys (Ann Bancroft) and Hy (Ellen Burstyn); Sophia (Smith Lois), a woman known for her frightening children; Emma (Jean Simmons), the wifeShy of a perpetually unfaithful man; Constance (Kate Nelligan), who had an affair with Emma's husband; Anna (Maya Angelou), the group leader; and Marianna (Alfre Woodard), the daughter of Anna.
The project with which they are busy is the short wedding short for the granddaughter of Hy, Finn (Winona Ryder), which has just engaged.
She spends the summer with Hy and Gladys, and far from her fiancé, to decide if a life commitment is really what she wants, and if it is better to marry a friend or a lover.
One of the greatest pleasures in the way of making an American shortpoint has just looked at a range of great performances by an impressive overall distribution.
From Winona Ryder, Ann Bancroft, Ellen Burstyn and Maya Angelou to minor players like Rip Torn, Claire Danes and Kate Capshaw, this film overflows with talents made.
The performance is good enough, in fact, to cover most of the script weaknesses.
How to make an American courtyard is fundamentally a story without peculiarity, if it affects, through generations - a kind of truncated American version of the Joy Luck Club, with a hint of added fried green tomatoes.
There are probably too many characters.
So, instead of really knowing some, we have quick overviews in a single decisive event in each of their lives.
We learn the root of resentment flowing between Gladys and Hy, and we are told that the reasons why Emma remains with her husband and Sophia is so irascible.
There are also other episodes: the love of Anna's life, Marianna's older soul and a look at the reasons why Constance has entered a liaison with her friend's husband.
The total sum of these tales is supposed to provide the framework of the history of Finn: whether to go ahead with his wedding or Dally with a Hunky foreigner.
There is no emotional epiphany in the way of making an American courtyard.
The stories are all well told, but it is difficult to really connect with the characters - their moments spend so quickly.
Although we certainly feel something for each of the eight directors, our emotional investment is tenuous.
There is not enough depth to pull the spectator all the way, and many personalities and relationships feel half trained, like a short -pole with missing fixes.
To put it frankly, when I liked to watch this film, it did not "do much" for me.
Overall, how to make a short American is a well understood drama that has a lot to say about love, passion and monogamy in relationships.
The Finn segment is by far the most convincing, because it is the focal point: its actions are shaped by everyone's experiences.
The other patches of this American courtyard only succeed in various degrees.
If there is a disappointment here, it is that the script has no more resonance, but the privilege of seeing such a beautiful casting in great shape allows a spectator to enjoy this image even if the story issomewhat conventional.