"The Tailor of Panama" is another type of spy film.
Despite the presence of Pierce Brosnan, there is not a hint of James Bond Flash here.
Instead of large action scenes, super bad guys and empty -headed fatal, we get interesting characters and an intriguing situation.
Based on John Le Carr's novel?, Who also co-written the script, the film offers viewers something rarely seen in theaters at this time of year: a solid and well-told story.
Brosnan plays Andy Osnard, a British agent walking on thin ice.
His British superiors ship him to Panama, ensuring that he understands that he would better not screw up the placement.
OSNARD arrives in the tropics, practically suining contempt for his new colleagues and his new attachment base.
When the bridge of the Americas has been shown by a successful person because, since the creation of the Panama Canal, the structure is the only link between North America and the South, it hardly prevents yawning.
Brosnan clearly savor the possibility of being the antithesis of 007, investing the suave spy with a distinct reptilian quality coupled with an air of indifference which imposes its endless comrades.
In search of a way to obtain information on the government, Osnard aims at Harry Pendel (Geoffrey Rush), a creamy tailor serving the Panamanian elite.
Harry claims to be a transplant of the famous Row Saville of Great Britain, but Osnard knows his secret: the tailor is an ex-pump who served five years in prison after having burned his uncle's shop in an insurance scam.
He also knows that Harry is up to his ears, after spending a fortune in a unsuccessful farm.
Osnard offers Harry a way out.
He will pay for information that Harry has collected from his high -end customers.
Eager to comply, Harry offers what he knows, then begins to concoct treatments to fluctuate money.
Shortly after, he is forced to spy on his loving wife, Louisa (Jamie Lee Curtis), aid to the channel director.
Harry's little lies are building themselves, ending up taking their own life.
Osnard transforms reports on "silent opposition", a group threatening to upset the balance of control over the canal.
The false revelation turns out to be explosive, leading to meetings at Washington D.C.Sur the best way to protect the vital navigable track.
Meanwhile, Osnard swayed in his new status, taking advantage of the best that the city has to offer and court an attractive colleague.
And Harry becomes more and more agitated, fearing the consequences if his customers, not to mention his wife, discover his lies.
Geoffrey Rush is wonderful as a Harry, sagging his customers during the day and savoring his rich family life in the evening, while playing the secret agent at the hours destroyed with his new benefactor.
Rush makes Harry a credible figure, presenting the different levels of the character so effectively that it remains sympathetic despite his duplicity.
After having been renamed by playing bigger than the characters, Rush returns all around for this role, using his energy to represent the silent despair of a man actually realizing that the solution to his problems can be worse than the original problems.
Although she has far too little screen time, Jamie Lee Curtis permeates Louisa with a depth greater than that of the scenario.
Among the central characters, she is the only one who presents maturity and real self -confidence.
Curtis is one of my favorite female actors; intelligent, sensual and charismatic whiplash, it deserves more than supporting roles.
Speaking of support characters, there are big here.
Harold Pinter is fun while Harry's uncle Benny, who appears throughout the story in several creative ways.
Jon Polito as a corrupt banker and Dylan Baker, who is a riot, as general of the United States, is also devoted to the Dr.Strangove School of Armed Patriotism.
But the most important secondary artists are E Leonor Varela and Brendan Gleeson, both exceptional as two injured activists.
Their presence adds weight to history, reminding us that beyond the charades of leading men, there are real people who have greatly suffered from the policy linked to the channel.
Director John Boorman adds additional likelihood by turning the film on site.
Instead of using Panama City simply as a colored backdrop, it is woven with images from all aspects of life there.
The metropolis, described by a character as "Casablanca without a hero" passes from life, under the madness of the two foreigners playing dangerous games which could have a disastrous impact on a large number of people.
 "The tailor of the Panama" succeeds because the directors behind them were brilliant enough to make it more than just entertainment.