Roberto Benigni is a clown in the tradition of Chaplin and Keaton.
This Italian film star, better known in the United States for the badly received son of the Pink Panther, made the quasi-impossible by creating a comic fable on the holocaust.
But Benigni's life is beautiful (the vita e Bella) is not so much a story of the holocaust that she uses this monstrous outrage against humanity as a backdrop to tell a family love story, of devotionand sacrifice.
The film begins as a typical slapstick farce with Guido de Benigni arriving in the small Tuscan town of Arezzo in 1938 to realize his dream of having a bookstore.
Like many Slapstick clowns that preceded it, including almost forgotten Harry Langdon, the Guido de Benigni has childish innocence.
He ignores the growing anti -Semitism of the fascist government.
Instead, Guido ardently falls in love and persuaded Dora, a local teacher who is already engaged to a local fascist official.
In the closely coiled script of Benigni, it is the same fascist official with whom Guido had an unhappy meeting - but Slapstick -.
Guido wins Dora.
They marry.
Quick advance of about five years.
Guido, Dora, and their 5 -year -old son, Giosue? (Giorgio Cantarini) are a happy family.
Guido finally realized his dream of opening a bookstore.
But racial and anti -Semitic tensions are increasing in Italy, and Guido determined to do his best to protect his son from these harsh realities.
The task becomes even more difficult when the family is expelled to a concentration camp.
Here, Guido must use all of his skills and imagination not only to protect his son, but to prevent him from being exterminated.
It is at this stage of life that life can tend to offend those that the holocaust has touched.
For concentration camp scenes do not have horror, pain, unimaginable suffering from a schindler list.
Certainly, many Italian Jews were not expelled before the end of the war, and most were not sent to the death camps, but in work camps where they were used as slave work.
Unlike Steven Spielberg, Benigni is not there to tell the story of the holocaust.
Its history concerns the family and the lengths that a parent will go to protect a child.
For Guido, to save his son, transforms all the experience into a developed game.
Giosue? Must follow the rules without a doubt to raise 1,000 points.
The winner brings a reservoir to the house.
Therefore, Guido tells him that he must remain hidden in the barracks.
He cannot make his or allow guards to see him.
Guido explains this during a hilarious sequence when a German guard barks the camp instructions with newly arrived detainees.
Guido, lying that he understands German and can translate for his prisoners' colleagues, rather establishes the rules for his son to allow him a chance to survive.
Throughout their imprisonment, Guido's rapid reflection continuously prevents Harm's son.
In the end, the Allies save the camp.
In a poignant scene, Giosue? Getting hiding just when an American tank is riding in the compound.
The boy goes to the eyes wide with wonder and pleasure, thinking that he won the match.
The price of his victory is the highest.
Benigni managed to use the darkest moment in human history to prove that even in hell, a glimmer of hope and salvation can penetrate darkness.
Life is beautiful is a fantasy, a fable.
It should not be considered a recording of the holocaust.
Those who oppose it is missing its point.
And that's just where there is hope, where there is life and where there is love, the spark of humanity will never be extinguished.
engaged in lifelong learning thanks to effective communication