Ok, I admit that I had a bad attitude about this film from the start.
A romantic comedy on the trials and tribulations of parents who work unique?
With some incredibly cute children thrown to make good measure?
yuck.
But it's not really too bad.
It has a lot of work against me, for me at least.
In addition to the above, it is typical of many recent films in that it is really a glorified film designed for television, but longer and with larger stars, and you have to pay to see it.
However, he wins you, even if he is painfully predictable.
Just think about it: two single parents, with their cute children, are launched together due to a missed excursion.
Through a day of close disasters, they meet in the way, set off, are caused problems with each other and generally insult each occasion.
In fact, they hate each other so much that we know they are or will soon be, in love.
The only people who hate themselves more than lovers are married couples.
So, this film is predictable, just like the comedies with regard to classic Hollywood cinema were predictable (and the genus Screwball is obviously the Hoffman model for this film).
Will they be dismissed from their work Yuppie?
Will they make the big football match that is so important for their children?
Will Pfeiffer realize what his ex-husband, a Bruce Springsteen drummer, really (isn't that everything?)?
Will they finally kiss?
Well, what were you hoping for?
But there is a certain satisfaction to satisfy our expectations, especially when it is done with so much humor, as well as a lack of sticky sentimentality, as in this film.
Pfeiffer and Clooney have a certain chemistry together which is surprisingly charming, and children are neither pushed to the background nor authorized to steal the show.
A word of prudence, however.
This film is presented in certain places as a "family" film.
Don't let that stop.
However, I think most children, especially boys, would be quite bored by this decision.
After all, no one is killed and there are no explosions.
Overall, a good non-offensive meeting film.
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.