The characters of "Palmetto" transpire collectively enough to fill the lake érié, and it's just the right way to capture the mature atmosphere of the film, sensuality, tension and even farce.
This humid thriller of Florida nourishes a modestly absurd nervousness which is often blocked, which is a good thing since the actors and the director have been on the joke.
Regarding the configuration, the film is nothing that we have never seen before, but be patient - "Palmetto" runs rather nasty torsions of history that we really do not see coming.
It is by no means a classic, but it is certainly a fairly engaging surprise.
Harry Barber (Woody Harrelson) was fresh out of prison, where he served a few years for a crime he did not commit.
Even if he houses the animosity towards local obtuse managers, the first order of the Harry trade is to return to his hometown of Palmetto to be with his girlfriend sculptor Nina (Gina Gershon).
By looking for work, he draws the attention of Rhea Malroux (Elisabeth Shue), the mysterious wife of sexbomb of a millionaire of palm.
RHEA offers a program that will get an easy $ 50,000 - to play a small role in the staged abduction of her daughter -in -law in Jailbait Odette (Chloe Sevigny).
 "You like the risks, isn't it, Mr. Barber?"
Rhaa coo.
The boys form a line behind me.
Part of the success of "Palmetto" can be attributed to the performance of Elisabeth Shue, who demonstrates here that her nominated bend "leaving Las Vegas" could simply foreshadow great things to come.
Shue is an attractive and camping delight and makes a Barbara Stanwyck-Gloria Swanson combo with an admirable relish.
The other actors form a solid whole around her, including Sevigny ("kids"), Slutty as teasing for adolescents, as well as the always scattered Gershon, throws a big cry of his extreme roles in "Bound" and "Showgirls. "
Harrelson always does a good follow -up work at "The People vs. Larry Flynt".
 "Palmetto" has its share of grievances.
The narration of Harrelson is useless, I suppose, and Nina de Gershon is crying to be more fleshy than she is ultimately.
One of the unexpected corners of the plot - that Harry is asked by the police to become the press link for the crime even in which he is involved - could have been played a little better.
There are times when you question the tone, but it is never as unstable as it deserves the reproach it receives from most other criticisms.
If "Palmetto" did not want to be laughed, would he really have nailed to a culminating point which plays like a live action "which framed Roger Rabbit"?
Although some elements can be questioned, the film works well in its own terms.
Thanks to a juicy distribution - in particular SHUE - and the clever material approach to director Volker Schlondorff (you remember him from last summer re -popular "The Tin Drum", right?),
Everything works well.
And for fans of the heavy ends of the Apocalypse, this film has some shocks in store that I will not even dream of revealing.
 "Palmetto" is a generous amount of pleasure to watch, and that's all you need to know.