The kind of "underwater" films seems to be one of the most intriguing and convincing types of narration.
Think about it ...
These films are completely based in reality, but only a handful of people have ever been on one, which makes them fascinating for the general public.
They are not like films that take place on a plane or on a train, because anyone can acquire one of them.
And they are not like films that occur in space either, because no one has done all this yet.
When a new spell, you hear no one say "UGH, another underwater film" like people tend to say "UGH, another boxing film".
Watch modern films that involve submarines: Das Boot, The Abyss, The Hunt for Red October, Crimson Tide ...
All are well considered as first -rate entertainment.
I am happy to join this U-571 group, which features Matthew McConaughey as Executive Director of a U.S.Sous-Marin Naval during the Second World War.
We learn that he was denied a recommendation for his own command by his superior (Bill Paxton).
The McConaughey crew then receives orders which they will do on a disabled German submarine to steal the Enigma, a German communication coding system which perplexed allied information.
However, the mission goes horribly badly, and therefore, McConaughey and only a handful of its crew (as well as a captured German) are trapped aboard the U-571 in enemy waters.
The first great thing about U-571 is the film's opening sequence.
The German crew of U-571 is attacked, which puts in motion the events of the rest of the film.
It's tense, exciting and fascinating.
And I applaud the filmmakers for not having broken out and keeping the whole sequence in German with English subtitles.
Most of the films with a scene so long would have panicked and would immediately pass the German crew.
Once the intrigue moves, U-571 gives us an action sequence after the action sequence, which makes the public wonder "OK, now how do they get out of it?".
The challenges continue to raise (a bit as in the executive decision, an excellent action thriller), and even if the public knows how the film will end, it is very fun to get there.
I only have two minor complaints on the whole film.
The first comes from the scenes that follow the opening sequence.
Although their objective is to present the characters to us and to start the story (which they do), I have the impression that it could have been done much faster and less conventionally.
I mean, did we really have to see the ship's crew at a wedding?
Because of this, you now know exactly what will happen to the groom!
My other reproach would be during the film's final.
There is an explosion that puts an end to the film which is one of the weakest CGI effects since the president's plane crashed into the ocean at the end of the Air Force One.
I cannot insist enough on this point ...
Until an CGI effect can be made to look like a model effect, respect the models.
Yes, U-571 is historically incorrect and there are surely a few details in the plot that people who have been aboard a submarine will tell you "which could not happen", but the general point of this filmis entertainment.
He succeeds fantastically.
[PG-13]