Quentin Tarantino seems to have a talent to give his stars large careers.
After his fiction Pulp, many actors began to receive many job offers.
John Travolta has returned and is now one of the most bancable stars today.
Bruce Willis has proven his actor chops and is now considered a real actor.
Jackie Brown, on the other hand, has a well -known casting, with the exception of the main head: Pam Grier.
You have probably heard of her and having seen her in films, but she has never really had a revolutionary performance (her first film was in the Roger Ebert beyond the Doll Valley).
That is to say so far.
Jackie Brown is a highly anticipated feature by Quentin Tarantino, the last film of which was the huge hit pulp fiction.
After mediocre acts, Tarantino returns to what made his name a household: directing and writing.
Jackie Brown is the result, and it is a fantastic entertainment.
Despite an excellent direction of Tarantino, the casting steals the film, giving a good performance after another.
Pam Grier gives an astonishing performance as Jackie Brown, and she is supported by an incredible mixture of talents - Samuel L.Jackson, Bridget Fonda, Michael Keaton, Robert de Niro and Robert Forster.
More than probably, you will see some of these names in the Pool of Oscars coming from Oscar nominations.
Describing a Quentin Tarantino film is very difficult, because you really can't say much or you spoil it for everyone.
I'm going to walk slightly.
Jackie Brown opens with an impressive plan by Jackie Brown (Grier) in a blue outfit that was walking at the airport.
The camera follows with it and ends up revealing its occupation.
We are also presented to orderll Robbie (Jackson), who sells illegal firearms to interested buyers ...
For a high price.
MS .Brown transports the buyer's money to orderll to keep the cops away.
However, an agent from the FBI (Keaton) and a Local. The cop (Michael Bowen) is there to find Orderll and catch it while taking the money.
They try to reach it by Beaumont Livingston (Chris Tucker), one of the buyers of order, but he mysteriously ends up dead.
They try again through Brown, but she hesitates to admit any evil.
But after having worked with the drugs without knowing the friends of Orderl (founded), she is taken and sent to prison.
Ordell pays his deposit thanks to a surety agent, Max Cherry (Forster), then wants to know what she said to the cops.
After claiming to have said nothing, she reveals the fact that she will speak to them about orderll to stay outside the prison.
Orderll does not like it, but they both offer a plan to throw the federal and the cops of their track.
This diet seems to go as expected, but the unexpected occurrence may or may not thwart their objective.
Revaluating more would spoil the pleasure of Jackie Brown, and it is the biggest reason to go see a film by Tarantino.
Tarantino seems to have a fascination for wage killers and unusual prediments (and the terms of slang), but they are always very well done and in a credible way.
Its willed killers are normally cruel, but pleasant, in this sort of unpleasant way.
They speak like normal people, except when they do business, and they are rude with their friends.
Of course, it's a Tarantino film, and you know you can expect certain clumsy situations to arise.
And maybe the biggest defect with Jackie Brown is the slow central section in which the pace begins to drop.
Of course, Tarantino corrects this by going to the peak of the film, adding a large part of his narration of style dogs of tank.
Things are told from a person's point of view, then another, then another, each time by learning more and more.
All this leads to a very interesting conclusion, which decides who is on the side of whom.
On the technical side of Jackie Brown, Quentin Tarantino directs him with the same style as with his 1994 film.
However, this The time surrounding it is not as impressive or original.
The writing, on the other hand, is quite good, although I find the use by Tarantino of offensive slang terms.
The story jumps in both directions in time as in Pulp Fiction, but it is much easier to understand.
His previous film needed a second visualization to understand the differentiation of time, but Jackie Brown is simply to follow, especially given the time when time is given during the "sers" in time.
This is perhaps the result of the written script of the novel "Rum Punch" by Elmore Leonard.
The dialogue is almost intelligent and all the characters are fully achieved.
The cinematography is very well done by Guillermo Navarro (who worked with Tarantino on previous films) and the edition is very good.
And as with Pulp Fiction, music is a highlight, bringing memorable songs from the 70s and 80s.
The temporary side of Jackie Brown is unforgettable.
The performances are incredibly rich, with a meaning hidden behind the actions of all the characters.
Nothing is quite as it seems, and you cannot really say which side is a person.
The real treat, of course, is Pam Grier which gives an amazing performance as Jackie Brown.
His bad living conditions are replaced by his superior minds, which play an important role in the film.
Looking at Grieg, I could say what was going on in her mind, even if I didn't know what she thought.
Her face depicts a lot of emotion that you can say when she is sad, happy or deep.
Bridget Fonda gives a very good performance as a drugged sofa potato.
I did not even know that it was founded before I saw his name in the final credits (his performance in fact reminded me of Heather Graham in Boogie Nights).
Michael Keaton appears very well, just like Michael Bowen.
Chris Tucker has a small but effective performance.
Samuel L.Jackson is very good, but it seems to me that he replayed his character from Jules Winnfield of Pulp Fiction (although much less cynical).
but whatever ...
Jackson is very strong in his role.
Robert de Niro is actually a little boring sometimes, but overall, he does a good job as one of the customers and friends of Ordell perspective.
Robert Forster gives one of the best performances in the film because he has one of the most developed characters.
He is present during most of the film, and he holds up against Jackson and Grier.
Jackie Brown is classified for the language, sex, violence, drug use and some offensive remarks.
As a film in itself, Jackie Brown is a great entertainment, with a complex plot to attract viewers.
However, you can't help but compare it to Pulp Fiction in Tarantino and expect great results.
Compared, it is short, but not so short.
It is a worthy effort, with a great game and an impressive writing of Elmore Leonard and Tarantino.
The best thing about Jackie Brown is perhaps the discovery of Pam Grier as a major Hollywood actress.
I do not remember having seen it in anything (except for a small role in the attacks of March!), But I hope that it will get much more roles of it.
Expect to see her name float around Oscar appointments (and I hope she can even enter one).