The American action film slowly drowned to death in a sea of Copycates of Asian wire.
It is not a pretty death, and it leaves tastes of Schwartzager, Stallone and Van Damme wearing galoshes in cement at the bottom of a sea of kung fu.
Sometimes the mixture results in a breathtaking spectacle unlike any other.
A quality action with incredible and exciting cascade work, as in the 1999 matrix, can be a real gem.
But too often, Hollywood is wrong, even when they reimburse the Chinese directors.
The flying ninjas and the floating masters of karate were replaced by detectives from the booming Bronx and scientists in slow motion.
It is especially laughable.
In the precipitation of Hollywood to imitate the success of the matrix, the choreography of the brand's Asian waterfalls has become more a joke than a form of art.
But Iron Monkey, the last Asian import, shows us how to do things well.
Iron Monkey (in fact a reissue of a 1993 film) is the story of a 19th Chinese vigilante (Rongguang Yu), fighting with his own style of Shaolin Kung Fu for the rights of oppressed and Vesthing of the Hungry.
But it is also a piece of the story of the legendary Chinese film, the hero Wong Fei-Hong, more recently seen in one of the most neglected films and perhaps the best of 2000, drunk Master 2 (released in the U.S.As a legend of drunk).
Unlike Drunken Master 2, which features Jackie Chan as Adult Fei-Hong, Iron Monkey finds a much younger fei-Hong (Sze-Man Tsang) and his father Wong Kei-ying (yen chi dan)Iron Monkey's'Slutter against oppression.
Iron Monkey succeeds as no Kung Fu movie from Drown Master 2. Samed, combat styles, especially that of Monkey himself, transform into the scintillating ridicule of films like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, the director Yuen WoenPing finally remembers bringing back his action scenes to Earth.
Iron Monkey is in his heart an action film Hardcore and Kung Fu rather than any kind of drama with the Crouching Tiger.
However, there are brief moments of depth shared between characters, such as those who pass between our hero out of law and his enemy with good hearts but badly, the leader Fox.
In these moments, and in others, Iron Monkey manages to transcend his insane nature of Kung Fu to touch the heart and mind of his audience.
Although he is in no way the equal of a masterpiece like Drunken Master 2, Iron Monkey dances fairly well to the song of Kung fu invasive.
Aka Siunin Wong Fei-Hung Tsi Titmalau.