At first glance, it seems that home films alone are brain -free slapsticks intended for those who have the minds of 8 -year -old children.
This is true for Home Alone 2 and I would bet money that it is true for Home Alone 3 (opening soon).
But the house alone actually has a lot to do, and the cartoon slapstick does not bother.
The Msalisters, all 15, go to France for the holidays.
Four adults and eleven children spend the night together before going to mass airport.
The smallest kid, Kevin, is the victim of the cruelty of older children.
Kevin's patience is exhausted when he learns that his cold pizza has already been eaten and that he will have to die of hunger.
He attacks his big brother intimidator Buzz, who was teasing him.
The fight disturbs the already chaotic dinner, overthrowing milk and soft drinks all over the table, some cousins and an uncle.
The instinctive reaction is for everyone to blame Kevin.
No one came to his rescue when he was teasing, but they point to all their fingers when he fights.
The ultimate punishment comes from mom (Catherine O'Hara) who sends her to the guest room in the attic for the night.
Going up on the stairs, he tells him that "families are zero" and that he hopes to never see his family again.
That night, the power turns off, eliminating the alarm clock, so the MCOLISTERS wake up in a great haste to get to the airport.
In a surprisingly plausible configuration, Kevin is wrongly and the family leaves without him.
It is interesting to note that, in a subtle way, his parents have never noticed him missing because of their deliberate desire to separate from their children.
They first delegate the workforce to an older brother, and secondly, they put all the children in coach while they fly in first class.
They are two thirds of the path through the Atlantic before realizing that a child is missing.
Meanwhile, Kevin thinks that his wish has come true.
He is finally rid of his family!
Life is a dream come true.
He can jump on the beds, watch classified R movies, eat ice cream swallows and pourse and search in the secret box of his big brother.
Slowly, the novelty wear out and he settles in the ordinary.
He is preparing, he does the laundry, he shopping ("I bought milk, eggs and a fabric softener").
He also begins to miss his family, not only for their business, but for the security they bring.
The furnace in the basement is a scary monster, the old man next door is a murderer of snow, and two crooks try to enter his house.
Macaulay Culkin is cute but he is not really an actor.
However, we can see that the character of Kevin is developing, thanks to a good direction and publishing.
For example, the game is not much to do with the emotional impact of the scene where Kevin is looking for a seasonal Santa Claus at night, just like "Santa" goes up in his car.
Kevin asks the man to transmit his request - he wants his family to come back - to the real Santa Claus.
He learned to manage the furnace.
You turn on the lights and it is no longer so scary.
He goes to a church one evening and there he sees the murderer of Snow-Phel, who turns out to be a kind man.
They talk about their fears and Kevin learns that age alone is no less scareing you.
Finally, in the last 20 minutes, Kevin confronts his last fear - the bandits, head on (literally).
This last act is full of violent comic slapstick, and after the real dramatic configuration of the film, it is dessert.
It's very fun, and it does not overcome the rest of the film.
Overall, Home Alone is an excellent vacation film.
John Williams' original partition has the sound and feeling of holiday music without the disadvantage of being overvalued in shopping centers, and the Christmas frame can put you in the mood for these family gatherings.
But he has his faults.
The smallest problem is that ass Parents do not act very well.
As I have already said, it is cute, but the repeated views reveal more about the way Columbus has covered itself than on Culkin's insight on his character.
The biggest problem is that during the comic coda, the bad guys threaten Kevin's life about five times.
Instead of "I'm going to have this child", they say "I will kill this child".
Some might say that the tone is the same, but I have great disagreement.
Mixing comedy with specific and viable threats of murder is a socio -speaking misstep.
I will probably never see at home 3, and I would have liked to have jumped at home alone 2, but I like the house alone almost every year.
Do not leave your impressions on others harm the original, which has much more to offer than animated caric.