When Beau Hall, 17, (Jonathan Tucker, "The Virgin Suicides") puts himself in a car accident after drinking with his 30 -year -old companion, the owner of the club Darby Reese (Josh Lucas, "Session 9"), hisMom, Margaret (Tildaswinton, "The War Zone") pays a visit to Reese to convince him to leave his son alone.
Instead, Reese goes to the Maison du Lac Tahoe and attracts Beau to the house of the boat where Beau learns that her mother was right on Reese.
The next morning, Margaret discovers Darby's corpse on their beach and, suspecting the worst, sins in a part distant from the lake.
But her problems are just beginning, because she soon learns with the arrival of singer Alek Spera (Goran Visnjic, "Practical Magic") in "The Deep End".
The incredibly pale Scottish actress with Red Head Swinton immerses herself in the role of the reserved American super-maman whose life revolves around the function of the needs of her three children and her stepfather Jack (Peter Donat "").
It shows great strength while allowing other emotions to shine - discomfort to challenge Reese in her gay nightclub (named The Deep End), near the panic of having to dive towards her body to recover the keys to the car, or evenironic humor when trying to try to try to try to try to try to attempt to try to try to attempt to try to try to attempt to try to try to attempt toTrying to attempt to attempt to try to try to try to attempt to try Queobte Jack's help becomes desperately badly communicated.
Little by little, her loneliness becomes apparent (her husband is a naval officer, generally at sea) when her attempts to send him concerns about Beau are deleted and later, when a most unusual romance, but chaste,becomes tragic.
It's a great performance.
The Stendahl syndrome type script, adapted from the black novel by Elisabeth Sanxay Holding, "The Blank Wall", directors Scott McGehee and David Siegel, would be incredible without Swinton and his Costar Visnjic.
Alek Spera is a bad side of the loser of the tracks that arrives after Reese's body has been discovered.
He shows Margaret a beautiful video band with sex with Reese and demands $ 50,000 or he will give the band to the Reno police.
Subsequent visits will go backwards and upside down, because he comes to admire and even love the woman he has undertaken blackout.
There is still another problem, however - its partner Nagle (Raymond Barry, "Dead Man Walking") is a harder carrot criminal who will not get up until his share of money is delivered.
Visnjic's dark and brooded turn has an interior shade which makes us believe that he is the victim of circumstances and environment.
His reversal is palpable while he testifies to the inherent decency of Margaret and his work environment.
Tucker is also exceptional as beautiful, which has a great arc of character and no deunt with his mother.
At the start, Beau is the typical gloomy teenager.
"You suffer from this out of proportion," he said about his concerns about Reese, without understanding that his mother has sufficient perspicacity for having divided the true nature of the relationship.
While his mother penetrates more and more deeply by trying to hide a crime that he did not commit, beautiful is wary of his actions and his new visible companions, of reversal tables.
Her first black eye becomes her divided lip later.
Although the two can never be completely honest with each other, their love for each other goes strongly.
The directors ("suture") have a firm socket on their equipment and their casting.
The story is built perfectly with bold blows in the midst of a myriad of more subtle foundations.
Water imaging is constant (a foreignly precipitated first plane of green turns out to be a young boy cleaner an aquarium).
The Giles Nuttgens cinematography ("Fire"), which won the Sundance Festival Award 2001, is clear and surprisingly clear.
The Tahoe locations and the design of the production of Kelly McGehee and Christopher Tandon provide a double personality for the film, contrasting the calm and easy existence of the lake against the city of reno.
 "The Deep End" is a complex story of domino and s actions changing relationships.
Take the plunge.