City of Angels is the kind of love story that I appreciate the most: reflection, movement and completely non -sentimental.
I find it interesting that this film was released the same day as my giant, which is a film completely undone by its miserable sentimentality.
City of Angels is a wonderful film, improved by interesting and well -balanced characters and some of the most immersive images of the last two years.
It is a love story that takes the themes of a familiar angel and makes them new and necessary for history, and avoids most of the clichés that we are so used to seeing in films like this.
City of Angels is an apparently loose remake of the 1988 Wings of Desire film Wim Wenders.
I have not yet seen any wings of desire, so I am unfortunately incapable of making a comparison of the two.
I heard that City of Angels was different from the original in many ways, which makes me happy that this film is not a scam of its source equipment.
Nicolas Cage embodies Seth, an angel who, like all his angel counterparts, is present to lead the dying to paradise (or somewhere like that).
One day, he is forced to take the life of a patient from Dr.Maggie Rice (Meg Ryan), and his attention is drawn to him.
Angels can be seen to humans, but they cannot feel any of the senses (above all, touch).
He shows himself to Maggie, and she falls in love with him, ignoring that he is not slightly unavailable because of his status of appearance.
Seth wants to become human so that he can feel him.
It was at this point that he met Nathaniel Messinger (Dennis Franz), "former celestial messenger and recent addition to the human race".
 (As a secondary note, I found that Messinger was the most fascinating character, because I can only imagine how incredibly liberating he had to live what is beyond death.)
Messinger explains to Seth that it is possible for angels to become humans.
Seth manages to convince Maggie that he is an angel (I know, it seems ridiculous, but the scene in which she discovers is exceptionally well done); after many deliberations, she tells him that she could only be with aman who can feel.
Of course, it is when Seth decides to take the (literally) building of a building; when it wakes up from the fall, it is human and happy to feel what it is to have a divided lip and theSulfos of his forehead.
As I love this film so much, I will make a minor note that it is certainly not perfect.
Although it is original and fascinating, it falls prey to some of the genre shots.
The plot of the history of the writer Dawn Steel is rather formula (although the details are what makes the story excellent, and Steel did an excellent job with them).
The end could also have been more powerful and less predictable.
These elements are minors, however, and barely naked to my general enjoyment of the city of angels.
The game is superb of all the people involved.
It may be my second favorite cage performance (my favorite being the rock).
He is silent and thoughtful, and his eyes are engaging when he speaks his sweet words.
It is perfect for a role like this, and at the same time, he reassures us that he is not linked by playing the psycho (although he is good in this area, as he shows in front / off).
Meg Ryan is a powerful, attractive and attractive actress, and her work here is some of her best.
Dennis Franz, however, steals all his scenes like the old energetic anangus.
What I admire the most in City of Angels is its global presentation.
The director Brad Silberling is a talented man, and he knows that a story like this is motivated by the characters, rather than forced sentimentality.
His direction is stable, and he shows this in almost all stage: near the beginning, Maggie must tell a mother and his two children that their father died.
There is no music or a work of an elaborate camera; Simply see characters' reactions to information.
This is how the stories must be told, and the strength of the scenes resonates more completely when the emotions are real.
The film also calls on the senses in a way that few stories love.
The director of photography John Seale (the English patient) provides some of the most amazing images that I saw on the big screen: hundreds of angels dressed in black are held on a dark beach the early hours of the morning (as an example).
The music, by Gabriel Yared (also from the English patient), is perfect for this film: it is calm music and bad mood (but not sentimental!), And adds to the atmosphere and to the tone.
The visual presentation of City of Angels is easily the best of 1998 so far.
All of this is added to a film that is instantly apart from other members of this kind.
It is a film that is based on the development of the characters and the imagery to pass the story - the excellent actors and the values of professional production make City of Angels one of these rare films that entertained and instigatedsimultaneously.