Ingredients: Evangelist to luck, in church
Synopsis: Sonny Dewey (Robert Duvall) is a tireless Texas Pentecostal preacher who unexpected his wife (Farrah Fawcett) in bed with another guy.
In a regrettable crime of passion, he takes a baseball bat at the head of the guy and suddenly finds himself a fugitive for murder, and far from his wife and two children.
To atone for his sins, Sonny fled to a rural city of Bayou in Louisiana and baptizes himself like a new creature - - the apostle E.F. As the apostle E.F. The main mission of Sonny is to rekindle an abandoned religious community andto preach the gospel at the local radio station.
Soon he maintains to resuscitate the road temple from a road to the sky.
But Sonny knows that his time is short; one day the police will find it.
Opinion: This film is a stimulating look at an evangelist in real terms.
I believe that Robert Duvall (who is the producer, the director, the writer and the main star of the apostle) deserves an Oscar for his performance as Sonny the religious crusader - - a performance that is so complex and realistic that'She classifies as one of the most beautiful actor on the film.
The representation of Duvall of a real believer is authentic, superb and inspired; it offers the public a completely honest look at the religion of the South, as well as a portrait of a fallible and complicated man motivated by his beliefs.
By the way, in real life, Duvall was just as "motivated" to advance the project.
Given that no big Hollywood studio wanted to risk funding a complex film on an evangelist, the apostle as a project is sleeping for almost 13 years before Duvall could do it, paying for its production with its own money (About five million dollars).
In terms of impactful realism and representation and characters, the apostle would be classified as one of the best films of this decade, and I forcefully recommend the apostle for the connoisseurs of the scene and the beautiful actor on the film.
Likewise, those who have a steep background in Pentecostal Christianity would find the apostle stimulating experience.
On the other hand, the main force of the apostle - - Duvall's preaching - is also what limits the target audience of the apostle.
In terms of intrigue and pure entertainment value, the apostle is certainly not for everyone.
Adolescents, action fans, comedy fans and people who find the church completely boring should stay far from this film, because three -quarters of the film watch Sonny preach in church.
In other words, the apostle is a four -star performance, but with a very limited audience.