Moviemaking is a bit like being the managing director of an NFL team in the post -Salaire era - you should know how to allocate your resources.
Each dollar spent on a defensive free agent tackle is a dollar less that you cannot spend on seconds or security or centers.
In the NFL, this leads to teams like the Detroit lions, which boast of a superstar flowing with a huge contract, but can only five guys named Herb to block for him.
In films, you end up with films like "Spawn", with a huge budget for special effects but not enough money to hire recognizable actors.
Jackie Chan is the Movisemaking Barry Sanders.
He turns and sucks on the screen like Sanders which overlap the defensive line.
Watch Jackie in Operation Condor as he leads his motorcycle in the crowded streets of Madrid, fleeing an armada of pursuers in identical black cars, recalls that Sanders runs for daylight with the hot chicago bears, exceptThat Sanders did not worry about saving baby cars on the run.
But as the Lions star, Jackie has no one to block for him.
Almost all the cents that are invested in a Jackie Chan film opt for waterfalls, and as Chan is doing his own stunts, the rest of the money will pay her hospital bills.
This leaves around 75 cents to pay things like directors (Chan Creed), scripts and dubbing and support characters, not to mention the hideous title sequence.
This also explains why the film was shot in strange places like Morocco and Spain.
 (Chan's first outing in this country, "Rumble in the Bronx", was planned in New York, but was filmed in Vancouver, and in the hunting scenes, the Canadian rocks are clearly visible.)
Heck, Jackie doesn't even have enough money for a haircut, it looks like a personal hairdresser.
In Condor, Chan plays the same character that he has always played, himself, a mixture of Bruce Lee and Tim Allen, a Kung-Fu master and Slapstick-Fu.
Jackie is sent by the UN to recover a Nazi gold cache lost in the North African desert, and is chased by a horde of neonazi sympathizers and two stereotypical Arabs (one of the things I like in theJackie Chan movies: no policy).
He is joined by three women, who have little to do except shout, "Jackie, save us!", And abusive firearms.
The villain is an old Nazi whose legs were broken in the secret base so that it must be transported everywhere, and it is more pathetic than evil.
On the way, we have an extended motorcycle prosecution scene, a hilarious fight in the Moroccan version of Motel 6 with the neonazis, and two confrontations with wild natives.
Once at the base of the secret desert, there is a long sequence of Chop-Socky, followed by the centerpiece of the film, a wind fight which is even better than that in front / OFF.
It was there that the money was spent, for sequences of Kung-Fu well choreographed, on giant bullets of Hamster Kevlar, on broken bananas and scorpions boxes.
Ignore the gaping holes in the plot (how, exactly, if the bad guys' legs were broken, is it escaped at the secret Nazi base, and why did he not take the key with him?).
Do not worry about production values, or what exactly the Japanese girl was doing hitchhiking across the Sahara.
Go see the film.
Operation Condor has claims to be a Knockoff "Raiders of the Lost Ark", but one wonders what Jackie could do with the blocking of the Raiders franchise for him - with a scenario of Lawrence Kazdan, a score of JohnWilliams, Spielberg realizing and George Lucas Produce, producer, Condor could be an A +film.
However, you have to go with what you have, and what you have to Jackie Chan is something special - a talent that Hollywood traditional should, could and should use.