Essentially, Good Will Hunting is an ordinary story that has told.
Taken as a whole, there are few special things in this story - she follows a traditional narrative path, leaves the public with a warm and blurred feeling and never really challenges us.
But it is intelligently written (with a sometimes brilliant dialogue), strongly directed and well played.
Thus, while Good Will Hunting is far from being an end-of-year masterpiece, it is a valid entertainment sample.
Like Scent of A Woman, which was published towards this period of the season five years ago, Good Will Hunting concerns the improbable friendship that develops between a veteran las of the world and an arrogant young man.
The formula of the two films is similar - the two directors learn from each other because they slowly break their barriers on the path of a better understanding of life and their place - but the characters are different.
The Slade of Al Pacino was an individual larger than life; Sean McGuire by Robin Williams is much more subtle.
And Matt Damon's hunting uses the pugnacious to supplant the blandness of Charlie de Chris O'Donnell.
Will is an individual in difficulty.
As a child, he was frequently the victim of abuse.
Orphan, he was regularly in the reception houses.
Now, not yet 21, he has accumulated an impressive rap sheet.
It has a short temperament and very small incident can trigger it as a spark in a amabre box.
But it is a mathematical genius with a photographic memory and the ability to design simple solutions to complex problems.
While working as a concierge at the MIT, he is delighted to prove theorems anonymously on the black paintings of the hall of the mathematical building.
Then, one evening, his anonymity is broken when Professor Lambeau (Stellan Skarsgard) catches him at work.
Will runs away, but Lambeau finds him.
Unfortunately, when the teacher finds him, Will is in prison for having attacked a police offer.
The judge agrees to release Will under two conditions: that he spends one day a week to meet Lambeau and spent one day a week meeting a therapist.
Finally, once several psychologists have rejected the young man belligerent, Sean McGuire, professor at the Bunker Hill Community College, agrees to take the case.
After a difficult start, the two form a report and will start exploring the problems and the emotions he had spoken behind a breathtaking armor.
And, as his self-awareness will advance in sessions with Sean, he also learns the friendship of his boyfriend, Chuckie (Ben Affleck), and the love of a Harvard co-ed named Skylar (Minnie Driver).
The script, by the Co-Stars Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, is not a piece of revolutionary literature, and sometimes uses shameless manipulation.
The characters are well developed, however, and there are times when dialogue sparkles positively.
At one point, Will says that a session with Sean turns into a "moment of choice of tasting".
Later, Will gives a brilliant and breathless rant against the NSA which has the rhythm of something written by Kevin Smith.
 (Note: Since Smith Co-Executive produced the good will of hunting, it is not out of the question that he had a certain contribution to this scene.)
The director Gus Van Sant (Drugstore Cowboy, to die for) reduces a true emotion of his actors, which results in several affecting and powerful scenes.
There is a nervous nervousness of some of the Sean / Will therapy sessions, and off -screen chemistry between Matt Damon and Minnie Driver (which has become romantically linked when making this film) is effectively translated into the film - The Will relationship/ Skylar is electric.
Likewise, the company of Damon and Affleck appears in the relaxed nature of Will and the friendship of Chuckie.
Many individual scenes are strong enough to gain good in hunting for a recommendation, even if global history is somewhat generic. Matt Damon, who recently played as a young idealistic lawyer for Rainmaker, is solid (although not spectacular) like Will.
Minnie Driver (seen for the last time in Big Blank point) adds another solid performance to an increasing CV (and it is refreshing that it was allowed to keep British accent rather than having to try an American).
The exceptional performance of the film belongs to Robin Williams, whose Sean is sad and wise, funny and dark.
Without doubt the best dramatic work of the actor's career (alongside what he did in the Fisher King), the representation of Williams could make him the best appointment to the actor's Oscar.
Adequate support is provided by Ben Affleck (Chasing Amy) and Stellan Skarsgard (Breaking The Waves).
Like most of what before, the end of the good will of good will is completely predictable.
But responding to expectations and following a familiar path are not always bad things in a film, provided that the film achieves these objectives with a minimum of style and attention to detail.
Good Will Hunting makes both and, consequently, wins a note proportionate to the "good" in the title.