Do you want to know the truth about cats and dogs?
do you ?
Well, as this film shows us, they make good companions but pale in relation to the joy and the fulfillment that romantic relationships can bring.
Unfortunately, there is a giant obstacle put in place in our culture that only some people can pass while the rest of us strikes outside, feeling sorry for ourselves.
A beautiful sort of checkpoint, and the character of Janeane Garafolo, Abby, relates well.
Like a certain criticism of oversized teenage cinema, it is intelligent and has a great sense of humor, but launches with the opposite sex because it considers itself physically unattractive, and men seem to support it on this subject.
Meanwhile, her magnificent neighbor Nora (Uma Thurman ...
Uma being the only name of woman worse than nora) attracts men like flies.
As Abby tells him, "you rose and they think it's cute.
You barf and they line up to hold your hair. "
But Nora addresses herself to be too shallow and superficial.
We all have our Prwhen A man calls for the radio show of Talk Veterinan Abby who wants to know how to remove the skates on wheels of his Basset Dog.
 (Oh come on, everything I silly knows how to manage this problem!)
He loves his personality and his professional behavior and asks to meet her in person.
Abby, however, knows that her body does not correspond to her personality and that she will probably have no chance with him once he will see her.
She therefore gives him the description of the body of Nora and lifts him.
Nora happens to be in the studio the next day when the dog passes and Abby asks him for a great favor.
She accompanies the masquerade and the three head for a night of pleasure, Abby assuming the role of a producer of goat cheese named Donna.
The dog man discovers even if this girl is beautiful, she is not as intellectual or confident about her in person, but he does not suspect anything, realizing that he does not live in an episode of "three societies".
The masquerade continues, Abby advancing the relationship by phone (including a resolutely useless sex / masturbation sequence) and nora by pursuing it in person, while finally being attracted by the dog man.
Like sleepless in Seattle, this comedy / romance is predictable throughout, but we care enough about the characters on which we hug them and we go romance.
The truth about cats and dogs is not as entertaining as I expected it to be, but it manages a theme that I could identify with.
The fact is that I find Janeane Garafolo rather attractive.
She is not UMA but I am sure that in real life, she would have no problem attracting men.
On the other hand, I could not attract a man to save my life ...
And I am rather proud of this.