In _daylight_, Sylvester Stallone does not break the new land, cinematographically, but it covers the familiar territory fairly well.
Yesterday, when I did my things in the university bookstore, I noticed this stand with these film posters _Daylight_.
I had never heard of the film, so I stopped to check it.
It turned out that they offered free pass to the film for people who had or applied for the credit card they offered.
So, I brought my shoulders, thought: "Hey, they will probably not give me the card anyway, and I could always use a free film", so I signed up.
Overall, I don't think I had a bad problem either.
Rob Cohen, who previously brought us films such as _Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story_ and, more recently, _dragonheart_ (gee, I wonder if he likes dragons for any reason?
You think?), Now brings us a very well executed disaster image, with FX of Industrial Light and Magic, on the effects after the effects of an explosion that erases an occupied tunnel between New York and New Jersey.
Sylvester Stallone plays Kit Latura, which is essentially a carbon copy of the character he played in _cliffhanger_: a paramedical paramedic because he made a mistake that made people killed.
When the crisis strikes, it is in the right place at the right time and takes on itself to enter and get everyone.
There are also other similarities with _cliffhanger_; the only real difference is perhaps that _cliffhanger_ had a villain, where the villain of _daylight_ is a nature mother.
In fact, if the two films had been made in Hong Kong, it could have been entitled _Cliffhanger II _- He has the same relationship with this film as most of the "Sequels" of HK "made to their predecessors.
The first half hour of _daylight_ is configured.
The sub -intrigues are woven and the mechanism of the disaster is assembled.
We meet all the important people ... Drivers of toxic waste trucks; a young frustrated, frustrated, jilté, rejected; a family has trouble staying together; an older couple and their dog; a truck ofprisoners; an advertising agency manager; a tunnel police officer; Stallone; and others.
We look at the trucks to roll towards their destination; we look at Stallone and so many others leading to the tunnel for their various reasons.
And then, thirty minutes in the film, _boom_.
And it's a big one.
> From there, it's Sly Stallone at the rescue.
And the rescue he does, enduring the batteries, the blows, the falls, the repeated immersion in the water at 34 degrees, the explosions, the mud, the rats and the constant reversals, before saving the day, ofSneaky style.
again ... there is
Nothing new here.
And yet it is not necessary.
The pleasure of _daylight_ is not in history but in execution.
The special effects are first -rate, thanks to industrial light and magic, and the overall distribution works well together.
Once the film struck his stride, he transports the spectator until the arrival, with very few pots along the way.
This review is Copyright 1996 by Christopher E.meadows.
Authorization granted for distribution by Rec.Arts.Films .Avis and all associated archives.
Authorization granted by free redistribution via cyberspace as long as this message remains attached.
All other rights reserved for the author.