Robert Redford is very good at playing characters who have incredible gifts and given by God, but who are able to act like ordinary people.
In "The Natural" (1984), he played the fallen angelic character of Roy Hobbs, the baseball player who was intended to be "the best who was ever", but who has always acted as a humble farm boy.
In "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" (1969), he was the most dangerous blow in the West, but he came out like a charming of beautiful children.
Even in "Indecent Proposal" (1993), where he played a man who was so good to earn money that he thought he could buy love, Redford was always able to release a shy decency arara, especiallyDuring the recitation of a lost love story.
In his latest film, "The Horse Whisperer", based on the best -selling novel by Nicholas Evans, Redford again plays such a character.
Redford also made the film although he swore from top to bottom that he would never realize in a film - I suppose that the character of Tom Booker, a man who has the incredible gift of understanding and to communicate in someLooking with the horses, was simply too beautiful for High Passeren.
Despite his enormous and rare gift when it comes to training in troubled horses (a magazine article focuses on the "Horse Whisperer" sentence to describe his strange talent), Booker considers himself a daily livestock breeder whoseThe biggest fear is aging and will have more in life.
Booker's talents are taxed on the service by Annie Maclean (Kristin Scott Thomas), a editor -in -chief of New York magazine whose daughter, Grace (Scarlett Johansson), recently had a horrible accident.
The accident, which is filmed with a heartbreaking horror, occurs when Grace and his best friend are riding a horse - an eighteen wheels kills Grace's friend, seriously hurts and traumatizes Grace's horse, thePilgrim, and causes part of his partial right to the Right Jumber.
Annie thinks that if Pilgrim can be healed, Grace will also be healed, which leads her to Booker.
At first, she tries to bring Booker to New York to see the horse, but it doesn't work.
Instead, she wraps Grace and Pilgrim, leaves her husband, Robert (Sam Neill) behind, and heads for the Rolling Hills of Montana where Booker runs a ranch with his brother, Frank (Christ Cooper), and his Belle-Sister, Diane (Dianne Wiest).
In many ways, the film is like a trip, both literally and symbolically.
West's move has always been a great American tradition of renewal, and it is difficult not to see Annie and thanks to Manhattan for Montana as a variation on the classic theme of City vs.Pays.
In "The Horse Whisperer", the country is clearly the winner.
The city is characterized by claustrophobia and misfortune, and it is only when the characters arrive in the great outdoors of Montana that Grace's anger to be physically and emotionally paralyzed to dissipate, the controlling nature of Anniebegins to relax, and the pilgrim learns once more confidence to people.
Redford is just as in love with the country of the Grand Montana in this film as it was when he made "A River crosses" six years ago.
In many ways, "The Horse Whisperer" comes from the same poetic vein as "River", and the film could probably be a good fifteen minutes shorter if Redford had decided to spend less camera time on the grass and theMountains.
But then it would ruin magic.
A large part of the film's photography is really elegant, and this creates a palpable meaning of the pure expansion of the earth.
To emphasize this more, Redford and the director of photography Robert Richardson ("Natural Born Killers", "Plato") have cheated a little while turning the start of the film - which takes place in New York - with cooler blue filters andhard and a more square1. Tracking with appearance 85: 1; when the action moves to Montana, Richardson goes to soft and natural lighting, and the screen widens at a 2.35 : 1 appearance report.
Regarding history itself, "The Horse Whisperer" gives us the same romantic vision of adultery found in "A Brief Encounter" by David Lean (1945) and the adaptation of Clint Eastwood in 1995 by "The Bridges du Comté de Madison "by Robert James Waller" (Richardlagravenois, co-screen here, also adapted "bridges").
Although "The Horse Whisperer" has a strong romantic sensitivity, I always find something strangely disturbing in this kind of story.
It seems to me that there should be a certain sympathy for the husband who is left for this brief affair which has made a crush, but there is rarely.
In "The Horse Whisperer", the ungrateful role of being the husband Fuddy-Duddy falls to Sam Neill.
He plays the character as a decent and hardworking man who is a good husband and father; his only failure is that he loves his wife more than she loves him.
He may lose Annie against Booker not because he did anything to chase her, but simply because he happens to be a normal and not very inspiring man.
There is a scene that is particularly revealing of what the film feels about each character.
He shows that Booker and Robert entering a horse pen - Booker is dressed like a classic cowboy with a hat and everything, while Robert looks a little frumpy and out of place on a baseball cap.
As they enter the pen, Booker undoubtedly balances the fence, while Robert hesitates, then opens the door and, in a clumsy moment, forget to close it behind him.
It's a little scene, but it clearly demonstrates the full love of the film for the character of Booker for his romantic roughness.
After all, Booker represents everything that is good in the city while Robert represents everything that is banal and unnatural.
The best scenes of "The Horse Whisperer" tend to involve not the construction romance between Booker and Annie, but rather the healing process of grace and her horse.
Although the methods of boooking horses are mythical and unrealistic, the scenes with him and the pilgrim are strangely fascinating.
These are parallel to the scenes between him and grace, some of which are humorous, and all tender and true.
At one point, I wanted the film to drop the angle of the whole romance and focus more on grace.
Nevertheless, Redford is obviously a romantic in the soul, and it brings a light touch to the erotic moments of the film.
There are no dramatic sex scenes, but there is a moving scene when he and Scott Thomas are slow, are always closer and more and more erotic than any scene scene in sweatgathering.
Although the film is longer than it should be and is essentially a melodramatic tearful with an unsatisfactory conclusion which guarantees misfortune for almost all the characters, there are enough moments like the one who makes "the whisperHorse "is worth the entry price.