One of the biggest shots of any serial killer film is also one of the most credible.
You know, the one where the detective looks at a wall of photos and other police information, and suddenly locates the index that reveals who is the killer.
Of course, it was used over and over again, but for any reason, it's always fun to look at.
This snapshot almost describes the level on which girls work: surutilized, but always fun.
One of my personal rules on the search for a film is not to what extent the film is original, but how it goes in its story.
This rule greatly applies to embracing girls.
There is something psychologically stimulating in a well -designed serial killer film, and Kiss The Girls is certainly well done.
However, the whole film shouts inoriginally, and it is therefore based on the power of its actors and the technical details to shoot it.
Well, not only are the actors able to shoot it, but they add so much to the film that almost every defect is covered.
Unfortunately, one of the most revealing and insulting choices of filmmakers (the one that Seven, a film a bit like this, knew not to make) was to put the name of the killer in the opening credits.
This can give the actor a credit for the role, but throughout the film, hidden in my mind, I expected that it appears on the screen, which has spoiled the mystery.
However, a credit must be granted to the director for having suspended this knowledge through most of the film.
Plotwise, Kiss The Girls shows almost no originality.
We are presented to the detective Alex Cross (Morgan Freeman), a medical-legal psychologist, and immediately we are given the cliché scene by establishing it as the hero.
He receives a call on a woman who shot her husband and now threatens to commit suicide.
Obviously, Cross managed to get the weapon, but this scene is quickly forgotten during the next scene.
At his house, it is said that his Neice, Naomi (Gina Ravera), has disappeared for four days.
This offers the motivation of cross to find the killer, but we never have the possibility of establishing the relationship between the two, and consequently, we cannot sympathize with the detective cross.
However, what makes slightly original girls kiss is the introduction of one of the kidnapped ...
Before it is removed.
Dr. Kate McTiernan (Ashley Judd, the actress of the Judd family) is an intelligent athletic woman, and because of these features, becomes a target for Casanova - which the serial killer likes to be called.
Because of these scenes that develop characters, we care about McTiernan, which makes the abduction scene quite more suspense.
After being removed, McTiernan wakes up and finds himself in a cell somewhere in the woods.
Remembering that the killer gave her certain rules, she decides to break one of them by shouting.
When Casanova punishes her, she breaks out and escapes, jumping over a waterfall.
After being found, she begins to help find her Neice.
From this moment, Kiss The Girls takes the form of all the other films of serial killers, while the two tracks seek the rest of the victims detained in captivity.
Many people will compare this film to Seven from 1995, another killer film with Morgan Freeman, but I suppose that the similarities are intentional.
The script, by David Klass, is adapted from the novel written by James Patterson, and yet I do not really see how this story could have worked in new form.
What makes Kiss the Girls so good, it is action game and technical and visual emptiness.
Cinematography, by Aaron Schneider, remembers seven, and sometimes I felt that a lot of blows were trying too hard to impress us.
Sometimes a simple blow is the best.
However, many shots are superb, and unlike seven, most of them take place during the day, in the sun.
The scene where Ashley Judd runs through the The forest is extremely well done, in addition in a way.
The work of the camera is great, but the publishing means that this scene works so well.
The chaotic and MTV type cut gives the public a feeling of confusion and dissatisfaction, exactly what the character of Judd experiences.
However, the best aspect of Kiss The Girls is its actors.
Morgan Freeman is one of the most powerful and credible actors today.
Detective Cross is a very good character for him, although it is just a similar to the character in seven.
Due to the powerful presence of Freeman, he carries half of the film by himself.
The other half is carried by Ashley Judd, one of the most promising dramatic actresses today.
In fact, its performance is better than that of Freeman, if this is even possible.
Her character is more original than that of Freeman, and she manages it wonderfully.
We finally have a female character in a film like this one that more than shouting.
The support distribution is very underdeveloped, but the actors do as much as they can.
Cary Elwes represents a cop in North Carolina and unfortunately has leftovers for a character.
Tony Goldwyn is a little better, but we don't learn to know his character either.
Gina Ravera gives a good performance, but again, she is not in many scenes.
So, following all these small support pieces, the weight of the film lies on the two tracks, and they do phenomenal work.
Some of the best actors of this kind and some of the best players of the year.
Two other essential aspects of the film are quite good.
Director Gary Fleder does a good job to control his actors, but the second half of the film loses its credibility, especially during the revelation of the killer.
Nor does he manage the suspense scenes as a better director, losing a lot of tension for many scenes.
However, on his credit, he manages a formidable first half.
Part of the blame falls on David Klass.
I am sure that the book has developed a lot of lower characters, but Klass focuses on both main parts.
Although this can give the two leads more time, many small characters are unidimensional and the killer, when revealed, is extremely incredible.
Thanks to the intelligent dialogue adapted from the novel, Kiss The Girls always seems intelligent.
None of the conversations are laughable and everything advances the plot without seeming to be forced.
One of the biggest problems I had with the film was the killer's motif.
I mainly blame this on the casting director, because the killer's reason is due to the rejection of women (at least I suppose the opening monologue), but the killer himself is very attractive (one of my friends is a, let's say, the killer's greatadmiper).
Kiss the Girls is classified R for terror, violence, language and suggested sex.
With all the incorrects of this film, and with the second mediocre half, Kiss The Girls manages to have fun carefully.
In fact, I wanted to see him just again for performance.
The cinematography adds a lot of mood to the already scary tone, and the script is generally intelligent.
It is clearly one of those films that is based on the game to shoot it.
Morgan Freeman is perhaps the most convincing actor today, and Ashley Judd adds a new notch on his actor belt.
I must also say that I loved the end.
The confrontation between good and evil was quite tense, and the resolution of the scene encourages almost anyone to applaud.
It may not be possible, but most of the film is not anyway.