"He's back, and it's time."
was the motto of this pilot of the television series (I call him a pilot, I don't care what Fox Network says)) Revival of the British Classic Cult TV show, Doctor Who, which has caused any series, thiswhich means that there are no directors of the intelligent Networkl, not exactly news for many people, I know).
The motto was well chosen.
The series was simple, it was this time, a Lord scientist called the doctor with thirteen lives who went to a type of forty space called a late surpassing all kinds of extraterrestrial bad guys, including the Daleks Evil, and the master, who appears in this characteristic, played very badly by Eric Roberts.
As well as it is, something is missing to make sure it was really Doctor Who.
Is it the game?
surely not !
Paul McGann is just as good as all the other other guys who played the doctor (including his predecessor and off -screen friend Sylvester McCoy, who appears once again for the regeneration scene).
He looks good for the role, is a brilliant actor and slips effortless into the role, as my two favorites Jon Pertwee and Tom Baker.
Daphne Ashbrook brings courses to his role as Dr. Grace Holloway, the first companion of the doctor whom he kisses on the screen, she is not your typical female company who shouts and spends her free time making coffee for theDoctor, she is a difficult and spunky American, and Ashbrook shows it.
The young Yee Jee Tso is promising as Chang Lee, and I have seen him in other things in which he generally plays the punk kid who dies in the end (this film included), which, in my humble opinion,waste his talent.
The only problem with the game is Eric Roberts.
Once, he had to say to McGann's doctor, "I always dress for the occasion."
But he broke it and said it so slowly that he followed him like a song byrie, "I always .... ... ...
dress ...
for the occasion ."
You need a less slow and less dependent actor to move his hands to act, and who is also British, as McGann is as a doctor.
Executive producer Phil Segal said he had been launched because Fox insisted for having an American star in the role.
I don't know who thought about throwing it, but if they read this: News flash: Eric Roberts is not * a star!
He climbs on his sister's coagram tails, and any successful film he makes has nothing to do with him.
Is this problem kisses in the past?
They have references to the program so subtle that non-fans would not notice them, only the Whovians would do it, and they are good.
Is it the script or the film as a whole?
The script is a chic work, with a master who can spit out the mouth with his mouth and a nice dialogue, and the film as a whole is a fans to love, and it is a good autonomous visualization for non-faans to enjoyfrom the Serie.
so what is it ?
Simple: no route.
The master, on his last legs, sends the doctor to save him after the Daleks judged him on their planet Skaro and exterminated him.
The doctor tries to bring back his remains to Gallifrey, but they accidentally landed to San Francisco, 1999, December 31, where the master, with the help of the young hood Chang Lee, opens the eye of harmony, who will suck theLand through her in Ellemidnight if the doctor, with the help of a surgeon, Dr. Grace Holloway, does not close it by then.
practically no route.
I was told that the film would have presented the Daleks on the screen and started with more than one audience drama between the master and the Daleks, but a lot of rewriting took place on the set.
It shows how smart people, because it would have made the film much more interesting, and it would have obtained a note of four stars.