Zero Effect draws his title from the main character, Daryl Zero (Bill Pullman), although we did not understand what it really means until the very last line of dialogue of the film.
Zero is a private investigator, perhaps the best private investigator who has ever experienced (at least he would like to think).
However, it is a socially incompetent and eccentric being in all possible ways - this fact certainly makes its talents as an even more confusing private eye than they are already.
Zero's accomplice is Steve Arlo (Ben Stiller), a "normal" guy who makes the commercial side of work - it is he who really speaks to customers and explains the greatness of Zero as an instructor.
The opening scene explained the many virtues of Zero's talents to the next Gregory Stark client (Ryan O'Neal).
It turns out that Stark has lost a key against a safe and is now blackmailing for something he apparently knows.
Zero takes the case and the intrigue thickens.
Its path leads to a young paramedical named Gloria Sullivan (Kim Dickens).
Despite her luminous and apparently effortless presence, she turns out to be the only Stark.
Thanks to his surveys, Zero learns why, but not without developing feelings for Gloria - feelings which, because of his reclusive behavior, are new and confusing for him.
I have no particular affinity towards the mystery genre of the film.
I can lazily take films on private investigators and, from time to time, a film like Chinatown comes a long that listens to me (in fact, no private eye film has ever reached the greatness of Chinatown).
Zero Effect, who is Jake Kas's first effort as a writer / director, is a film about a private investigator who succeeds in all attempts: it is an original, funny and completely involving film.
With so many shots available to this kind, I find it incredible that Kasdan avoided them all.
But he did not just manage to avoid faults: he created a great film here, the one who interested me and fascinated the first time at the last moment.
Take, to start the mass distribution of characters.
Pullman is great as zero, showing a comic flair that I have really not seen from him since Spaceball.
Zero is the kind of guy who seems comfortable to change his personality as frequently as him here; the fact that he is an almost excessively twisted man and emotionally unstable outside of his profession is not at all difficult to believe.
Pullman's performance is much more superimposed than it seems at first glance, and the voiceover, while it goes through the movements of his work is insightful and often hilarious.
Ben Stiller is also a very funny individual; it is the kind of actor who makes the normal lines that seem funny.
 "I'm going to shoot you," he said to Stark at some point.
 "I have a gun, and everything."
Her character is also well drawn, with an interesting secondary intrigue involving her girlfriend (Angela Featherstone) who is not satisfied with the time he must spend away from her because of the unpredictability of her work.
O'Neal also gives his character a little depth; and Kim Dickens, seen for the last time (and underused) in Mercury Rising, is lucky to show us his talent here, giving Gloria the realism that this genrecharacter really needs.
I find no effect as an extremely funny and mind film.
Kasdan's humor is of the best type - sweet and above all focused on dialogue (although there are large visual jokes).
It is the kind of humor that is funny even after seeing it five or six times.
There is a scene in which Zero talks about his detachment, a how it makes him such a great detective.
What we see during this narration are various plans of him sitting on a bed, or standing without immmaturely, with his destroyed hair and a totally empty look painted on his unruted face, his eyes pointing to a day Hing out of the camera, but obviously in particular in particular.
I cannot send you how funny, but what makes it a great realization of films is that it has a point - scenes like this are frequent, and they provide solid characterizationof Zero.
In a secondary note, I do not consider myself as an average spectator with regard to comedy (not to appear elitist) - I find funny things that many do not do it, and vice versa.
There was a tuft of people near me in the theater by laughing up to this film, and the rest of the theater was relatively silent through most.
I have the feeling that humor here will not appeal to everyone, but there is certainly enough story and the development of characters to keep anyone's interest.
Jake Kasdan, son of the writer / director Lawrence Kasdan, is only 22 years old.
I discovered this after seeing the film, and I did not remember having been so impressed by a filmmaker.
His direction is elegant without being pretentious, and his writing is mature, full and developed.
Zero Effect is the kind of film I will buy for my collection-smart and original films like this are rare as it is, but it has in fact a heart and a soul.
At the end of the film, I was involved in the characters and I was satisfied with the result.
And, with the undeniable talent of Kasdan to such a young age, all I can do is hope for much more of him in the future.