Each time the studio leaders try to combine the successful formula of two successful films, the end result is always a scrap of script, action, realization and generally a waste of time for all audiences with an average Qi higher than40.
The latest Hollywood film film, the crew, also appeared to fail, a strange combination of grumpy old men and goodfellas launched with Richard Dreyfuss and Burt Reynolds who directed the ship.
What is frightening is that it is really entertaining and a breath of fresh air in this month otherwise stunned.
The crew works for several reasons.
The intelligent script recalls an old film by Billy Wilder, following four "premium" Wiseguys de Jersey who now live in Raj Mahal Apartment House in Miami Beach.
The Wiseguys find themselves expelled from their "golden paradise" by gourmet owners determined to raise rents for new beach rabbits and boys looking for a property by the sea.
The four gangsters, Bobby Bartellemeo (Richard Dreyfuss), Joey "Bats" tracklla (Burt Reynolds), Mike "La Brique" Donatelli (Dan Hedaya) and Tony "Mouth" Donato (Seymour Cassel) decide to hatch a program for Ycorpse hid the morgue to chase new tenants and keep their homes.
This "simple plan" suddenly becomes screwed, of course, and the boys get involved in a stripper by the name of Ferris (Jennifer Tilly) who wants her mother-in-law to be killed, a Latin paranoid drug lord who is convincedThat a mysterious rival came out to do it, and a lord with his tail on fire.
The crew works as a strong comic vehicle led by a large set of actors of talented characters and subtle leading men.
Instead of focusing on the search for Bobby for his daughter, the film gives time to screen equal to the four Wiseguys, balancing production.
The talents of actor veterans of the screen such as Dan Hedaya, Seymour Cassel and the Great Burt Reynolds are highlighted by the uniqueness and synergy of each character in the Wiseguy circle.
A solid support casting including Jeremy Piven as a boyfriend / cop / philandeur and Miguel Sandoval as a paranoid drug lord gives the most laughs.
The film was produced by Barry Sonnenfeld and wears a Get Shorty index with his energetic camera work by Michael Dinner, award -winning director of the Emmy Award The Wonder Years.
The rapid script written by Barry Fanaro, screenwriter of Kingpin, is carried by a lot of humor and subtly dry mind.
The crew is an excellent example of how a comedy is simple and in a dry mind.
The great thing is that this comedy does not need to be punctuated by bodily liquids, phallus symbols in the head or grandmothers giving the head in a spa.
In the constant flow of "extreme" comedy nowadays that flows from Hollywood as a main broken aquatic, it is older statesmen like Dreyfuss, Reynolds and Hedaya who can transport a comic arc with only a few weapons ofChoice - A decent script and a bienaganant.