Capsule: The best place to start if you are a newcomer to Jackie Chan.
Rumait, never stops for breathing and often hilarious.
Talking about Jackie Chan as a "stuntman" is missing a million things.
Jackie is not only one of the most accomplished and most really fearful physical followers on the screen today, but also a very funny guy.
He reminds me of the way Arnold Schwartzenegger * used * to make me laugh - he is funny just standing there, making a look.
Supercop A Jackie making us laugh, shout, duck, root and drop in breathing, often all in the same scene.
It is actually the third in a series of vaguely linked films, each with Jackie playing Kevin Chan, a police officer from Hong Kong who has the talent to put himself in difficulty in the neck, then the karate making his way.
 (The others are also worth seeing.)
It's a bit slow to start, but once he moves, it's a day in the field.
The film has a rather sophisticated intrigue for films of this kind.
Kevin is exploited for a dangerous assignment DEA to accomplish in continental China, which forces him to collaborate with the attractive chief (and the coup) for Chinese security (played here by the always unforeseen Michelle Yeoh).
There is a fun chemistry between the two, especially in a first scene where she tries to have him informed and he continues to comment on the comments how great she looks in this uniform.
Kevin is assigned to help bring out a known gangster of prison - all on the cover, of course - and make him lead the two to a renowned drug boss.
The drug boss, however, has his own problems: his wife is on trial for many of his own crimes, and she has the key to an account with all her drug funds.
It means, of course, endless troubles - the least of which is that Kevin comes up against his girlfriend while he is on the ground, and she sees him with this other woman, and ... but it is'One of the unique pleasures of the film: the way he goes from action to effortless comedy.
Action. There is, of course, a non-stop action in this film-everything, from the kung fu head-to-head to the battles of firearms to a point boat with eight engines (!)
Go beyond the Hong Kong Coast Guard.
There is also a virtuoso culminating point, which presents, among other things, Jackie Densing of a scale attached to a helicopter, a pursuit of the erroneous highway (which obliges Michelletrain which also implies the "friend and a motorcycle."
You had the idea.
It is for action movies what a hamburger with everything is fast food: fast, pleasant, generous.
Look at him with friends.
When they stop making films like this, the world will be a little more gray.