"You are going to go to Tarzan because it's more fun than a barrel of monkeys!"
Okay, there is the quote in case Disney wants to put something in their advertisements for the film.
Disney's latest animated feature film throws us directly into the action from the start, jumping the usual main title sequence and putting us on pitch waves while a small family tries to escape a flowing ship.
The father, the mother and the infant somehow surrendered to River in the middle of a catchy song by Phil Collins, and soon built a hut in the trees that would impress the Swiss family Robinson.
It's amazing, the kind of thing you can do when you work on a soundtrack.
Before knowing it, an unfortunate set of circumstances put the baby in the hands of Kala (Glenn Close), a monkey mother who recently lost her own baby in a predatory leopard.
Against the wishes of her companion and head of the family, Kerchak (Lance Henricksen), she faces the baby like hers.
Tarzan is not so much a story on a surviving human boy in African jungles as that which does not really correspond to humanity or nature.
A large part of Tarzan's young life has gone to try to become one of the monkeys in the eyes of his peers and his "father", which sometimes gives him trouble, no matter how much his attempts.
All he seeks is acceptance, perhaps an easily identifiable objective by young viewers, but which will sound true with many adults.
When you really think about it, this story is perfectly written in the Disney formula of pariah which triumphs at the end.
Look back on Disney animated features and you will see the trend.
Growing up, Tarzan (expressed by Alex d. Linz children and Tony Goldwyn as an adult) has some friends.
One is a monkey called Terk (Rosie O'Donnell), and the other is a paranoid hypochondriac of an elephant named Tantor (Wayne Knight).
The two provide the required comic relief (Timon and Poombah of the Lion King immediately come to my mind) and perform the usual hijinks as prescribed by the Disney mold.
I start to think that anyone can write the script for one of these films.
Just fill the whites!
can you see it ?
 "Now, we must have some wacky friends for Out Hero who could bring him into misdeeds, but cover for him or come to his aid when he needs it.
We have already had a fish and a crab, and we had a candle and a teapot, a genius and a dog, some stone statues .... having
We still had a monkey and an elephant?
Well, there it is!"
Of course, there is romance somewhere along the line, so Jane (Minnie Driver) is presented halfway.
With his father Dr.Porte (Nigel Hawthorne) and the Big Game Hunter Clayton (Brian Banessed), Jane is on an expedition to find and study the wild gorillas of Africa.
She discovers man raised by monkeys and is enchanted almost immediately, and soon shares a fun version of the compulsory scene "You Tarzan, Me Jane".
Fortunately, these are not the exact words.
However, I found it distracting that Tarzan goes "ohh ohh ee" for a second, then told Jane her name of this virile voice with a perfect diction.
How does he tell his name to another monkey?
 "Ohh Ohh Ee - Tarzan - Ee Ee Ohh?"
Well, whatever my difficult nature, romance actually works like the only Disney romance: purely artificial, but for any rather credible reason.
But hey, Tarzan is a young adult.
Do you think he came out with a few female monkeys before meeting Jane?
Isn't that illegal in most countries?
too bad .
I don't think Disney uses my quote.
Tarzan deviates from the usual Disney function in that it is not a musical.
There is a lot of music to be sure, but not a single character song throughout the hour and a half of racing time.
Instead, we get a concert by Phil Collins, because no less than five of his original songs are used as an interlude material. It is not really a bad thing, because the songs are very energetic and catchy (I found myself in singing one for me for the majority of the next day); it is just different.
Make a favor and see this film in a theater with a good sound system, because music will occur surprisingly and really improve the film.
With each new feature, Disney Animation is still improving.
Not necessarily at a giant step, but as they have published a new film each year, a constant improvement rate is apparent, and this is certainly seen in Tarzan.
There are a few scenes where the animation reaches a 3D close effect, and a certain number of scenes that present Tarzan moving in the trees are absolutely vertiginous.
The way he slips on the limbs and tree trunks very much recall the maneuvers of skateboarding and rollers, and made me think that it is not only Tarzan, it is "Tarzan extreme".
However, Tarzan does not seem to have what I call his "chandelier scene", which is the only scene on which the animators have chosen to devote a disproportionate quantity of efforts, using a computer assisted process that makes animationAbsolutely breathtaking.
Durable but a few seconds to the maximum, it is the signature of almost all the animated features of Disney since Beauty and the Beast, in which the chandelier of the ballroom of the castle was made in breathtaking details.
As usual, vocal talent is up to par, makes you believe convincingly to the convictions of animated characters.
The only bad choice in the cast, however, was Rosie O'Donnell.
Upon entering the film, I did not know that she was even part of it, but when Terk started talking, I recognized her voice immediately.
His performance was good, but through the rest of the film, I kept thinking: "It's not a monkey, this O'Donnell Rosie."
to say the least.
I admit that I have never read the story of Edgar Rice Burroughs "Tarzan of the Apes", so I couldn't tell you how true this film is with the book.
But unless you are a purist, you should have few objections to this film.
With solid performances, an action, an adventure, a little romance and great music and animation, Tarzan should call on children and the child in each of us.
Note: When I wrote my Mulan review a year ago, I went on promotional links and merchandise that prevail with the release of a Disney animated function.
This time, I would just say that I went to McDonald's yesterday to offer me a McFlurry, and Tarzan was on the cup.
'Said Nuff.