Confession time: I have never seen disappear with the wind.
I don't know why, really.
I did not want to check it on video, I was not at home on the nights that he was on the network network, and it was too far to drive the last time he was on the big onescreen.
So just in advance, I must admit that I don't know what I'm talking about, but here it is ...
Is the Titanic by the wind of the 1990s?
Maybe it's going a little too far.
As good work as Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet in this film, they are not Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh.
but ...
The parallels are there.
GWTW was the first film to really enjoy the most revolutionary technology available - Technicolor.
Titanic advances revolutionary steps in the integration of computer graphic design in a transparent manner with actors.
Gwtw places the largest tragedy in America in the background of a classic love story, Titanic does the same with the most legendary tragedy in the Atlantic.
They both have voluntary red heroines, they both exploit the differences in class between the aristocracy and the slaves / steering tramps, they were both incredibly expensive and popular ...
Ok, maybe it's not enough parallels.
Titanic is therefore not in the GWTW League.
never mind .
Titanic is an excellent full -fledged film, with spills, thrills and (in particular) chills.
Many have been made of the enormous cost of production, and all the care that has been the subject of the huge luxury lining relive.
The money was obviously well spent.
The costumes look great, the sets look great, the CGI graphics look great.
I particularly liked the small expensive touches, like spending tons of money on an authentic titanic china to break everything on the ground while the ship flows.
But the writer / director / producer James Cameron is the real challenge in the writing / staging / production of Titanic was not only costumes and decorations of decor and special effects.
Cameron's main headaches were to keep the public interested in a story where everyone knows the end.
He succeeds masterfully.
Cameron does two things that work incredibly well.
First of all, he shows us modern rescue operations on Titanic (it's just "Titanic", not "The Titanic", Mind You).
The first overview that we obtain from Titanic is the ship to its current state, slowly corroding under the marting pressure of the North Atlantic, from the window of a minisub piloted by the hunter of treasure brock Lovett (Bill Paxton).
The television coverage of the exploration of titanic intrigues, Rose Calvert, 101 years old (Gloria Stuart), who survived the wreck in 1912.
Stuart does a phenomenal job in a brief role, telling the story of his experience to an amazed paxton and his Roughneck team.
Second, Cameron keeps the script concentrated almost exclusively on the character of Rose, and the romantic triangle between Rose (Winslet), his Millionaire Bastard Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) and the young irrepressible artist Jack Daswon (Dicaprio).
The way in which films in the event of a big budget disaster are generally wrong is to have a distribution of stars, so we see the impact of the disaster on a large group of people.
Cameron wisely chooses to stick to Rose and Jack, while paying attention to celebrities on board.
The support cast is professional, but above all anonymous - apart from Kathy Bates as an unbearable Molly Brown, there is no time when you stop and say, oh, yes, I know him, in what he went.
 (Although I would have liked to see Colm Meaney in a white star uniform, or even as an unhappy engineer.)
The love story itself is rather conventional.
I think some criticisms have found it weak, and it can be a good criticism.
Performance is the key here.
Zane has the most meat role in the film, and he plays the millionaire in arrogant and condescending steel to the handle.
It is fluid, it looks great in a tuxedo, and it is a jerk quite convincing for the Winsl The relationship and-dicaprio seems plausible.
When he sees a little girl too frightened to get on a lifeboat, you can hear the wheels in his mind, saying no "Can I save this little girl?",,
But "can she help me get on a rescue canoe?"
DiCaprio is a revelation.
I hadn't seen it before in anything, and I really didn't know what to expect.
 (Honestly, I expected a bad Irish accent, but Cameron obviously decided that it was a bad idea, so DiCaprio plays a poor American artist who wins a ticket in a poker game.)
DiCaprio shows contagious joy to be alive and to be on the Titanic, that it is difficult not to love him.
From the moment the ship leaves the port until it strikes the iceberg, DiCaprio must wear the film and keep our interest, and it does not vacillate.
The character of Winslet grew up a lot during the film, just like his performance.
At the beginning, she is not forced to do something other than wearing period clothes and seemed Drop-Mad.
We know by the narration that she is monstrously unhappy of her marriage arranged with Zane, but there is no expression of these feelings until she meets DiCaprio.
Winslet and DiCaprio develop a chemistry that manages to propel the film until the ship strikes the iceberg.
This is when the character of Winslet really comes to life.
Faced with a real danger, she drops the manners to the rich spoiled girls and does a magnificent job.
While Rose and Jack run around the condemned ship, looking for a shelter of the icy water and the ardent temperament of Cal, Winslet transforms a superb actor performance, mixing courage and compassion and anger with apure howling terror.
Of course, the most interesting character is the ship itself.
Cameron has clearly fallen in love with the Titanic and shows it in each mood - like a deserted wreck, in the Chauffy for bringing the large ship between the dead.
Cameron's biggest gift is that it also allows us to fall in love with the Titanic.