The Heartbreak Kid (examined on August 26, 1998)
With Charles Grodin, Cybill Sheppard, Eddie Albert
In "The Heartbreak Kid", Charles Grodin plays one of the most incredibly unpleasant characters that I have seen on the screen for a long time.
He is a guy who spends almost all the time of management of the film Bullshithing of One Tirding to other.
I doubt that he never expressed a real feeling at all during the film.
While the film opens, it has just been married and is on the way to Miami Beach for his honeymoon.
Halfway, he begins to feel his bride.
As he arrives at his hotel and met the character of Cybill Sheppard, he is ready to divorce his wife.
As played by Grodin, this character is the type of person that nothing will ever be good enough for him.
The expression "the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence" has been practically written with him in mind.
However, if he finds something he really wants, he will pursue it as long as it takes.
The only problem is that, once he got it, he immediately loses interest.
The end of "The Heartbreak Kid" is both hilarious and sad for this reason.
Charles Grodin is at his best Smarmy here, and Sheppard is quite attractive as the object of the desire for Grodin.
However, the real stage thief is Jeannie Berlin, daughter of director Elaine May, as a married of Grodin.
She has each scene in which she is and almost makes you want to look for what the Grodin character tries to do.
 "The Heartbreak Kid" was written by Neil Simon and it shows.
Simon likes to deconstruct and analyze human relationships, and he is at the top of his game here.
As odious as the character of Grodin is, it is the type of guy that everyone knows.
The character of George Costanza on "Seinfeld" seems to have been shaped after him.
The only problem with the film is that it is not so funny, and it is presented as a comedy.
As much as I could see realism in the characters, it would have been good to have a little laugh here and there.
 "The Heartbreak Kid" is not an appointment film.
He has an extremely negative vision of relationships, so seeing him with a girlfriend / boyfriend could be Hazardus for your health.