Synopsis: Captain Picard and the crew of the Federation of Starship Enterprise Disobey Orders and defend a peaceful community of 600, the Ba'ku, of Evil Admiral Dougherty and Ru'afro.
The corporate team, in the meantime, knows the rejuvenating qualities of the native world of Ba'ku: Lt.worf pushes a button, the data sing opera parts, Picard brand with a Ba'ku chick, Riker allBy sharing a bubble bath with Troi, and corporate women note their firmer breasts.
Comments: "Star Trek: The Next Generation" was an extremely successful television series of "Star Trek", a science fiction series that developed a devoted fan after the 1970s.
Even if he has always played high notes, "Star Trek: The Next Generation" has finished production after seven years so that the casting could replace the original cast of "Star Trek" in the Paramount Film franchise centered onVoyages of The Starship Enterprise.
Star Trek: Insurrection is the ninth film "Star Trek" and the third to focus on the crew "Star Trek: The Next Generation".
Star Trek: The insurrection qualifies as one of these films that Star Trek fans, like me, would evaluate somewhere between "OK" and "Good".
After Star Trek V: The Final Frontier, an almost horrible film almost as bad as the repugnant fans "Star Trek: Traveling" TV Series ", Star Trek" could probably swallow everything that is paramount in the Trek film franchise.
I do not wish to spend this review to compare the insurrection to the other Eight Trek films.
Most people who read this have probably not followed "Star Trek" anyway, so a comparison seems at best tedious.
So let me make my comparisons briefly so that it is out of my system: Star Trek: the insurrection is not as good as the previous payment, Star Trek: First Contact; Star Trek: the comic tone ofInsurrection can be the best compared to Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home; Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan is always the best movie Trek.
Okay. Let's take it to the film itself.
Star Trek: The insurrection imposes a premise of fundamental science fiction, exploration and colonization by humanity of space, with a lot of low humor and of full-minded origin.
This combination works much more often than it fails, but when it fails, humor seems really cheesy.
A large part of this film calls on the nostalgic tenderness of the fans for the crew of Starship Enterprise.
The uncommon public with Trek Lore can miss the importance of certain points of the plot and can even be confused sometimes.
Star Trek: The insurrection begins with scenes from quiet life on the native world of Ba'ku.
Forget the actors and the special effects, the magnificent setting of this film, with its snow -capped peaks and its green valleys, steals the show.
This tranquility, however, is broken by the data, an Android, which reveals to the Ba'ku that they are secretly monitored by the Federation and their extraterrestrial allies, Son'a.
It seems that this world is a real fountain of young people, supporting its inhabitants indefinitely in a young and healthy state.
The company crew, led by Captain Picard, investigation into data actions and discovers a plot between Son'a and an admiral of the company to move the Ba'ku and plunder the restoration properties of young people fromthe planet.
Does it seem quite heavy?
It is, although this intrigue, everything except unique and revolutionary, is undermined by the constant humor dam of the film.
When you go after the data, for example, Picard sings an opera piece with him (it's supposed to be cute and humorous).
In a much funnier sequence, work pushes a big button on the side of its nose because of its exposure to the native world of Ba'ku, a button that its teammates, try as they could, cannot avoid looking at.
The actor in Star Trek: insurrection is, for the most part, good enough.
Since they have been playing these characters for years, those who represent the company crew will reintegrate their roles effortlessly enough .
The formidable actor Patrick Stewart plays Captain Jean-Luc Picard and delivered a moral speech, the brand of Picard, with his usual component.
Brent Spiner, another good actor, again plays the Android data quite well and provides the best moments of comic relief in the film (although the old pattern Android to be human ties some fans of hiking familiar with the routineTV laséries).
The support casting that appears in this film alone is also quite good.
Despite the negative opinions of many other criticisms, F.Murray Abraham (the winner of an Oscars for his performance in Amadeus) plays the major bad guy Ru'Afro quite well.
Ru'afro reminds me, a little, of Baron Harkonnen in the 1984 Cinematic version of Dune.
Like Baron, Ru'Afro continually has its neat skin: it is stretched and stapled by the servants.
In a particularly memorable scene, Ru'afro becomes very agitated and its facial skin opens and bleeds.
Ru'Afro is not Khan of Star Trek II - The best villain of Trek never - but it is much better than Dr FURENCE.Soran of Star Trek: Generations.
 (Okay, I promise, more comparisons.)
Donna Murphy must also be noted as a woman Ba'ku, Anij, whose Picard falls in love.
Murphy is not a young woman with a model body; she is a mature woman with an attractive face.
It is the type of woman whose Picard, for those who know the character well, would be delighted.
In fact, the chemistry between Murphy and Stewart works very well here.
A particular conspiracy point involving Anij's ability to slow down time, an ability she shares with Picard, becomes one of the most intriguing parts of the film.
For as well as the actors and the decor, Star Trek: the special effects of the insurrection were surprisingly disappointing.
They proved to be adequate, sometimes barely, for a science fiction-fiction film in the 1990s, but they were well below the standard and pale film compared to those observed in the Star Wars trailer:The Phantom threatens (a trailer that would have preceded numerous projections of the insurgency).
Spatial battles involving the ships of the company and Sona, in particular, seemed trivial and rebellious, and the final confrontation between Picard and Ru'afro took place in a completely unconvincing interior of a satellite.
The new company itself, seen only in this film and its predecessor, remains largely unexplored, although its exterior is not quite correct for a reason that I cannot explain.
Despite Star Trek: the frequent comic frequency of insurgency and the occasional lower quality special effects, I appreciated the film.
He maintains Roddenberry's widely optimistic vision on the future and rejects the grainy violence of his predecessors, in particular Star Trek: First Contact (however, do not get me wrong, the dark tones of Trek movies like First Contact can work with a lotof success).
I would recommend the insurrection as a film in the morning for a Saturday afternoon, especially for trek or science fiction fans in general.
Classified PG, I do not see this film being reprehensible to the viewing audience, young or old.