In 1977, something that never happened.
The film Star Wars was released, with extraordinary special effects techniques, never seen before.
The film has established a new standard for special effects in the film.
Not only did he establish a standard for special effects, but he established a standard for the film itself.
The plot is one of the most creative I have heard.
Star Wars legend begins a long time ago with the Jedi.
The Jedi were warriors who were destroyed by the dark side.
Dark Vader is the chief of the dark side.
Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi, played by Sir Alec Guinness, was one of those Jedi who is still alive today.
Dark Vader was once a Jedi, until he turned to the dark side.
Years after the murder of the Jedi, Dark Vader is still in question.
R2-D2 and C-3P0 are both what we call "drids", or robots that are useful to humans.
While an attack on the ship that Princess Leia, played by Carrie Fisher, is on board, she inserts a message to R2-D2, which is also on the ship.
at Obi-Wan Kenobi pleading to get help.
The princess is captured by Vader, but R2-D2 and C-3P0 run away on an escape bod which finally landed them on the distant planet of Tatooine.
Jawas, or small creatures that sell droids, choose R2-D2 and C-3P0 to sell.
They are bought by Luke Skywalker's family (Mark Hamill).
While Luke cleans droids, Princess Leia's message is found.
Luke finds this Kenobi Obi-Wan and learns that Obi-Wan was a friend of Luke's father, who is now dead.
Luke also learns that his family was a Jedi.
After Luke's family was killed too much on the dark side, Ben decides to put Luke in training to stop the dark side and destroy them once and for all.
Ben wants to create a new Jedi.
First of all, the two must find Princess Leia and serve her.
Han Solo, played by Harrison Ford, and his acolyte Chewbacca, played by Peter Mayhew, are consulted on the supply of a ship to perform the necessary tasks.
After meeting Leia, the film really resumes.
Luke continues his training as a pilot and to become Jedi, Ben Kenobi faces Dark Vader, and many other interesting events occur.
Star Wars is an incredible epic.
The intrigue is so original and incredible, I cannot believe it.
The special effects, especially for the time, are wonderful and realistic.
The space scenes in particular are the most fun to watch.
The ships piloted by all are very unique and creative.
The costumes are also out of this world.
The landscape is so different from everything I have ever seen before.
There are a variety of very memorable different sets that will remain with me forever.
The whole premise of Star Wars is incredible.
The creatures and droids that we see throughout the film are unique in its kind.
Even human characters are different.
Each character is extremely sympathetic and different from the characters of the other SCI FI films.
Everyone's game is great, especially that of Sir Alec Guinness.
Even if the concept is not at all realistic, it is very well done.
The game, the adjustment, the effects, the costumes and the sound make it work.
If one of these elements was spoiled, Star Wars would have become a huge joke.
The end works very well and left it very open to the consequences which came later.
At the beginning of 1997, a special edition of Star Wars was released.
The film was re-mastiff, so it looked better than in 1977.
Some creatures have been added here and there, and even a whole -cut scene with Han Solo and Jabba Le Hutt (seen in return from the Jedi) was added to the film.
Do you think it's enough?
On May 19, 1999, Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom threatened will be released, followed by two other films that reveal what happened before a new hope.
With this, Star Wars will necessarily be to become the biggest story told in our time.