"Seven" is one of the best mysteries that I have ever seen.
It is extremely intriguing and full of suspense, but it is also quite fun.
It is a serial killer mystery, but you don't care so much to make the killer pay as much as the hope that they catch the killer.
History is a mystery of cops on the series of series.
Someone murdering people who are offenders of "seven deadly sins".
A big man (delicacy) was forced to eat to death, a lawyer (greed) is shot down by his own rich goods ...
I could continue but reveal more would give too much.
What makes this film so unique is the characterization of "good" that makes the villain invisible so vile.
Brad Pitt Stars is quite excellent as a detective David Mills, the arrogant recruit.
However, Morgan Freeman is even better as a detective William Sommerset, the wise veteran on the verge of retirement (and he is not killed in the end).
There is a great feeling of camaraderie here which often offers a puff of comic relief.
It is impressive because the atmosphere is so tense, and the fact that it can be well played as well as there (not to mention at all) is quite a realization.
The setting takes place in the current New York, but the artistic direction is able to give the city a feeling of evil and frightening, many believe it.
The design of production is superb, in the mind of "Batman" and "The Crow", this film embodies the Gothic mood.
The way the words fade, as well as the bizarre music of Nine Inch Nails really add a lot to the story to a subconscious level - even the credits are frightening!
The victims of the killer have no connection, and therefore Mills and Sommerset have much to resolve the case.
They can only wait for the next murder to happen, which makes a huge suspense.
We become just as tense and worried as detectives because of this thick atmosphere of the unknown.
Not many films have such an interesting and intriguing script as this one.
The only problem I had with the film is the way Mills and Sommerset are led to a suspect.
Let's just say that it seems a little too "mystery film", or too practical in other words.
When led to a suspect by the name of John Doe, a great hunting scene follows.
This is a typical exciting element, but it works perfectly here because of the process of history.
If anything, this film is the quintessence of Twist endings.
I don't have to tell you that Mills and Sommerset finally catch the criminal, but the way it happens is surprising.
There is a scene of intriguing philosophy between the killer and the detectives, and even if he is obviously crazy, his charisma made good points.
What is even more surprising is the last scenes themselves when the suspense reaches a formidable highest while the resolution of the film comes down to what justice is really.
 "Seven" is not only a film on crime, but on evil within man.
John Doe estimated that he was making a favor of society by getting rid of "Scum".
But also justified as it appears, we must never be tempted by ideals so twisted with justice.