Another "independent film", this comedy, which was brought by Miramax for $ 5 million, is very fun.
Favreau and Vaughn (The Lost World: Jurassic Park, 1997) play Mike and Trent, two 20 years old on the search for women.
The film mainly follows their fate in search of Lurve, and along the way, we can meet some of their friends, see their attempts to chat with the girls and simply have a glimpse of their lives.
And all of this is very fun.
Swingers do not rely on huge special effects or large name stars to provide entertainment.
No, he just has a big script and superb little -known actors.
The script, by Favreau, is great.
Mike is always missing is his girlfriend, who has not called him for six months, and each time he meets a girl, he always ends up talking to him about the ex.
The public feels for this pathetic little man, thanks to the large script.
Vaughn is "money" (swingers speak for "the best") as the female Trent, always looking for a new girl.
Some of his lines of discussion are horrible, but he always seems to get the girl thanks to her "hard" nature.
The character of Vaughns also gets the best laugh in the film, towards the end in a restaurant.
The conversations that take place between Mike and Trent are great, but that never fully reaches Tarantino's standards (which I suspect that the film was trying to reach.)
There are excellent jokes aloud in the film, and superbly funny sets (like Favreau Décing-World fight with a reply machine that has always cut it before finishing its sentence.
Embarrassing for him, hilarious for the public.)
The friends of Mike & Trent are also good, although the characters seem to be a little subscribed, and we never really learn as much as we would like about them.
Although it was mainly Mike and Trent's film, it would have been pleasant to know a little more about their friends.
They just seem to wander aimlessly in the background.
But again, the lines they say are generally quite good, and they have fun parts.
It's just a shame that they have no more fleshy roles.
The game is superb.
As said above, Vaughn is superb as Trent, it is definitely the best thing in the film.
Favreau is also good, acting very well as "the little man", and the way he always feels sorry for him is very funny.
Graham (Boogie Nights, 1997) has a small but good role as Lorraine, a girl whose Mike finally falls in love.
She barely presents in the film, but she always manages to have an impact on the public.
The swingers are therefore funny, but he has faults.
First, the operating time is a little too short.
The film stops sudden, and I actually wanted the film to continue longer.
It never really happens to a satisfactory conclusion, which is a shame, because most of the films are too long!
In addition, this type of film has been made too many times, like Sleep with Me (1994).
But these small flaws do not really spoil what is a fun and entertaining comedy.