John Cusack is the kind of actor who seems to slide effortlessly in his respective cinema roles.
If without effort that people tend to forget that he is there, in the way people rarely remember many actors of the great character (whoever can put the name James Rebhorn with the face of this actor is invited to S 'Offer a product from one of my sponsors).
Example: the other day, my mother asked me (the expert, of course) if there were films that deserve to be seen, it doesn't matter that our tastes could not be more divergent - I do notwill never forget the day she recommended that I will see a night at Roxbury for God Sakes, and to be fair, she was powerfully upset against me for telling her that I am going!
It was very fun (which is), so I did not see it as an attempt at futile conversation.
I mumbled, with a little apprehension, that she could benefit from great loyalty.
She answered with her usual request, "who in this one?"
This is a question whose answer seems to immediately evoke the kind of film you have seen.
If the answer is Julia Roberts, you probably assume that it was something visually impaired and light, a film by Stallone Sylvester and you imagine a bloodbath with few words and many involuntary biceps, and a Woody Allen film meansHyper articulated whites (generally Jewish faith) worry in a Upper East Side palace.
Anyway, when I replied "John Cusack", she replied with a "Who?"Quite amazed, as if it were unreasonable for her to know who I was referring to.
Now, I know very well that my mother has seen several Cusack films, more recently as John Malkovich and pushing the tin, but I suppose it is understandable that she would not recognize the name, after all, for theMost names are more difficult than faces.
I showed him a photo of Cusack's cup in the newspaper hoping for an "Oh - him, yes he is quite good" instead, I have a "no - I don't know him".
At this point, I was far beyond frustration in a kingdom of angry nose (yes, film ignorance is all that takes to get into the traction zone of nose hair), until I realize something: I doubt that a large part of America would recognize cusack's relatively bland, or even the name which is rather bland compared to the freshness of a Brad Pitt or TomCruise, names to a syllable that slide from the tongue with the speed of a car at speed.
Cu-Sac.Cu-Sac-No, not as cool.
I am sure that in twenty years, Cusack will forever be called "the guy to (add the film Cusack of your choice)".
It is not a brand, and its films are generally not big money manufacturers, but in its unpretentious way, it is a kind of genius.
With his pleasant and ordinary looks and his charming semi-articulated blatmerings, he has become one of the main romantic men in the 90s.
Of the sure thing to say anything Cusack merged the talents from the beginning of Tom Hanks and the beginning of Jack Lemmon.
Despite the fact that almost all the characters he plays is a variation of the character before (the Schlumpy every man), he is a constantly pleasant screen character, like Albert Brooks or Woody Allen.
And he knows how to choose the scripts, while the Stephan Baldwin and Val Kilmer seem to be in everything (the first had in fact the insight to follow the usual suspects of the winner of Oscar with a vehicle of Paully Shore, and to judge byHis latest projects, it seems what if he had not yet dismissed his agent), Cusack generally chooses enriching projects (with the exception of the Introtchable Hot Pursuit, a 1988 film with a young Ben Stiller).
High Fidelity is his second collaboration with the successful English director, Stephan Fears (The Grifters, The Hi-Lo Country), and it's a success.
He was also co-written by Cusack, and some of his collaborators on the formidable comedy, a big Blank point.
It is not as entertaining or as funny as this film, but as it progresses in its disaster Fashion, the film throws something from a spell on me.
High Fidelity begins like an ode hipster at Rob without commitment, a vinyl record store owner, who opens the film by breaking down the fourth wall with great abandonment and by educating us in his "List of the first 5 ruptures".
This is something that Cusack does the whole film in the day of the Ferris Bueller.
At the beginning, the Talking-Directly-Into The-Camera-Schtick had vaguely annoyed me, mainly because it reminded me so much the photos of the body which used a similar vanity, but it started to grow up on me almostentirely of the spirit of Cusacklivre.
This is the kind of guy who doesn't bother us to talk to us directly.
Little by little, the film sets up in a study of tragicomic character in the shape of a shampoo, a guy who must face himself and his personal failures in order to understand the real person he is (yes, everythingis very existential).
Although this intrigue is especially pleasant, what I liked the most in the film is how much it offers pleasure in presenting us minor characters, who (now it's really something) are quite greatTo justify their own films.
The best of which Jack Black (from the very funny show tenace D, a program that unfortunately followed the hair of Bruce Willis ?? he wants them to buy.
This is the kind of guy that I am sure that we have all met before, a boost who thinks that he is always right and will do everything in his power (whether shouting, arguing, insulting) to hoist his opinionon others.
But I like this guy, because of the way Black plays it.
The actor is corpulent with a round baby face and crazy eyes, but despite his size, he jumps and comes like a manic speed monster (which could be a bit of a redundant description, given how all the speed monsters that Iknow are maniac).
This is the kind of support character that would be incredibly boring comic relief in most other films.
 (Look at what this Hack Jan de Bont did to poor Phillip Seymour Hoffman in Twister).
But fears and black never let it happen.
The character, despite all his groans and his jiving is imbued with reality.
He is exaggerated, but in a way, we can all relate.
Catherine Zeta-Jones, in her brief role, gives a lively representation of a woman completely in love with her own "charm".
Tim Robbins records in an even smaller part as a new type of age, a character played entirely for cartoons yuks, but always manages to work on the desired comic effect.
The only exception of the interim department is a bit of a Doozy, the main romantic interest played by the Danish actress Iben Hjejle (Mifune), who completely erases all traces of a Danish accent, replacing it with an American pitchy phonation.
I give her congratulations for having tried such a contradictory role, but instead of being sympathetic, she appears to be rather robotic, and as such, it is difficult to see why the character of Cusack would be so obsessed with her, especiallyWhen he has a beautiful intelligent writer (Natasha Gregson Wagner) potentially waits in the wings.
It reminded me of saying anything, where the charming cusack was twinned with the Ione without charm Ione Skye, and at midnight in the garden of good and evil where the poor bastard had to support Alison Eastwood (whose fatheris incredibly more wood, Clint for "special people" Pources Pources whose wheels become a little slower).
In fact, Cusack is rarely associated with a personality that corresponds to his, although I bet that if Laura and Natasha changed roles, the result would be more effective.
High fidelity works almost entirely on the strength of its characters and its performance.
The direction of Fears is somewhat stowed, and the script is sometimes a little too (and it is a word that I start to hate but alas I must) eccentric for its own good (I think I will blame that on Scott Rosenberg,who judges by what he did with the beautiful Girls, con air and things to do in Denver during your dead, has its fingerprints everywhere in the most irritating pieces of this film).
But Cusack really deserves a price, to be so damn ??? Cusackian.
I am afraid that his talents be so underestimated that he may have to wait for his hip must be replaced to be offered such a price worthy of his considerable talent.
His character, Rob (whose little like an older and more bitter Lloyd of Say Anything) is funny and tragic without being pathetic, and that Cusack can do all this, and still does not print in the mind of mostPublics, is something of a feat.