Here is the second of the 1999 remakes of classic horror films.
The first was the stupid, pathetic remake but OK of the classic "The HAUNTING".
Now comes the highly anticipated remake of the house on Hauned Hill.
The classic that featured Vincent Price as a man who pays a group of 100,000 people to stay in his house.
If they survive the night, they get the money.
Otherwise, you get the jurisdiction.
Having not yet seen the film (DVD on its way), I did not know if I would really like the remake.
But of course, it goes and has an excellent scenario to fall back on.
Geoffrey Rush (in a fantastic role with incredible performance) is Steven Price, the owner of an amusement park intended to scare people.
His wife Evelyn Price is organizing a party with his friends.
Steven is allowed for the idea and makes his own list.
In one way or another, someone, or something, he changes list and five other people are invited to the party.
Eddie (Taye Diggs) An ex-baseball player, Sarah (Ali Carter), an ex-assistant who can rehabilitate everything, Melissa (Brigette Wilson) A Talk-Show host, Dr.Blackburn (Peter Ghallager), and Watson (Chris Kattan), a humorist of the smart mouth in a way.
What he's going to do is pay these five dollars if they can survive overnight.
If they can, they get the money, if not well, they don't.
The house on Hautned Hill was a crazy asylum.
Years before mental patients have fun and kill Dr.à, forcing him to lock the place because if he died, they did it too.
Everyone there burned to death.
Now is Steven Price's house and he is organizing this party for these five people.
Which starts like an apparently normal night, turns into a horrible and splashing night.
The deep dark secrets of what really happened in this asylum and why these guests are really revealed there.
One by one, people are starting to disappear.
The plots are starting to introduce themselves, and Steven Price discovers that his house can be alive after all.
People find rooms, which once held mental patients.
rooms that once had people who died.
rooms that can still contain these people.
Now, these five people must try to survive the night and try to survive home, and they have to survive each other with terrorized results.
As I have not officially seen the original, I cannot say what is better.
I can say that I loved this film.
Geoffrey Rush gives a performance on a million as Rich Steven Price, and does an excellent job by doing a Vincent Prize role.
Famke Jansen as his wife was great and even a little strange sometimes.
Ali Carter and Taye Diggs somehow become the main characters and Ali Carter who made his debut in Varsity Blues gives here a fantastic performance, just like Taye Diggs.
Chris Kattan offers us a great comic relief and the film contains many comic lines.
Peter Ghallager and Brigette Wilson were also great and gave commanding performances as potential victims.
The plot was well designed and was very absorbing.
The film has an atmosphere throughout what is disturbing and frightening, and sometimes even downright frightening.
I even found myself the a little worrying opening credits.
One thing I knew not to expect was a "haunting" type film with special effects in Gogo.
Even if he had fantastic gores and special effects, the film has only a budget of $ 19 million, which does not do throughout the show, but you can say it.
The film was well written, and its major defect is the underdeveloped characters and the holes of the plot with which we meet.
The end is quite intelligent and some may not even get it.
I must say that House on Haned Hill was a surprise.
I expected another haunting with special effects, no fear and a stupid end.
Instead, I found a good Halloween film with blood, fears and a big game.
House on Haunted Hill is one of those films that you really can't take seriously .
Although it is a well -made film with a good script, it still has faults.
But in addition to that, the film is fun, intelligent and scary and makes us ask us why remakes like this cannot be done all the time!