For those of us who have not yet been born when the Rock 'n' rolled from the 1960s, Monterey Pop offers an affectionate overview of music that influenced our parents to be hippies.
From Otis Redding to Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin to Mamas and Papas, and Jefferson Airplane at WHO, this documentary is packed with contagious energy.
But I just give a warning that I will reveal the end, which does not make the rest of the film The Justice it deserves.
Shot in 1969 during an outdoor concert which prevented Woodstock, the film challenged the stereotype of the general population at the time.
Of course, some have painted their faces and the smoke joints, but D. Un.
Pennebaker (The War Room, Moon Over Broadway) surprisingly chooses to show a wide range of the public.
It doesn't matter who looks, everything comes back to the talented musicians who move your soul.
The excitement begins even before the music begins.
A young girl cleanses thousands of seats and when asked why by an interviewer, she replied that she feels lucky to do so.
There are moments of madness organized while John Phillips, leader of Mamas and dads and one of the concert organizers, try to contact Dionne Warwick.
And when a group is attentive, a member notices: "Finally, a decent system!"
You can simply say by watching these first moments that this show does not concern vanity, it is a question of playing the music that you like for those who have a appreciation, a two -way street.
This interaction between the public and the interpreter continues throughout the film and becomes contagious of the public.
It is impossible to tear your eyes from Janis Joplin as she leaves her walk on the love of being a ball and a chain.
And while the words of "Wild Thing" may not be so complicated, watching Jimi Hendrix Mime having sex with his guitar is as captivating as Totis Redding singing love.
Even if you do not recognize all the groups you see on stage, you can imagine being as fascinated by their work as the audience seated in these seats.
The only drawback in the film is the end, which I unfortunately have to reveal.
All the other groups, big names at the time and even today, obtained approximately 7 to 10 minutes of screen time.
On the other hand, the last group in front of the completely forgettable camera obtains 18 entire minutes of screen time.
For a film that lasts only 78 minutes, it's too large, especially when the previous acts are much more stimulating.
Overall, Monterey Pop is a precious and rare look at a period that always prevents us.
The variety of music, as well as the beautifully drawn performance, are easy to immerse yourself.
If there was never a question of why most of these groups were so popular, it is quickly dissipated.
It is almost depressing to think that the music that this movement is no longer done much.
Instead, we are stuck with * NSYNC, The Backstreet Boys, and Jennifer Lopez, who should all have stayed with modeling.