I must say it.
Tim Burton's story on the planet of the apes is more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
Ok, it's out of my chest.
No more monkey puns, I promise it.
Seriously, however, Planet of the Apes is a Rip-Roarin summer release, filled with thrills, action, adventure, spirit and funny pieces of activity (I dare to say, monkey).
I know, I know, I promised.
And for moviegoers who love the original, Burton's version includes some hat tips for this film.
Mark Wahlberg embodies CAPT.Leo Davidson, a deep space pilot whose ship is trained in a magnetic field and has embarked on the future.
It crashes on a planet where monkeys are dominant species and humans are driven, captured and sold in slavery.
Despite being darker than the original, Burton's film is not as heavy or as moralizing.
Certain flashes of humor of the film are surrealist and generally Burton: an organ monkey with an elderly dwarf or monkey which removes a wig and removing false teeth while preparing in bed.
Then there are the parents who buy a little girl as a pet for the girl.
The seller advises parents to get rid of the girl before she reaches puberty: "One thing you don't want in your home is a human teenager," he said.
You don't need to be a monkey to make the truth in this declaration.
Touches like these are what is pulling this film with the brand of Burton.
The lines that come back to the original film are sprinkled everywhere: the first words pronounced by a monkey in Davidson while the astronaut regains consciousness and catches the foot of the Simian to try to straighten up is: "Take your hand stale from me, you haveDamné, dirty human.
Anyone who knows the first version of the film will of course recognize the irony of this dialogue.
Another Burton's jokes is to have Charlton Heston, star of the original, playing the father of the chimpanzee of the generation of Tim Roth.thade.
The young Chimpanzee will visit his dying father.
The two have one thing in common, a hatred of humans.
With his dying breath, the elder spits his vile: "shit them, damn in hell," he said before expiring.
This is the famous line that Taylor de Heston shouted at the end of the original after discovering the terrible secret of the planet.
The performances started throughout the node.
Wahlberg plays Davidson not as a GUNG-Ho hero, but as a confused and somewhat frightened explorer who only wants to go home.
He hesitates to direct human rebellion; his only objective is to find a way to get out of this planet upside down.
This hesitation is what makes his character credible and vulnerable.
Roth is fierce, cunning, cruel and wild as a fascist chimpanzee who wants to rid his planet of all the vestiges of humanity.
He jumps and limits as if he had sources on his feet.
It is a masterful tour.
Helena Bonham Carter is Ari, the chimpanzee who believes that monkeys and humans can live in peace and equal.
His is an intelligent and compassionate characterization.
Michael Clarke Duncan is tall and brutal as Attar helps him with the Gorilla to Thade who blindly follows his leader until his faith is shaken.
A beautiful comic strip out is given by Paul Giamatti like Limbo, the slave merchant of the APE earning his life of the misery of humans he captures.
While the battle between monkeys and humans are looming, the loose Limbs plead, "cannot we all hear ourselves", echoing the words of Rodney King.
A large part of the success of Planet of the Apes goes to the Burton technical team, in particular the production designer Rick Heinrichs and the legendary Rick Baker who created the makeup of the monkeys.
Burton's musical collaborator, Danny Elfman, provides another fine score, although he is not as memorable as his work on Batman or Sleepy Hollow.
The only disappointment of the film comes at the end where Burton tries to surpass the 1968 original final.
It approaches, but fails.
Otherwise, p Lanet of the APES is what a summer film should be: an amusement park walk filled with a lot of action, waterfalls and a few laughs.
This is a characteristic in which expectations have been up to the media pre-liberation threshing.