Not since the killers born of Oliver Stone, there was a film by this incendiary, and that David Cronenberg has a so-called consumer director was arranged several times on the fine line between social commentspointed and outright social irresponsibility.
While the FINCHER films have never suffered from a lack of shock value (its main massacres of characters in the two and seven extraterrestrials are beautiful examples), Fight Club marks the distillation of its black comic sensitivity (see the1997 game) in something as a final undeclaration.
Jack (Norton, acting both as a narrator and protagonist) is your typical cabin clone, whose disillusionment is amplified by apparently incurable insomnia.
On the deactivated advice of a doctor, he sits on group therapy sessions for everything, blood parasites on testicular cancer.
Here, he meets Bob (Marvin Lee Aday, Aka Meat Loaf), an eunuch emasculated by cancer with deep gynecomastia.
Strangely, the release he finds sobbing on the Bob's breasts allows him to sleep at night, at least until another "tourist" of therapy groups named Marla Singer (Carter) manages to ruin thingsFor him, forcing a reluctant compromise which remembers Montypython in his dark hilarity.
Later, he met Tyler Durden (Pitt), a soap seller with a resolutely subversive perspective on life.
One night, after his condo furnished by Ikea has exploded (don't ask - you will only have to see the film, Awright?), He's sharpened by Tyler in a fight, and damned if it doesn't feel good.
It is a pure and raw existence, a brief moment of clarity and goal that makes his life of dreary work pale in comparison.
He moves into the sordid abandoned manor of Tyler, and they form the titular organization, a group of underground therapy where men bind to naked savagery and very few rules, the first two of which "do not speak of Fight Club".
Armed with charisma and an attractive anti-enterprise philosophy, Tyler assumes the leadership of the emerging adhesion to slaves in white colors and with unanswered McEmployed.
The resentment slips into Jack's heart, aggravated by the fact that Tyler is also regularly and noisy the hated Marla.
Funded by a frivolous trial, Tyler begins to mold his followers in an army dedicated to misdeeds and chaos.
Their initially juvenile pranks (like pissing off in food and putting belts on the roads) evolve quickly in something more like sedition, and Jack fears that things have taken place.
It is after this point, when you are very uncomfortable and you are wondering how fincher will say to say something original, that the film disappointed a disappointing twist.
It is so artificial - and so conventional compared to what precedes it - that everything that follows (including the end) becomes much less interesting.
It is a major defect (but not deadly), and for a director as notoriously unpredictable as finishing, it looks like a cop.
Fight Club will be misinterpreted by a large number of people.
At the beginning, he has a squarely dangerous feeling; he seems to say that civilian violence and disobedience are good for the soul, and this is undoubtedly the message that some Idial Punks will withdraw.
I will be powerfully surprised if the imitation combat clubs do not spring up here and there, and I will be even more surprised if Fincher is not vilified for the same witch hunters without humor who are currently after Oliver Stone.
They do not need to worry, because Fight Club is less a message film than the elaborate attempt to finish a joke.
Tyler Durden, despite all his Dionysian pace, is really nothing more than the logical (and much less hypocritical) extrapolation of all these self-assistance gurus which are constantly presented on Oprah to preach their gospel me-d 'first of all of self-activation.
In this context, the joke works, but like the last joke of Columbine, some people will get it and benefit from a good Riche, and the others will not.
Hopefully, their silly moral indignation will not spoil the joke for the rest of us.