In some ways, making a film is like trying to stretch an elastic as far as you can without breaking it.
Try too hard, and it starts; but too much booking means that someone else will come and pull it further.
In Simon Birch, director Mark Steven Johnson shows us how to master the technique: he benefits from prudence and balance, but also risks his film with a few daring stages.
In the end, he not only holds an uninterrupted group, but he makes the public appreciate the durations he went to direct such a good functionality.
There is no doubt about this: the film Johnson has made is rich.
He chooses for his establishment the picturesque city of Trearstown, in Maine - the leaves become bright orange in the fall, the grass is a lush green white snow in winter, and the sky continues forever.
The characters continue in turn: our two tracks are Simon Birch (Ian Michael Smith) and Joe Wentworth (Joseph Mazzello).
Simon is the smallest baby ever born in the archives of the local hospital, and at the age of twelve, he was only two feet high.
Joe is the bastard son of Rebecca (Ashley Judd), and at the age of twelve, he is ready to know who is a father.
Naturally, the two bettings become good friends and share many adventures together, from the disruption of the Sunday school to the community service in the small league baseball.
In a performance wonderfully performed by Ian Michael Smith, Simon Birch is convinced that he is God's instrument, and there must be a reason for which he is so small.
Joe does not buy it quite, but he sticks with Simon; the two have finished through the worst times and are the only friends of each other.
At first, the two meet Ben Goodrich (Oliver Platt), Rebecca's new boyfriend, and although the link is not immediate, Ben and the two boys develop for each other.
Platt and Judd give solid performances which give their characters a deep sympathy.
The public cares about them as much as they do about Joe and Simon, a testimony of the acts of actor of the two.
Finally, Jim Carrey gives a cameo as an adult Joe today, and his few minutes here are relatively more impressive than all his performance in the Truman Show.
The sense of drama and writing of Mark Steven Johnson is fantastic.
The script is vaguely based on John Irving's novel, a prayer for Owen Meany, but it is so far from the source material that Irving really asked that the credits be transformed from "based on" to "suggested by. '
In the same sense, it is almost worried to compare the two; Johnson uses tension, humor, atmosphere and suspense to create an original drama of the proportions of Forrest Gumpian.
He has in no way developed a similar popularity project - GUMP has won more than $ 300 million while Birch should go from sight in a few weeks - but the winning idea remains the same.
Simon Birch is a different look at a different life, and which will most likely be studied in film school lessons in decades to come.
In the present, however, it is a pleasant little photo that everyone should take a look.