The modern audience is more likely to know the milesules of the pop-brroadway musical rather than the original volume of Victor Hugo.
Adapted on several occasions for cinema, this last effort does an excellent job of translation of the characters, the story and the heart of the novel on the screen.
Liam Neeson plays Jean Valjean.
As a young man, Valjean stole bread to satisfy his hunger ... and he was sentenced to 19 years of forced work for his crimes.
The prison hardened him and, at his release, he seems to be doomed to a life of crime and misery.
However, an unexpected act of compassion changes his vision of life, and he promises to become a better man.
However, he presents himself against a man who does not believe in the reform.
Inspector Javert (Geoffrey Rush) is an obsessive law Abider.
He has no tolerance for anyone who breaks the rules, even with benign intentions.
He has already been a guardian in the labor camp where Valjean served, and after Valjean breaks his parole, Javert devotes himself to a court.
Two women are also taken in the fight.
Fantine (Uma Thurman) is a suffocating single mother in a ruthless society.
Her daughter, Cosette (Mimi Newman, and later, Claire Danes), is her life, but she cannot afford to raise her.
Instead, Cosette is sent to live with a cruel host family that extorts Fantine's money, and Cosette Force in a life a little better than a slave.
Director Bille August manages to create a faithful adaptation of Victor Hugo's novel, which, although, remains faithful to the history and tone of the book.
I hope you will not do it, like some distraught public members, I wonder where all the songs took place.
The film manages to be completely captivating without Andrew Lloyd Webber flowering.
The experience is reinforced by strong performance throughout, although Neeson and Rush rightly occupy the front of the stage with their main roles.
Neeson in particular deserves congratulations on his representation of a man trying to do good, but continuously haunted by his past.
The support cast is also extraordinary.
The only actor who decreases in comparison is Hans Matheson, playing the revolutionary, Marius.
The film slightly loses its brilliance during its brief love story, but it is transient, and really distracing only in contrast to the rest of the film.
The Misirable novel is, by all account, an epic, both in its reach and in its length.
If it would be almost impossible to add to its pages in a two-hour film, this last attempt does an admirable work during the translation.
It is also an epic ... and we are worth seeing.