It is difficult to really say something nice about a type of person who is so ethnocentric that all humanity that they had once left, but by God, "American History X" the fact, and for that,I congratulate him.
It is necessary not only balls, but also intelligence to make a human being from a neonazi skinhead, a kind of person who devotes his life to hate anyone who is not what he is, and this filmWisely and miraculously succeeds.
The subject of this film is one of them, but it is worse than one of the blind followers who make up most of Skinhead members because he is the leader of the peloton.
It is he who encourages them to take a firm closure on their rage, then in another shiny blow, justifies it with political propogande which has a strange meaning when he speaks.
He is so convincing as a speaker and so firm in his convictions that this is a shock when he goes through the rehabilitation process.
His name is derek vinyard, and he played by Edward Norton with so much fire and intensity as when he speaks, he is almost as convincing and stopping a public speaker as, let's say, Malcom X. When we see him forFirst time, he is shaved, with a black swastica from Jais Emrboider on his left chest, an devoted cook, and he attacks black carjackers outside his house dressed in his white boxers and carrying a handgun in handQuine never seems to lack bullets, at least when he doesn't need it.
He thus believes in his conviction that he is ready to put his convictions to the test, even if he knows that it will mean a judgment in prison, if only for a few years.
 "American History X" concerns Derek, how he became a neonazi skinhead, how he went to power, how he was rehabilitated in prison after having assassinated two black men in a rage crisis which was less to see with the theft ofHis drow and more to do with proving himself and how he tried to save others, namely his younger brother, to make the same mistake.
We see it at all these stages - as an intelligent adolescent, a vicious hatred merchant, a man with an epiphany, and the man who tries to correct what he has done before - and in all this, we getA portrait of a man of all sides.
Or at least it is intention.
The film's framing system is his brother, Danny (Edward Furlong, for perpetuation of the 13 years), also now a skinhead, and how its director, Bob Sweeney (Avery Brooks, which I have just discovered was where is the captain ofStar Trek9's deep space of Star Trek), try to "correct" it.
When the film opens, Danny has just written a book report on "Mein Kampf", landing him in difficulty with Sweeney, which makes him write an article on Derek's life and how hebrought now.
By coincidence, this day is the day Derek is released from prison, and when we see it, it is cleaned, not as buff, and has full hair.
He is just as intelligent, but always very rough along the edges, but he took hold.
He is no longer controlled by his anger against blacks and Jews, and tries to persuade Danny, who becomes what Derek was previously, to abandon his lifestyle.
But Danny will not.
He goes to a large bash of Skinhead beer, meets the chief of Skinhead (Stacy Keach), then discovers that Derek is as opposed to the neonazi domest that for that a few years ago.
The film revolves around this, then turns in non -linear flashbacks, all made in black and white.
We especially see Derek at its peak as Skinhead, living in Venice Beach, organizing vicious and almost built raids on local stores which no longer hire white adolescents of the middle class because they can easily obtain illegal immigrants lessDear to do the same work moving his theories on positive action and the way in which illegal immigrants and blacks have destroyed fundamental principles on this country.
For them, the white man is the one who had the blurred end of the lolipop, and he n OT only speaks eloquently, with force and intelligently, but he supports everything with political reasons, justifying at least their rage.
And quite terribly, a large part of what he says seems true.
 "American History X" is a collection of really brilliant scenes and moments, rather than a great coherent film that flows effortlessly from one moment to the next.
In this document, there are some of the best scenes I have seen all year round.
A scene presents a dinner between Derek's family, and his mother's new boyfriend (played with reserve by Eliott Gould), a Jewish liberal who does not agree with the views of Derek on the right, launching the sceneIn a crisis of rage and anger that builds safe emotions in Lapublic (Bould's reaction to the final summation of Derek is not in terrrasse).
Another scene uses traditional humor and gender to build a friendship and a good connection between Derek and a black colleague (Guy Torry) while folding the laundry in prison.
And another who will be soon to be divided in two: the murder of the two black men who winds Derek in prison, which contains a final murder so nasty that it is perhaps the most shocking the most revolutionary all theyear.
There is much more to appreciate, like the game, which is uniformly good, with stand-outs coming from Avery Brooks, Beverly from Angelo (as a mother who has been suffering for a long time) and Gould (who has a horrible line, but other than that, takes place with the best performance it has given in what seems to be very long).
Norton goes with the film, however, with such intensity that he reduces anyone who does not do suitable work for the rubble.
In the fifth film of his career, Norton invented himself as one of the most reliable and intense actors of his generation, and perhaps the best.
There is nothing like Norton really embarks on this film, spitting lines with such authority that he attracts all the attention of the public, coming from a power similar to that of a young Maron Brando.
That it allows small emotions to infiltrate is incredible.
Unfortunately, it will not be the great portrait of the racism he may hope to be.
It is too unusual and even a little artificial to really take off as a powerful declaration or an emotional masterpiece.
The end, in particular, is in pencil in other films, thrown just so that the emotional keyboard can be beaten.
Some of the skinheads are reduced to simple shots (Kevin Smith regular Ethan Voile Fairrs in a fairly boring way as "Fat Skinhead", whose lines are without lack of expressing his desire to eat more), and even the Dramatic Arcis not as well trained.
Danny de Furlong never seems to really learn a lesson, because the flashbacks refuse to show his point of view, and when he decides to change in the end (which was inevitable), it does not seem that he arrived there.
Even the descent of Derek in Skinhead-Dom does not seem justified.
Although his father firefighter (William Russ, the father of "Boy Meets World", and does not ask me how I know it) is killed by a black drug addict, and even before he speaks intelligently, heNever seems to have been a real story backward why Derek has become so intense as to his beliefs.
As such, we can see why the director, Tony Kaye, wanted to have his name deleted.
came out.
 "American History X" is a very good film, and I was very moved by him, but it could be much better, and the problem seems to be that the cup as it is is not to what itclaims to be his potential.
Somewhere, he says, there is a cup of Tony Kaye, and it was the real cut until it was seen by Norton, who then ordered another cup, and it is therefore.
Although he was targeting the realization credit to go to "Alan Smithee", the resident name of any film which must be denied by its director, he was not authorized to him, under The field according to which you have deny a film, you cannot do it badmouth (but really, it's the MacGuffin - nobody really wanted only one film as good to be given to the sign of disapproval of Alan Smithee).
Kaye has the right in that it is not up to par, even if he does not refer to the normal peer but rather to his own personal peer.
It will not be a "good thing" for the late 90s.
However, he always puts his point intelligently, and supports him with his story (his message, that one cannot be rooted in his own beliefs where pain and suffering will happen, is literally said on narration, Unfortunately).
And even if it is not perfect, at least when Avery Brooks turns to Norton after being beaten and raped in prison, and asks him if something he did improved his life, he really knocks on a nerve,Not just inderek, but also in the audience.