Gothic murder sons are not a new vanity.
In fact, they have been in books and a film for many years.
Without the good manipulation, they appear older, bland and outdated.
 "The Gift", directed by Sam Raimi, is a proven effort that surprises very little, and includes everything, with a wide range of suspects and red herring, with mansions in the deep south with mosses in front, atThe possible ladécouverte of a body full of water found in a neighboring pond.
It is quite obvious who is the killer; in fact, I predicted who it would be before the start of the film and was correct in my preliminary suspicions.
The film should ultimately not work, but it does it, thanks to a sparkling distribution which fills each character with so many memorable nuances, the most fun to have is to simply look at people interact with each other.
Annie Wilson (Cate Blanchett) is a mother of three recently widowed sons who makes her live psychic readings to residents of her hometown in the sector of the sector.
Some of its main customers include Valerie Barksdale (Hilary Swank), who is seriously abused by her husband Donnie (Keanu Reeves), and Buddy Cole (Giovanni Ribisi), an unstable mechanic who is confused by the nightmares he had about'A mysterious blue Bluediamond which is sort of linked to his father.
For Annie, she does not give readings simply for money, but uses it as a way to seek comfort to find good in the future of everyone.
Her end grandmother (Rosemary Harris) told her when she was a child that it was a gift that had been offered to her, and she should always remember it.
When Annie's eldest son is involved in a fight at school, she meets the director of the Nice-Guy school, Wayne Collins (Greg Kinnear), who is attracted.
But Wayne is engaged to the rich Jessica King (Katie Holmes), whose Annie immediately obtains a negative atmosphere.
During a party with her best friend Linda (Kim Dickens), Annie trips on Jessica in a compromising position with lawyer David Duncan (Gary Cole).
Shortly after, Jessica disappeared, leaving everyone in a frenzy about what could have happened to her, and Annie begins to make nightmares and apparitions connecting Jessica with the vicious Donnie Barksdale, and the pond behind her house.
 "The Gift" can be cliché at a level of pure narration, but the performance and tight direction of Raimi (which has bought for its latest embarrassing film, "For Love of the Game" from 1999), lift the photo ofSeveral notches.
Slowly enveloping the spectator in the many intriguing characters and their individual difficulties, the disappearance of Jessica to the 30 -minute brand discloses the real intentions of the film and transforms the procedure into a horror of tenur, sometimes frightening horror.
At the center of the film is the exceptional Blanchett Cate ("The talented Mr. Ripley") of 1999), which transforms Annie Wilson of what could have been a little more than an ordinary protagonist into a very precise, a realistic person withValid problems and a caring attitude towards those around him.
Blanchett takes the little distraordinary and short equipment with him, giving the whole film an aura really chic that she could not have had otherwise.
We follow her every turn because she is so fascinating, both as a character and actress.
Blanchett is not the only brilliant interpreter, because she is skillfully supported by one of the best casts of the year.
In his first role after his Oscars victory for "Boys Don't Cry" of 1999, Hilary Swank is excellent as Valérie Confuse, who is looking for advice to Annie, but who is too afraid to take her biggest council of all: leave the abusive abusive abusive.
As Donnie, Keanu Reeves ("The Watcher" of 2000) makes a completely convincing backwoods, so much so that it is difficult to believe that it is an actor at all.
For often critical Zed Reeves, whose acting capacities have never been the best, it is the greatest compliment he could possibly get, and it is also one of the best performance he has given.
Giovanni Ribisi ("The Boiler Room" of 2000) is tearing as a mentally slow young man who considers Annie as her only friend, and wants her to do nothing other than to help him understand why he is inprey to bad dreams about his father.
In the small role, but pivot of the Sleazy Jessica King, Katie Holmes ("Wonder Boys" of 2000) transformed another amazing support round.
Her promiscuity role of Jessica is the one she has never played before, and she is radiant in her few scenes.
Finally, Kim Dickens ("Hollow Man" of 2000) makes her usual strong impression as a spicy best friend in Annie, Linda.
The other notable aspect of the "gift" is its bad mood atmosphere which throws such an extremely disturbing air on each scene that is almost sufficient.
Thanks to the modification intelligently interpreted by Arthur Coburn and Bob Murawski, and the successful use of different effects of strange sounds and a very good musical score by Christopher Young, the film does not only reach a scary underlying current, but whichis filled with dread.
Helped by a solid scenario by Billy Bob Thornton and Tom Epperson, who draws the best party from his distribution and delicious casting, "The Gift" is the rarest thrillers who actually shivers, and also offers a good part of chills.
It may not be original of comfortation, but it is certainly entertaining driving for the duration of its operating time.