James Cmaeron's revolutionary feature film was the first of his films to highlight his obsession with technology and more technology technologies.
For those of you who do not know the plot: in 2029, the machines designed a nuclear in order to wipe the human race.
Human survivors are systematically hunted and destroyed.
However, some humans are fighting by the heroic John Connor.
To stop Connor, the machines refer a terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) in 1984 to assassinate Connor's mother, Sara (Linda Hamilton), and therefore prevent Connor from being born.
In response, humans send a protector, Kyle Reese, played by Michael Biehn.
Images of machines and the dependence of humans towards the machines dominate the film.
Even if the characters know that the 1984 mild oil forests will become the merciless hunter killers of 2029, humans continue to use the machines.
In the peak of Star Wars, Luke relies on the only force - his own spiritual power - to destroy the star of death.
In the Terminator, however, Sara must use another machine - a giant hydraulic press - to overcome her enemy.
Cameron seems to imply that this dependence on technology is essential - and it is not satisfied with it.
Relentless technological growth causes the other obsession of the terminator: apocalypse.
We have a lot of images concerning Armageddon: thousands of human skulls border the streets of future.
Children watch the flames in a fire television.
When the Terminator arrived in 1984, an almost biblical lightning storm preceded it.
Even if "the future is not settled", there is no doubt about the place where the world is heading at the end of the film: machines will increase and humans will have to fight for their very existence.
All Sara can do is wait for her.
 (Cameron does not turn as he does in Terminator 2)
The end of the world is also the own fault of the human race.
After all, it was the humans who created in evil machines in the first place.
In 1984, when the Cold War was still in full effect, the film was to be considered a very appropriate metaphor for nuclear war (another obsession with Cameron).
Nowadays, we can read a criticism of behavior similar to a machine in humans.
Admittedly, the humanizing touches are put in the detective characters of Paul Winfield and launches Henriksen, but the Terminator is also able to move in the city without being detected.
Cameron also establishes parallels between the mechanical efficiency between the Terminator and Reese when they arrived for the first time in 1984.
From a technical point of view, the terminator is very well done.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a perfect antagonist - without toning, ruthless, obstinate.
We are not supposed to sympathize with this ultimate killing machine because we are in some of the subsequent works of Schwarzenegger (for example, commando), but fear it.
The script of Cameron and Hurd essentially represents a prosecution of an hour and forty-five minutes, taking a few moments here and there to explain the journey in time and develop the romantic sub-contrigue.
Although we saw the Hackneyed Cameron dialogue is now so well known, there is also a considerable suspense, especially for the first time, the spectator who can be uncertain of the intentions of Kyle Reese.
Cameron makes the film at a quick and kinetic pace.
Either the camera moves or something in the frame moves - usually both occur.
Violence is not particularly graphic (the scene of the cardiac absence of the Temple of Doom exceeds that of the Terminator), but it is brutally staged, which makes it even more effective.
For a low -budget film, the special effects and the artistic direction of the Terminator (in particular in 2029 the) are remarkably well made.
A special mention must be made of the work effects of stopping at the end of the film illustrating the Endoskeleton Terminator.
It was among the best stop reasons that I have never seen.
One thing that does not hold after all years, however, is the hairstyle of Linda Hamilton.