Capsule: Unsurprisingly more a comedy than a right action film, which is not necessarily a bad thing.
Not exactly the caliber of the Oscars, but a good time at Bulluva fleas.
Prolonged review: you know, I remember when the hitmen were mean and deadly.
Unfortunately, the times are chanted.
In a recent series of films, the wage killers are suddenly wise, fun and fun killers with Hearts.
This brings us to the first American feature film by the director of Hong Kong, Kirk Wong, The Big Hit.
Curiously, almost the same era last year, a similar film, a big blank point, was released.
Announced as an original comedy with action notes, he turned out to have a deleted dose.
The great success is quite the opposite.
It was excited as "the new film by producer John Woo", so we expect many stylized murders and action.
However, there is a painful lack, which is roughly the only thing that is not going with great success.
The film begins with Mel Smiley and his cohorts doing a job on a white slavery.
Mel, played by Mark Wahlberg in a dopey, Milquetoast, is a killing machine; he returns, turns, even the breakdances while making traffic jams.
Unfortunately, he is not lucky to do a lot.
With the exception of the start game and the last 20 minutes, the film is in comedy mode.
The action, at least what there is, is privileged cutting stuff.
Wong, after many characteristics of Hong Kong, makes a good U.S. Bedup.
However, its rhythm is a little offbeat, with the action sequences only in dismissal the film and does not for long enough.
They start to electrify and fresh, but just a little stop.
Normally, this would hinder a film to the point of being inexpted.
Fortunately, we have the script for Ben Ramsey, a dead work.
The only problem is that there could be too much humor, a joke makes you laugh so hard that you miss the next.
Some of the best gags include an oriental filmmaker on his luck and one of Mel's cake friends who has just discovered onanism.
The only problem is how some of the minor characters are manipulated, some being there only for laughter, which sometimes works, sometimes not.
Overall, the great success can have its faults, but he compensates them in an elegantly directed and fallen joy.
Certainly one of the best ways to spend two hours.