The second film based in Chacal to be released in 1997 (the other with Bruce Willis was simply titled The Jackal), he features Aidan Quinn and Donald Sutherland, and is directed by a man who praised the own Alma matterFrom Joblo, Concordia University in In University Canada.
The story is based on the exploits of the real terrorist known as the Jackal, but does not claim to be 100% factual.
Land: Navy officer Ramirez (Quinn) is called by the CIA to pretend to be the international terrorist known as the jackal, in order to end the militant's radical activities.
He is chosen for this role because he physically resembles the real terrorist in a tee.
Ramirez reluctantly agrees to participate in this "assignment" and soon finds himself wrapped in a real canvas of international terrorism, intrigue and double-person (which is not suitable for his wife and uninformed children in the United States.))
Critality: Great premise is executed with enough style and thrills to keep the piece interesting throughout its two hours.
Admittedly, I was not a big fan of any of the main actors in this film, and I did not expect much to this film in advance, but he surprisingly had his exciting moments, as well as amainly plausible and absorbent history.
The first hour is mainly only a accumulation of things to come and offers a great characterization of the jackal, but the second hour is the one that really launches in the cool scenes and a soft end.
Quinn was adequate in the two roles of naval officer Ramirez and the real jackal, but did not offer anything extraordinary, in my opinion.
Sutherland and Kingsley seem to play the same role they have played in the two respective careers lately, but he nevertheless seemed to savor the coldness of their chosen characters.
I did not like the presented performances of Quinn's woman in this film, but there again, she does not present herself in most of the film, so it was not so bad.
However, I appreciated the interesting style and the film vision of director Duguay.
This thriller could easily have been boring for many sequences, but Duguay always seemed to find something interesting to show the spectator.
I thought it was good.
That said, I did not think that the first hour should be as long as it was, and the film made me tinker on the bridge of credibility when the "false" jackal met the girlfriend of "real"Without too much retrospection of its share, but overall, not too many complaints in a film which could easily be appreciated by all those who take pleasure in the Thriller of spy and terrorist.
Facts little known: the real name of Ben Kingsley is Krishna Banji, it is 5 "8, was born in Scarborough, England, and won the best honor of actor during the presentation of the 1982 academy awards for the role-Title he described to Ghandi.
Many scenes from this film have been shot in Montreal, Canada (Rest Paradise).
Donald Sutherland engendered actor Kiefer Sutherland, is Canadian and apparently has a place in the north of Montreal.