You have probably heard that of the priest and the rabbi, but never with the same dosage of featherweight weight which is sprinkled to "keep the faith".
It is a soft comedy, completely glazed with a feeling of harmless innocence and good humor, with regard to two moral subjects - love and religion - and how a romantic triangle brings the two in collision.
As young, Brian Finn, Jacob Schramm and Anna Reilly were an inseparable trio.
While their friendship progressed, Anna has always had compassion to take them both with the same love and the same support, so none would feel excluded.
But the tragedy struck quickly, when Anna was forced to move away.
Now, adults, Brian (Edward Norton) and Jacob (Ben Stiller) occupy similar but contrasting jobs.
The sympathetic father and good heart Brian is a Catholic priest, while the vine and the outgoing Jacob acts like a Jewish rabbi.
On the basketball field, they refer to themselves as "the team of God".
In the field of relations, Brian respects his Catholic principle of celibacy, but Jacob has reached the point where finding a Jewish bride is practically compulsory.
Everything changes when Anna (Jenna Elfman) returns to New York to visit her childhood friends.
Now a work executioner, she spends endless hours a week to her business, but finds free time to remember with Brian and Jacob - both ecstatic to see their lover of primary school again.
With these bizarre ingredients thrown into a cocktail, there is bound to be a clumsy romance between our three central characters.
Predding the result is not entirely difficult, but "keeping the faith" is open, entertaining and refreshing, while it moves on point A to point B.
Edward Norton has become one of the most beautiful actors and the most versatile in Hollywood - a success triggered by his beginnings praised by criticism in the 1996 thriller "Primal Fear".
After bitter shocking roles in "American History X" and, more recently, the vicious "combat club" by David Fincher, a picturesque romantic comedy may seem a particular choice.
Not the least.
Norton slips for the first time in the director's chair with "keeping the faith", and here his incisive and ingenious approach helps add an additional profession to an surprisingly perceptual scenario of Stuart Blumberg.
Weighing all aspects, it is unanimously an impressive director.
In addition, Norton pushes all the right buttons with the Brian peanned darling, generating a very nice screen presence.
Stiller (the guy in the zipper of "There is something about Mary") is firm and funny, with a fully rippled comic maturity.
Elfman's Guillerette rehearsal can become boring (it is sometimes the case on the "Dharma and Greg" of television), but it seems perfectly excessive here.
The other distribution members offer excellent support, from Anne Bancroft as a lively Jewish mother of Jacob to Milos Forman as an elderly priest who quickly contributes to smart advice.
"Keeping faith" is the perfect date film ...
Although perfection is not a word to associate with the film in general.
There are turbulence during the take -off process, because many unsuccessful attempts to establish the situation clouded the comedy projected to come.
Once the film is installed, it's often funny and always cheerful.
Stiller, Norton and Elfman have created three extremely adorable personalities.
We appreciate their interaction, understand their different dilemmas and we feel humiliated to realize that everything sounds perfectly true.
This excludes the end, which is acceptable and everything, but seems to be lacking in charm and spontaneity of previous romantic tangles.
Nevertheless, a closely mistreated finish will certainly not try the smile of your face, nor anyone else in the public.
`` Keep faith '' is a very pleasant romantic comedy, although the one that is more attentive while examining the questions of love rays other than religion.
AWW, what is the hell.
The quality is not entirely heavenly, but this little charmer could rekindle our "faith" in a kind of potentially tired cinema.