It is not a secret in the cinema industry that the relationship between a script and the actors involved makes or often breaks a film at the box office.
A badly written script can be beaten by a superb interim body, and a well written piece can be mutilated by a group of amateurs.
By making his latest action comedy, the Brett Ratner director (Money Talks) takes a relatively mediocre piece of comedy from Standup and transforms it into funny that the whole film Buddy Cop.
In addition, Rush Hour serves as a first class example to make a film with a conservative attitude - a functionality which is sure to draw crowds of all types.
The two lead names share an equal screen time here, mainly because they spend it together.
Jackie Chan, in her first entirely American production, made an impressive start by mixing dialogue with martial arts.
The other martial arts film of a few weeks ago, Knock Off has no chance against the content of it.
Chan manages to make the grace and the balance of each fight scene exsule, and there is no doubt that a great percentage of video sales for this film will come from viewers who could not believe their eyes the first time.
Chris Tucker, on the opposite side, recounts a hilarious comic approach that smooths the rough edges of Chan's performance.
He works perfectly with the script, and it is very likely that he lent the scribe Jim Kouf one hand with some of his lines.
Almost essential to the kind of action, the intrigue is nonexistent.
We are quickly presented to the detective James Carter (Tucker) is an officer of the Maverick for the LAPD.
Cut another scene where the girl (Julia HSU) of the American Chinese consul (Tzi Ma) is kidnapped by a gang of basal characters.
The FBI is fast at the rescue, but the consul insists that one of his men, the inspector-detective Lee (Chan), is led to help.
The FBI resists, but then asks that the LAPD sends a man to keep the Chinese detective.
It is here that Carter and Lee connect, and the two involuntarily solve the case while the FBI rushes to support them.
Rattner does an excellent job to make an additional effort to advance his film, but he does not entirely reach the upper level of action orders as a big tip from last year.
There are times when the plot moves away too far from the straight line, it sticks almost exclusively, and if not for the comic interactions between Tucker and Chan, this could be a major drawback.
In addition, some support characters are almost entirely along the ride, and others are there to look threatening.
However, none gives a pending performance and they mainly throw themselves in the background.
Almost all the members of the distribution displays a certain reserve at one time or another - whether it is the attenuated routine of Tucker or that Chan is tight on his action sequences - and this greatly contributes to what it is a filmobservable for all types.
A recommendable visit to the theater, indeed.