The playwright Tom Stoppard and the scriptwriter Marc Norman took a surprisingly difficult task: they wanted to write a script on William Shakespeare who paralle the works of Shakespeare.
They also wanted to make fun of the way we all consider Shakespeare: I mean, really, who does not think of Shakespeare as a bubbling guy with so much passion that he can barely write a room without exploding in a passionate verbal andIntrospective iambic pentameur?
Stoppard and Norman are men who love Shakespeare, and they wanted to make a film for all the others who love Shakespeare.
And, despite the difficulty of their task, they succeeded.
Shakespeare in Love is one of the most intelligent, funniest and touching films of the year.
It is so rare that an image with such high aspirations succeeds in all its efforts, but here we have a film that defines success: it is both charming and written perfectly.
It could have been a sufficient and self-important film that pandes Shakespeare's unconditional fans, but the appeal of this film is almost universal: if you have already read a Shakespeare play, or know anything about your life,This is probably you will find a big entertainment in Shakespeare in Love.
Joseph Fiennes, brother of Ralph, embodies Shakespeare himself; he is a delicious and irresistible boy, mainly concerned about women and detached from the more serious problems of life (debt, plague, etc.).
He is responsible for writing games for various people: Queen Elizabeth (Judi Dench) wants comedies, while local Slimeball Philip Henslowe (Geoffrey Rush) needs him to write a game so that he can repay his debtsto Hugh Fennymann (Tom Wilkinson).
Shakespeare, however, has trouble focusing on his work.
He begins to work on a comedy on a boy by the name of Romeo and a girl named Ethel.
All this changes, however, when he meets Viola de Lesseps (a radiant gwyneth paltrow), a young heiress who should marry the Lord Wessex oriented financially (Colin Firth).
Shakespeare instantly falls in love with her; he meets her for the first time when she claims to be a man to try the part of Romeo.
He discovers his identity and confronts her later; she, of course, falls in love with him, although their love is condemned because she must absolutely marry the Lord Tyrannical Wessex.
But she continues to act because she loves Shakespeare's writing so much, and soon production (which later becomes Romeo and Juliet) should be executed.
Shakespeare in Love is an incredibly good film, not because it works like great entertainment, but because it pays attention to details and knows its subject.
I was instantly conquered by Joseph Fiennes in the main role: he has such burning optimism and energy; he is clearly a man who admires Shakespeare, and even in the shortcomings he gives to his character (Inability toDiscover women, a deficit disorder of attention), we feel a lot of affection and care.
He practically overflows with passion in each scene.
Fiennes is twinned by Paltrow (whose English accent is so good that he wonders where she really comes from); she is an actress who gives off force and conviction in each performance that I saw her.
The two performers work perfectly together, taking the passionate scenes as much as possible without making them melodramatic and by stirring the comic scenes for each imaginable laugh.
Of course, it doesn't hurt that they have a masterful script with which to work.
Stoppard, including the Rozencrantz and Guildenstern game are inspired by an interesting film, is full of dry mind and discreet humor without limits (all its pieces have humor in the same dry way).
The first smart step and Norman took was harmonized the events of the film with Romeo and Juliet.
One of the funniest scenes of the film is the imitation of the famous terrace scene of the play; in the film, Shakespeare is moving while the viola Trying to repel his nursing home woman.
Director John Madden does a fantastic work to be silent in the Humor Slapstick - scenes like these would have seemed brought out in the hands of a lesser director.
I will have to see the film again; I am sure there are many references that I missed.
In fact, I doubt that it is possible to collect everything with a single vision.
Stoppard is a master of details: you will notice familiar lines placed throughout the film, not like lines of a room, but as a dialogue, suggesting that Shakespeare was just talking like that all the time.
There's also a Brilliant Running Joke in Which Shakespeare is in Constantition with Christopher Marlowe (and the Fact that Marlowe is Played by the Openly-Homosexual Rupert Everett is a Joke in of itself), proposition a slightly twisted explannational.
There is also a scene featuring a dog with a wide eyes that is so funny that I was injured in laughing.
 "Is there no dog in this room?"
 " No !
No dog! "
The overall cast may be the strongest this year.
Geoffrey Rush is almost unrecognizable as a detestable Henslowe; Wilkinson is also difficult to recognize, but has a big role as a thug that takes its share of apothecary so seriously.
Ben Affleck, playing one of the players in the company, shows a wide range, both in its accent (his is almost as good as that of Paltrow) and in humor (he has some of the best lines ofmovie).
Colin Firth, still stuck to play sap, does a good hateful job.
Judi Dench, however, has the best support performance as queen Elizabeth: rarely so much depth has been transmitted in so few words.
My single and minor complaint about Shakespeare in Love is that I have the impression that I could have been more moved at the end.
History moves, but there are some missed opportunities in the final scenes.
But my shrimp is not important.
What is important is that I recognize the quality of this image, the pure competence with which it was written, acted and produced.
Shakespeare in love tries so many things and nails each of them: it is a film that loves both Shakespeare and makes fun of him, a film in which the actors, the writers and the directors are all perfectly synchronized.
It is also a film that has the potential to introduce many people to Shakespeare's work in a positive way, without seeing condescending or superior.
I admire this film not only because it passes so pleasantly, but because it has high aspirations and succeeds.
Not just any movie can make fun of Shakespeare and get away with it.