Who would have thought?
Jim Carrey makes drama.
When I saw the advertising for the Truman Show for the first time, I thought: "What a hilarious idea for a film!"
However, it was an even better premise for a drama.
The Truman show takes us into a world that revolves around a man.
This man is Truman Burbank (Jim Carrey).
Truman has no idea what is really going on in his world and frankly, Cristof wants to keep it like this.
Christof is the "God" of this invented world.
It continues to function and gives the actors their roles.
There were some attempts to talk to Truman about his world, but they failed and life continued as usual.
The opening games of the film present Truman's world.
We see what he does at his current age, then we get a flashback in his past.
It may seem a little boring, but it's so intriguing that you will fall in love with the film from the start.
The film can be described in a word: weird.
It seems to be such a simple idea, but it is something that a majority of us would never think, but Andrew Niccol did.
It seems to be a distorted idea, but it is Andrew's idea and he did wonders with it.
Jim Carrey was up to the media threshing.
The media, good or bad, has always focused on Carrey's ability to make drama.
No one doubted how extraordinary this film could be, the only thing they doubted was Carrey.
And he showed them all.
Jim Carrey was snubbed at the Oscars.
I don't think he was the best actor, but he deserved the appointment.
He plays Truman Burbank, the without mistrust of the most popular television show in the world.
He has lived a normal life for almost thirty years, but strange things are starting to happen.
He ventures into the bad elevator.
A light crashes before him.
His father returns and is then withdrawn.
We are constantly reached with all this and we know it's a show, but not Truman.
And it's just a constant progression that never becomes slow.
Carrey is able to lose his comedy to play a major role in a major drama.
Laura Linney is beautiful as a hungry woman from the camera.
She plays her role as advertiser and budding star.
Peter Weir does not make the cast perfect, and their faults finally led to the escape of Truman.
The story takes place until the show becomes too large and everything crashes.
Despite Carrey's greatness, the best performance of Truman's show is undoubtedly transformed by Ed Harris, who plays the "god" in the world of Truman.
He displays the pressure of which he is under, the world he has created.
He becomes so paranoid that he believes he is a god and that Truman thank him for his life simulation.
The action moves at a good pace and rarely becomes slow.
But, the main point of the film is what it looks like a television program.
It really makes you think.
Maybe your brother is an actor, maybe your best friend is in animated contract negotiations to stay on the show.
Some of the best parts of the film are when Truman ventures into the bad elevator and sees actors drink coffee and speak.
Or when Truman connects to the bad station and hears direct orders for the arrival of Truman.
And when Christof focuses on Truman and indicates dramatic music while Marlon (Noah Emmerich) delivers her dramatic line.
All these ideas are simply perfect for the film and extremely innovative.
I didn't just appreciate the film, but I was overwhelmed by genius.
Overall, the Truman Show is one of the coolest and innovative films to release Hollywood.
Jim Carrey shows that he is not only a man of a million faces, but a legitimate actor who could be one of the best.
Andrew Niccol is responsible for the scenario and Peter Weir succeeded in perfection.
The Truman Show is a must for all those who love films in general, because they will be completely impressed by this creative film.