Land: Jet Li is a Chinese cop required to help some French police officers to make a villain.
But one thing leads to another, and the next thing you know, Li is pursued by the same French cops with whom he was supposed to work.
Lots of ass, whippings in the face, firearm fights and ... okay, a little more strokes of ass.
Critality: very cool!
Now, here is a film that gives you exactly what you are looking for, if what you are looking for is a kickass action, a good line of cop / bad palpable cop, some hardcore cascades and jet li slam-dunking everyonein sight!
The film also moves quickly (only 95 minutes), develops a certain "cute" chemistry between Fonda et Li, has a pleasant environment (Paris, Baby!) And gives us one of the best bad guys I saw the whole'year.
Tcheky Karyo is the devil embodied of this film.
He is evil of evil.
They should have called this film Bad Lieutenant 2 because Keitel has nothing on this man.
What a great, big monster!
My favorite line of Tcheky was when he explained all the thing of the "kiss of the dragon" and he cut it saying "kiss my ass!"
Pure poetry of the pure action film.
Anyway, apart from him, Jet Li also managed his "game" very well in this film, with very little real dialogue to say, but enough to make us believe his character.
In fact, the simple fact of looking in man's eyes generally tells you a lot.
Fonda was also quite good, despite one of the most trashy and mistreated women that I have seen for some time, but I always felt a little pain for her, so I guess she did her job well.
But in the end, nobody will see this kind of film for the performance of the Oscars.
We are going to see Jet Li movies because we want to see jet giving a kick to a lot of ass from one side to the other, and this film offers gangbusters on this front.
And yes ... they have no thread in this film ... I
Repeat ... no
Wire work, no bullshit cascades with floating in the air for more than a minute.
It is a straight action, a fist fist, a start to face and all around fresh waterfalls.
If that's what you're looking for, I don't see how you will be disappointed with this film.
Yes, it is not very original in the intrigue (simply take the own Nikita of Luc Besson and mix in many of his professional and voila!) Would also have got rid of all the acupuncture thang.
But was I entertained?
thoroughly .
Does the film present more firearms, martial arts and exaggerated viancles than the most recent action films?
Yes again .
Does this seem interesting to you?
Well, the answer to this question depends entirely on you.
One thing that I would certainly recommend is, as Jet Li stressed it on his website, that you leave the children at home for this one.
In fact, you may even want to leave if you cannot manage the most violent sequences.
Overall, a time of rippin pleasure, roarin '!
Where does Joblo come from?
Black Mask (5/10) - Blade (7/10) - The Nikita Woman (8/10) - Lethal Weapon 4 (7/10) - The Matrix (8/10) - The Professional (9/10) - RomeodieDie (3/10) - Hour de Pointe (7/10) - Shanghai Midi (6/10)