Bastard Happy's quick film review
analyzes that
How to make a comedy focused on the crowd?
Well, a few years ago, there was a little sly comedy entitled The Freshman, who had Marlon Brando playing a game of his famous character of Don Corleone and, recently, the completely stupid film (from aBad way) Mafia!
did not really get the joke.
This time, however, Warner Bros. can be well understood with the analysis, a film that reaches its targets more than it lacks ... and
for many reasons.
The story happens like that.
A gangster (Robert Deniro) finds himself receiving several panic attacks lately, fueled by the stress of a next gangster meeting and an imminent death after a car shooting.
It was these attacks that pushed him to hire a psychiatrist (Billy Crystal) who is mainly reluctant to take the case of the gangster for two reasons.
First of all, of course, he is a gangster, but secondly, he tries to get married and enjoy a quiet honeymoon with his wife (Lisa Kudrow) and Kid.
And, of course, he cannot rest for a moment because gangster henchmen always need the shortcut for something, whether it is a quick consultation or a dream analysis.
Fortunately, the film is played for many laughs.
Director Harold Ramis (who also directed the multiplicity of comedy, which was not half bad) maintains the upset and light tone, even if it is sometimes sprinkled with light dramatic moments (the shots cannot always beTake a laugh, you know).
Deniro has made some of his most beautiful comic book works from the king of comedy, giving off a performance somewhat similar to his role in Goodfellas, but with a little lighter heart.
 (A scene where he tries to display his anger by phone and fails miserably is hilarious.)
Crystal plays an excellent hetero man to the character of Deniro, eliminates him from bombs such as Father's Day and my giant.
Kudrow is also a hoe as a future wife of Crystal, who is about a breakdown thanks to the presence of Deniro.
Is the film perfect?
Not really, thanks to a simplistic end and to slightly wasted moments with a character described by Chazz Palminister (he is a comic actor too, go, give him more!), But it is a pleasant gaswhich allows Deniro to do something different the same for a change, bringing his dramatic act in a new field of comedy.
Congratulations to Crystal and Kudrow for no longer his program.
Film line: Crystal: "When you said you needed family therapy, it's not the family I had in mind!"