At one point during the epic crime of the crime of Brian de Palma, the radiant Michelle Pfeiffer turns into an Al Pacino rant and asks a question that the public undoubtedly wanted to wonder: "You cannot stop saying 'Time fucking? "
Fucking good questions.
It is perhaps not an honor that instills filmmakers with pride, but as far as I can say that the script of Oliver Stone contains the said explist more than any other film in the history of cinema.
However, it would be a shame if bad language was all that is recalled by de Palma, because it is a damn gangstar film.
The global structure is similar to the original Howard Hawks of 1932, but this time, the scene went to Miami, Florida and our vice chosen by anti-hero, the vice of cocaine is cocaine traffic.
Pacino, sporting a thick Cuban accent, gives the best performances of his career (Golden Globe Nominée) as Tony Montana, a Cuban refugee with a criminal past that flees Castro and comes to America to live the American dream.
And living him, he does it, with violence of violence, abuse, murder and funny white powder.
From his first jobs as a drug runner for various intermediaries, Tony Montana clearly indicates to all those he meets that he is not a man to kiss (sorry).
Soon, he is the king of cocaine pile, but his warm head and an increasingly out of control addiction proves his loss.
 "Never make your own reserve," warns a character at the start of the film.
As sure as night follows the day, the Miami emperor ends up falling.
The writer Oliver Stone and the director Brian de Palma make an explosive combination here.
Stone's script offers a solid narration and a good development of characters.
The Montana is fascinating; without instruction but calculating, a right shooter who speaks of the heart; an ambitious man and violent however with a conscience.
A fiercely protective man of his 20 -year -old sister -in -law, not wanting her to be sucked in the sumptuous and dangerous world he lives in.
Pacino is dynamite, playing the role with a bristled and bristling energy which, in its most recent films, has often degenerated into simple overtaking.
Pfeiffer also strongly records as an interior lifeless gangstar.
Only Once, Tony expresses a real affection for her and her desire to have children, and even then, you feel that everything he really wants is a regular live and a beautiful object to show his friends, and she is happy to force.
It is not as fleshy as pfieffer that Sharon Stone was in the casino, but it is nevertheless effective and it is well.
As a director, De Palma sets up a number of dramatic scenes with its typical stylistic brauva.
The growing tension he creates in various MOB situations - a drug problem that has gone wrong, an insurance attempt - is often exciting, and in this regard, it is the same equal of scorhes and coppola.
From where he differs, let's say, Coppola trilogy is in its overall treatment.
Coppola gives his crime sagas an opera scan, while in Scarface de Palma opts for a more grumpy sensation.
And this is perfectly suited to the material.
The only major Botch is the score of the synthesizer mainly of the shit of Giorgio Moroder.
It is simply not fair and unfortunately compromises the impact of certain otherwise good scenes.
As expected, Scarface is sometimes very violent, but you shouldn't watch gangster movies if you bother you.
More than two and a half hours, it's a real epic, and if you are a fan of the genre, you will love F * * K minute of it.