With three pre -adolescent children and an aging stepfather to take care of - cook and cleaning and laundry, deposits in the small league training and the collection of the practice of ballet - The life of Margaret Hall is in the grip of success.
And with her husband of the naval officer parked somewhere in the North Atlantic, almost impossible to reach by phone, Margaret leads the mad life of a single parent.
But the eventful world of Margaret is about to become much more complicated.
His teenage son Beau, a talented trumpeter with the strong prospects of being accepted in the music program of Wesleyan University, fell with the bad crowd.
His mother goes from their idyllic community and on the shore of Lake Tahoe City, California, at the sprawling urban metropolis of Reno, Nevada, with her imposing concrete superstructures and her night clubs with shabby neon, to confront the handle of30 years that has become friendly.
 "Make your son away" warns Margaret Darby Reese.
His words, however, seem to fall into the ears of a deaf while Reese puts himself in a state of drunkenness to the family property later in the evening, urging beautiful to join him in the hangar with boats.
There are words and advances and some pushing and pushing and beautiful returns in the house, passed her surprised mother, while the crack of a wooden balustrade giving the path breaks the cold cold cold and a reese in a state of'Drunk gets out of sight.
The next day, during her morning walk, Margaret discovered the lifeless body of Reese, lying crumpled on the shore, a boat anchor impaled in his chest.
With its maternal instincts that make overtime, Margaret quickly transparent the body into the lake, rewards it and throws it over board.
But Margaret's life is about to become much more complicated.
Shortly after the discovery of the body, hung on the line of a local fisherman, Margaret received a visit by one more attractive singer in a red Nova.
Alek Spera threatens to hand over a compromising beau to the police unless Margaret understands $ 50,000 to 4 hours the next day.
But Margaret's life is about to become much more complicated, because Alek turns out to be something that she did not expect.
Based on the novel by Elisabeth Sanxay Holding "The Blank Wall", "The Deep End" is a well -designed thriller written and directed by Scott McGehee and David Siegel ("Suture").
He draws the best party from a talented casting but not particularly well known - Goran Visnjic plays Alek with suave sympathy, Jonathan Tucker shines while the beautiful conflict, Peter Donat is fun as a Hall grandfather, and Josh LucasAn equally small but effective as unhappy Darby Reese.
The film is also photographed with love by Giles Nuttgens and presents an evocative partition, graciousness of Peter Nashel.
But that owes British actress Tilda Swinton.
Swinton, whose ethereal beauty with a pale face has honored many Derek Jarman films ("Caravaggio", "Edward II", "The Last of England"), plays Margaret Hall in "The Deep End" and, like Charlotte RamplingCours of this year "under the sand", transforms a dominant and accomplished performance.
Margaret is a dedicated mother who is ready to risk everything to protect those she loves, and Swinton captures each frustration, each fear, each subtle examination and each fervent realization and each nervous oscillation of her being.
The role requires an extremely wide range of emotions, the least of which is simply to play a mother assaulted with a multitude of domestic responsibilities.
Many can identify with this, of course; it is the concealment of the murder and the blackmail and the fear of losing his son who Swinton is so graciously, so graciously, resonates with the most real colors.
The end is deep, and there is not a single superficial moment in the cannon of Tilda Swinton.