A thriller took place in Seattle Moderne, which marked the migration of Markky Mark of "good vibrations" and "Calvin Klein Unde Ad", for Mark Wahlberg, Thespian-At-Large and a powerful good to that.
Land: Boy (Wahlberg) Meeting Girl (Witherspoon).
The boy loves the girl.
A girl loves the boy.
Boy and girl start to go out together.
Girl's parents are not crazy about the boy.
Girl not to the boy's defense.
Family problems occur.
The girl learns more about the boy.
The boy is going crazy.
The pleasure follows.
Criticism: Have you ever wondered what would happen if your best half proved to be someone other than the person you had come to cherish and love?
Well, if you have done so, then this film is definitely for you.
It is not the most original premise in the world, but it is very well managed here, and quite quickly by the way (90 quick minutes).
I think that one of the main reasons why this film worked for me is the revolutionary performance of Mark Wahlberg (by Boogie Nights Infamy (7. 5/10).
He completely captured all the goodness and wickedness of the main character in this film, and always made me want to see more and more of him (his performance marked him a solid appointment of his main target audience, as "Best bad guy "to MTV Movie Awards 1997).
The soundtrack is also very effective in this context, and of course, the slutty performance of Alyssa Milano is something to which we could all indulge (look for the beautiful bikini and the blows ... if
You are in this kind of thing, that is to say :).
I did not care much about the father / David relationship which seemed to be a little too artificial, but for the most part, I was really in this film.
Again, Dad, dear, had one of the coolest lines in the film when his wife asks him what was the "big deal" that his daughter was released with David.
His answer: "The big problem is that the guy gives me goosebumps, and the girl is my daughter."
good point .
Overall, the film kicked the fun, as insane ass, and actually demonstrated the worst nightmare of all parents.
Notice, I still can't say if Reese Witherspoon is beautiful or a showerbag, but hey, life continues.
And on a personal note, we finally decided to add tacos meat to our Fiesta Nacho usually, and let me tell you everything ... It was a fiery success !!
Another firm recommendation from Joe Schmoe!
Facts little known: director James Foley was the man responsible for Glengarry Glenross (8/10) acclaimed by criticism in 1992, at close range (7. 5/10) in 1986, and even made an episode of Twin Peaksin 1990.
Mark Wahlberg is 5 "9", was born in Massachusetts, abandoned the school (then obtained his GED) and was found guilty of several minor crimes before starting her career as a main singer of Markky Mark andFunky bunch.
Her brother is Donnie Wahlberg from New Kids on the Block.
It also tests the waters on the actor front.