Warren Beatty returns to the most funny, craziest and hardest film of his career.
Based on a story concocted by itself, and also written by Beatty, Bulworth gives a good overview of what Beatty thinks of the American government system.
Beatty embodies senator Jay Bulworth, who is going through a nervous breakdown.
After having hired someone to kill him, he completely changes his campaign strategy and tells the honest truth about what is really going on in American politics, to the great annoyance of assistant Dennis Murphy (Platt.)
Instead, everyone hates it, the American public loves it.
However, inside his party, more people want to kill him than the assassin hired.
And he also strikes a relationship with the black girl Nina (Berry.)
It is remarkable that this film was released.
Much more open than rather moderate primary colors, Bulworth barely gives a good name to the American political system.
The scandalous remarks mean that Bulworth makes its potential voters is very funny, and also somewhat true.
It is great that Beatty is not afraid to unleash himself on a subject.
Speaking of Beatty, he is excellent in the role of the demented senator, having fun.
And seeing Warren Beatty having fun is indeed a rare spectacle.
Even in Dick Tracy, he was the most straightened face actor.
 (Again, he was the only face of the characters we could completely see.)
The film gives the 61 -year -old Beatty the opportunity to engage in certain Raps, which he does with enthusiasm (and as well.)
And see Beatty as a "homeboy" must be considered raw.
It's nice to see that Beatty can laugh by himself.
The second best is Oliver Platt as a agitated and Snichante assistant from Coke, who goes above when he finally breaks.
Halle Berry is good and sexy, as an intellectual nina, who comes as the senator.
Paul Sorvino with a strange accent, Laurie Metcalf is also supporting the same characters she has also played, and Christine Baranski of Cybill Fame as a woman of Bullworths, who all contribute to pleasure.
And, it is a political film, the omnipresent Larry King makes an appearance, as, * shocking *, itself.
The writing and staging, both by Beatty, are above the peer.
The management is very almost sitcom, but is perfectly suited to the film, and the two policies are ganglands parties which are well managed.
The script is funny, and the Raps are actually well produced and humorous, and quite intelligent.
They don't indicate to cringe, at least.
The scenario highlights many points on the company in America today and is not afraid to make daring statements on what is a defective system.
Better still, the film is practicing reflections, but made and written in such a way that the film feels as light as a pen and is very entertaining.
There is also a large rap soundtrack with well-chosen tunes.
Bulworth is a film with many advantages and few faults.
Maybe it could be somewhat embarrassing to see a 61-year-old man rapper, but Beatty does so that it is not relevant.
In fact, there is very little against Bulworth, with the exception of the language which is very heavy, but there again, you have to expect it.
Bulworth is therefore worth watching.
A review by David Wilcock? 1999
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes