I was impatient to see this for a long time.
One of my friends recommended me because he has a crush for Neve Campbell, and he wanted to prove that she was as hot as he thinks.
He proved it for me, but the reasons why I like this film goes far beyond.
Scream walks on a familiar field, a horror film with it, as the star Neve Campbell says, "a stupid killer tracks down a large girl with breasts who cannot act who always climbs the stairs when she should run through thefront door."
It's very familiar, your typical horror film.
So why, you can ask after looking at it, it seems so new and original?
Because it is treated as if it had not been done before, and therefore the spectator is deterred to believe that these are not tired and tired stuff.
It raises another question: how does that do that?
Simple: the characters.
It is not your victims of typical stupid horror film who do not know what devil doing when he is chased by a guy in a ski mask and a machete.
They are horror fans, they know how things are going in a horror film, they know what to do and what not to do, and that makes him frightening, and even funny at times.
You can say it simply by watching the opening scene where Casey Becker (Drew Barrymore) makes popcorn, prepares to watch a video, and a guy who looks like a killer calls him to play a game with her whoimplies a trivacela horror film, if it is wrong, she will make him kill, she and her boyfriend.
She knows what to answer when he asks horror film questions, she just can't answer her latest question: "What do I am I?"
And that makes her kill.
This scene works because in a normal horror film, half of the things that happen in this scene would never happen.
The intrigue is typical horror stuff: Sidney Prescott (an impressive Neve Campbell), a pretty young high school student whose mother's mother was killed a year ago, is tracked down by a killer who already murdered theOne of his classmates (Casey, of course), naturally), and everyone in this small town in California is a suspect, including Sidney's boyfriend Billy Loomis.
But as I have already said, these people know how horror films work, and that's what makes him so attractive.
This and the references to horror films, like when Casey says: "The first (Nightmare on Elm Street) was frightening, but the rest is zero."
Which is obviously the director Wes Craven (who does a good job by making fun of the genre that has made him a legend) tapping his back while he made the first nightmarish film and none of the others, and when Tatum, L'friend of Sidney, says the director, Wes Carpenter, who is obviously a tribute from the writer Kevin Williamson not only Craven, but also the director John Carpenter.
The cast is well chosen, Neve Campbell makes a good heroine (and unlike most heroines of the horror film, she * can * act), Drew Barrymore makes a good impression of Janet Leigh for the short time sheA in the film, and David arquettes estimpressant.
Henry Winkler ("The Fonz") is also good (and funny) in his role.
I took a half-point for the useless appearance (although limited) of Courtney Cox of friends as a journalist, Gail Edwards, Sidney rival because she covered the disappearance of her mother.
I hate this show, I hate these actors.
They are without talent, overexposed and too paid, in my humble opinion, and I think Wes Craven is intelligent enough to know that these actors are sufficiently overexposed, but I suppose that it is not.