No matter what you suspect, it's not your usual action thriller.
The usual suspects are a mysterious intelligent story of the crime of the emerging director Bryan Singer.
It is one of those films which, after everything has been revealed at the end, you immediately want to rewind and look again because the previous scenes take on a new light.
Twist Twists A-Go-Go is what you get here-I abandoned while trying to understand the mystery of Keyser Soze after a while and I sat down and I waited for them to reveal it to me.
Keyser Soze is a name that you will hear at least a hundred times if you look at the usual suspects and for a good reason.
It is not only the name of the boss of mysterious (and perhaps even mythical) crime in the film, it also sums up the film - "Keyser Soze" in Latin means "a story of mystery of the intelligent crime of the director emerging BryanSinger.
Or maybe I shouldn't have bought a dictionary in a foreign language to the same company that makes the encyclopedias of 99 cents sold in supermarkets.
During the opening of the film, a group of known criminals is brought for a police program, including McManus (Stephen Baldwin), Keaton (Gabriel byrne), Fenster (Benicio Del Toro), Buckney (Kevin Pollack) and Verbal (Kevin Spacey, Winnerdu Best actor of the Academy Actor {Symbol 153 \ F "Times New Roman" \ s 10 \ H} for his performance in the film).
The verbal is named because it often emerges on anything or nothing.
He also earns his name as a narrator of the film, gushing memorable lines like "the biggest thing that the devil never pulled was convincing the world that he did not exist" (although, obviously, there is - whichCould Kris Kross have explained unpreouriring in 1996?
We see the story unfolding while Spacey tells it.
The five criminals, after being released from the range, take revenge on the police by exhibiting a corrupt taxi service - by which elite criminals pay to be introduced in smuggling in the city in cop cars - and stealingAll the money and drugs in the car.
This is a final case of male guarantee for the five criminals, who later discover that they were united by the invisible Keyser Soze, who sends them an servant with an offer that they cannot refuse.
Namely, they must destroy SOZE's main competitors in organized crime by infiltrating a ship, shooting a lot of people, burning all medicines and stealing $ 91 million in cash.
Spacey does a great job to give life to his character "cripple" apparently unintelligent and Baldwin, Byrne, Palminteri and the rest do a good cast of support.
The usual suspects are one of those films which skillfully mixes scenes of violence and explosions with an underlying sense of mystery and suspense, keeping the spectator guess until the end - then leaving a few detailsopen to exam and discussion.
I suppose that everything that would be eliminated if I had really rewinded the film and watched it again instead of changing the chain and asking myself in disbelief what Kris Kross did on MTV.
A different mystery, I guess, which can be transformed into a mystery _mUDER_ if this video comes back ...