John Carpenter directed this elegant and bloody vampire film to which has its good side and it's bad.
It is retained by good performance and dazzling special effects leading to an end which is quite satisfactory.
James Woods gives an exceptional performance that almost covers the film.
The good side: some scenes neat with vampires and violence.
The bad: no fear.
Yes, it is true, even if it is led by one of the most dear directors of horror, the "vampires" are the least frightening, if not at all.
James Woods embodies Jack has vampire Hunter to stop the plans of the vampire "master" played by Thomas Ian Griffith who wants vampires to walk in daylight.
Daniel Baldwin plays his acolyte Montoya, a guy who does not crack who is really not so funny.
In the opening scene, Jack with Montoya and the Vampire Hunter team, find an abandoned house to which Vampire occupies.
Of course, we all know that the sun kills vampires, and that's how they kill these vampires: hang them on ropes and drag them outside, letting them burn to death.
After organizing a party for what happened, the vampires who have not died came back to throw it away.
They kill almost the whole Jack team, leaving only a few living.
Sheryl Lee plays a Katrina prostitute who was bitten by Valek, but not yet transformed into a vampire.
She is saved by Jack and? Flee with them on their search for Valek.
They have to fight, they are far from vampires, which led to a well -made finish with major special effects.
The "vampires" could certainly have been better made.
Makeup, special effects and history are of first order, but there is no fear or terror that the film could have had.
For me, it had more humor than horror, almost compared to the `Night Fright '' with the mixture of violence and comedy.
John Carpenter does a great job to direct this film.
It supports itself through difficult times and saves faults, which are perceptible but forgettable.
The script is intelligent and funny, with many lines that make us laugh aloud.
I really appreciated the "vampires" with a few exceptions.
This is one of those films you see but do not take to heart.
You appreciate the time you spent and continue.
The recently published "psycho" is in the same way, it's not as good as you hoped, but it is fun and entertaining.
"Vampires" is a good horror film without fear but many other content to please the spectator.