"Rebel without cause" is such an important film in American history because it is a real analysis of young people in America to which everyone can relate.
Everyone feels that they are different in one way or another, that they do not belong to certain places and that "Rebel without because" successfully displays these universal emotions on the screen.
Whatever generation you belong to, these feelings are present.
This is why James Dean is admired by America, because in this film, he represents us all and his actions are actions that we would also perform.
In our minds, we just try to do the right thing as Jim Stark does Dean.
Not only "rebel without cause" displays these universal emotions so that everyone relates, but it also shows that America has undergone a uniqe model in its social structure.
Each generation looks at its past generation without strong connection.
Indeed, times change and in response people change.
No matter your popularity once, as your generation ages, the more recent breeds are looking at you in a different light.
This is why Stark and his friends could never establish a solid relationship with their parents.
Even if their parents insisted that they were also rebellious and annoying in the past, adolescents could not believe it.
In a humorous scene, Stark, his girlfriend Judy (Natalie Wood), and her friend Plato (Sal Mineo) claim that they are adults.
They use British accents of the upper class and in their conversations, they reveal that children are not good and must be ignored.
This scene shows that what was once cool in a past generation is the complete opposite in another.
Speaking on behalf of my generation, I think Dean has lost much of its freshness from our point of view as the years grew up.
The only ones who still seem the lioniser are the members of its generation.
Go for Brando, Redford, even Deniro.
I can only imagine how much Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and Brad Pitt will be visible in the middle of the 21st century.
Will Dean even be recalled when these new arrivals are forgotten?
Any film that triggers this kind of thought is certainly an important step in the American film.
Even if "rebel without cause" has ridiculous scenes (the chicken game-did people really act in this way?), An incredible conclusion (how did everyone end up in the abandoned manor at the end?), And a silly romance (Wood declares his love for Dean after having spoken to him for a few hours) is always a fabulous film.
The game is so credible that it is not surprising that Dean is considered the quintessence of cool.
Now, however, freshness fades ...