Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
East meets West in Mulan, the last episode of the Disney parade of annual animation feature films.
A strange fusion of old Asian traditions and disconcerting elements that betray the obvious massive market business sensitivities, this confident entry is easily the lively characteristic of the most attractive and satisfactory Hollywood for years, but does not receive its potential.
But not for lack of trying.
In many ways, Mulan is among the most mature efforts of Disney, along the surface of the adult themes and daring to welcome the disorderly side of the fight.
The Violence of the Battles in The Film Are Admittedly Sanitized - The Imagery of A Pillage Village, Neatly Ecapsulated in the Form of A Child's Discarded Doll, is in Itself No More Harrowing Than Luke Discovering His Fallen Guardians in Star Wars, and Mulan's Laterl'heroism in the sending of ruthless invaders is finished in the most well -stored and bloody method imaginable - but how often a Hollywood animated film, long considered the last safe refuge for the innocent and dose the consecutive horrorsWar in these such as a provocative way?
In a moment, the innocence of an idealistic mulan is lost, and its jovial squadron remembers what their efforts have gone to defend.
The film, based on an old Chinese fable, focuses on a fiery young woman who disguises herself as a man in order to serve as a compulsory conscript of her family when China finds himself attacked by Huns (illustrated caricatured by easy demonic connotations, filled withbrilliant yellow eyes and teeth with dagger, although a sense of surprisingly authentic threat) lent.
Piant in the mythology of other cultures for the first time after having cavillated in animated revisitions of fables and Western / European literature familiar for decades, the new Disney film is daring in ancient China rather than moving elsewhere, theIntact history, on a neutral territory, ETSE revels in its roots of East Asia; apart from an Asian-American predominance distribution providing the vocal work of the film, there is a liberal use of eastern iconographyEverywhere, and the work of art reveals clues of the influence of Japanese anime.
While the film occasionally reaches its limits and begins to walk on old stereotypes - to invoke pseudo -Asian references to articles like Beancur and Rice with each third sentence becomes rather fortuitously * included blocks of stone in karate in two - it isRather remarkable than a film mainly positioned for the American and European public explores if with all my heart in a new foreign territory.
The film also freely tackles cultural idiosyncrasies from the start; although experienced viewers should easily take up the intrinsic immediately, it is surprisingly asserted by providing the least stenography than for young unknown people with regard to customs and traditions of the traditions ofLands of Mulan.
Basically, the film is a story of heroic adventure, and as such, it paints its history in blows of honor, perseverance, nobility and courage.
As such, animation is the perfect vehicle for this flavor of epic, where striking emotional simplicity is capable of working with hand effectively in hand with visual purity.
The scenes which would take place as unbearably Hokey in live action, like the venerable father of Mulan, throwing aside his cane by accepting his notice, are ready a feeling of force and transmitted with greater emotional clarity in animation.
Mulan capitalized on this during its strongest moments, in particular during the half hour of opening defining the character of our heroine.
It is at this moment that the film tries to integrate the traditional pillars of recent Hollywood animation - the friendship companion, the colorful painting of support characters - in the mix where it goes Sli Ghtly Awry.
In the fight, Mulan finds himself dragged by a dragon diminutive by Jive-Talking called Mushu and a pleasant "lucky" "lucky" cricket, which seems ostensibly to help in its subterfuge and serve as comic relief adapted to the public.
These are affable presence, and not precisely ineffective - reasonable amounts of humor are obtained, and Eddie Murphy (who expresses Mushu) is fun - but in the middle of the whole melodrama, the effect is slightly discordant and,A prospect of narration, questionable in its necessity.
At the training camp, Mulan Antagonise and ends up winning a trio of Tâtes recruits (easily characterized simply as the short clown, the lean clown and the big clown), which offer more lightness in the film with resolutely less effective and effective efficiency and, in a familiar unrechage of traditional Disney models, she cultivates a certain penchant for a beautiful young captain with square jaws, Shang.
Everyone needs love, even ancient Chinese warrior princesses, but not necessarily in * this * film.
The romantic angle, which leaves the air out of the sails of the neo-feminist foundations of history, lacks real spark and takes place as a contractual obligation.
Another basic food of the recent Disney animated films, a cache of small humans, was also forced to lead to Mulan but turns out to be a decided weakness.
Composed by Matthew Wilder, none of the handles of songs distinguish particularly, and a - "I will make a man to you" (accompanying without imagination a tired montage with our crew of characters turning into lean combat machines) - becomes of it, theGrin and hacking seem almost endless.
Only the "reflections", a first ballad of lamentation, turns out to be a song with all consequences, serving as an effective showcase for Lea Salonga, one of the purest voices in musical theater.
Nevertheless, Mulan is a particularly attractive work of the Disney factory, with a strong narrative arc and a pleasant work of art; Hun Warriors's computer scrambles charged on a mountain of snow is quite impressive.
Although the elements obviously adapted to children sometimes seem incongruous with the rest of the film, they are not dissuasive and remain quite pleasant.
Rhythmic with an intelligent and energetic heroine filled with strong adventures, the film is ultimately the most satisfactory on the intimate scale of the father and the daughter.