It happened.
A film that is well scripted, well played and well directed.
It implies, suspense ...
He even has an unexpected turn at the end which contains a punch like a blow to the solar plexus.
But to accept your premise, you also have to accept a spiritual lie.
The sixth sense is this film.
Featuring Bruce Willis (Armageddon) as a children's psychologist and Haley Joel Osment (Forrest Gump) as a young man in difficulty, the sixth sense is more frightening than frightening, although he contains disturbing images designed to surprise.
Cole Sear (Osment), eight years old, sees dead.
Not just in dreams.
And not only like lifeless bodies.
He sees them walking like ordinary people.
And he sees them all the time.
Dr.malcolm Crowe (Willis) tries to help him.
He recognizes in Cole a good number of the same attributes as one of his previous patients that Crowe failed, led this patient by pulling on Crowe before turning the pistol on himself.
If Crowe could find a way to help Cole, he thinks he may well be able to put his own demons to rest.
But he must first gain Cole's confidence.
The boy is so frightened by what he sees, he closed emotionally, not wanting to say to anyone ...
Not Crowe, not even his own mother (Toni Collette, Clockwatchers) ...
About his "secrets".
Crowe begins to spend more and more time with him, even if his own marriage begins to dissolve around him, his wife Anna (Olivia Williams, Rushmore) becoming cold and distant because of her negligence towards her and his concern forthe boy.
Bruce Willis underestimates its role, allowing the excellent script to do most of the character development work.
Crowe goes from the treatment of a boy in difficulty who does not communicate, to treat a boy in difficulty who has hallucinations, to wonder if there may not be any truth behind what the boy sees.
M.Willis does a usable job, letting the focus stay on history rather than his personality in the screen of familiar action heroes.
Haley Joel Osment, eleven years old, manages to impress us with his performance.
It demonstrates an incredible quantity of self-comparison as well as an ability to play nuances in a complex character as if he were a seasoned pro.
It's a good job for such a tender age.
Keep an eye on this young man.
The support distribution is also quite effective.
Toni Collette, as a confused, frustrated and frustrated mother who cannot understand what happens to her child; Olivia Williams, like the former love of Crowe who emotionally closes her husband's lack of attention; and Donnie Wahlberg (Ransom) as Crowe's ex-patte, now growing, which illustrates his doctor's failure to help him in the most lively terms imaginable.
Twenty-eight years oldnight shyamalan (Wide Awake) made his own script, maintaining appropriate tension throughout the film and creating the narration so expert that the full impact of the film is not reached before its last moments, when a surprising revelation forces a reassessment of everything that preceded it.
It is a rare film that manages to succeed this and Mr. Sonyamalan, as manager, must certainly be congratulated.
By giving the sixth sense a "three stars" criticism favorable for its know-how and its artistic merit, I must also emphasize that, spiritually speaking, the film is very misleading.
There is no scriptural basis on which to base a belief in ghosts or "living dead".
The concept of death being a door to another plan of existence is a diabolical lie that has existed since man himself.
The first lie recorded in the Bible was designed by the serpent which assured Eve: "You will not die surely", a direct contradiction of the exhortation of God.
This same lie was perpetuated endlessly through the ages.
The Scriptures speak of a moment when the dead resuscitate but This wonderful demonstration of victory over death will only begin after the second coming of Christ ...
An event that has not yet taken place.
Consequently, the dead remain in a state of forgetting, having no conscience, until this time expected as long as the last asset.
And then, you will need six senses to record all the joy and rejoicing that will resist in the heavens.