What is freedom?
How to determine who is free?
In 1839, these questions were more difficult to answer than they are now.
However, the errors of our ancestors must be examined in order to rectify current situations.
That is to say, in substance, what the captivating drama of Steven Spielberg "Amietad" speaks.
Thanks to its various dramas, Spielberg presents a case on a group of Africans who, after being seized with their house, were forced to a ship and sent to the United States aboard "the Amistad".
On their way, the slaves, led by Cinque (Djimon Hounsou), rebelled, killing part of the crew.
However, the ship was still directed to the United States, where Africans were tried under murder.
In the court, various factions demand the property of the slaves and therefore try to seize them.
The United States government, led by President Martin Van Buren (Nigel Hawthorne), and the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State, Forsyth (David Paymer), tries to ship Africans to Spain, where Isabella II(Anna Paquin), 11 years old, wants them to come back.
The two Spaniards who own "the Amistad" want the slaves for themselves.
The American ship that found the slaves wants them too.
In the midst of this there are two abolitionists (Stellan Skaarsgard and Morgan Freeman), who want the slaves to be free.
They call on lawyer Matthew McConaughey, who tries to release them.
Thanks to various legal proceedings, the case appears before the Supreme Court, where it is argued by former president John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins).
The film itself is a visual wonder.
Spielberg's favorite, Janusz Kaminski, defines the film in a dark and dark mood if necessary, and a visual framework if necessary.
Sometimes the film is very slow and very methodical.
However, Spielberg is not at its best here, because the audience scenes tend to drag.
The film is, in essence, an audience drama, whose events are simplified.
The characterization is also low, displaying weaknesses in the construction of characters such as the lawyer Baldwin (McConaughey), and in particular the abolitionist of Morgan Freeman.
But Spielberg's best work in the film, the opening scene, a scene from the Cinque family, and the brutal journey of slaves to America, is completely magnificent.
It is this emotional force that carries the film.
McConaughey is superb as a lawyer defending Africans, Hopkins is sensational as an old Adams, Freeman is exceptional when used (Spielberg largely under uses his supreme talents), and the rest of the distribution is stellar.
However, the film belongs to Hounsou.
Its emotional intensity is brilliant.
Spielberg manages to do the same the slowest scenes that focus on Hounsou, and the extraordinary power of the film is simply captivating.
The film is imperfect, because most of the support characters are only cardboard.
But that doesn't matter.
The story is captivating and extreme importance.
Congratulations to Spielberg for having found it, find the right men for work and let the public listen to the words of Cinque.
A good job all around.