Ingredients: The man suffering from amnesia who wakes up wanted for murder, a dark science fiction city controlled by foreign beings with mental powers.
Synopsis: What if you woke up one day and suspecting that you were not on earth, and that you were rather part of an experience in a giant space terrarium manipulated by Intergalactic extraterrestrial zoo guards?
In Dark City, John Murdoch (Rufus Sewell) has this problem.
Dark City begins as a mystery of AMNESIA detective from the 1940s.
Poor John wakes up with amnesia in a hotel room with a dead lady in a corner.
A mysterious telephone call tells him to get out of there, and soon John is prosecuted throughout the city by a deadly army of pale people in layers of black trenches, as well as by the police, and the obstinate inspector Bumstead (William (Williamumblesser).
Is John a murderer, and what can they tell him his missing memories?
He searches through his own portfolio for possible contacts and clues.
But when the clues do not correspond, that does not only confuse it; it brings John to question the whole nature of reality in the dark city.
For John, something is shady and very unreal in this city.
How is it that it is always dark, and no one seems to remember what they did this morning?
And how is it that no one seems to remember how to leave the city, or how to get to Shell Beach nearby?
Each evening, around midnight, John notes that the whole city enters a state of hanging animation, and at that time, frightening extraterrestrial experimenters called `` foreigners '' come out and do unpleasant things like injecting false memories into theHead of people with large hypodermic needles.
Foreigners have the capacity to "settle" or distort reality using telepathic powers.
It turns out that the city is not at all on earth.
And the reason why John is not the victim of the animation in night suspension, it is because it is a human mutation which has the same capacities of reality similar to God as foreigners.
Even with the help of scientist Dr. Daniel Schreber, can John take over the black city?
Opinion: Director Alex Proyas (he also produced the crow) mentions it in the press kit of the city of Dark: in films, science fiction is always "used to have large spaces exploding cities.
I think we are a little tired. "
According to director Proyas, the most interesting thing of Dark City is probably his diapers.
It is designed so that you can see the film again and examine it from the point of view of a main character other than Murdoch.
It is a philosophical piece.
Cinematographic science fiction is essentially a shooting barely disguised between good humans and bad extraterrestrials (whether klingons, giant bugs or supporters of the dark side of the force).
But science fiction in books goes beyond the level of "Shoot-Em-up" and targets big questions, questions as are we?
What is human condition?
What is ethics?
What would a real human being do?
Far from the comic style style on the order of Spawn, Batman, or the Ninja mutant turtles, Dark City presents not only the confrontation between good humans and powerful extraterrestrials, but he also poses questions worthy of films such as BrazilOr the Blade Runner.
Dark City is what philosophers would call an existentialist scenario.
A little over 200 years ago, the world was filled with unhappy farmers - - unhappy because almost all aspects of their lives were controlled by totalitarian, military, conformist and medieval regimes.
The people took refuge in religion, the idea being that earthly life was a moment of suffering, but after death, paradise would be available.
Meanwhile, the state used these same ideas to support their regimes; the king was often the head of religion and therefore sanctioned by heaven.
When science finally canceled religion, medieval dictatorships have dropped and were replaced by democratic governments.
But the new fear was that the power of science and experimentation was used for CR Eate a global order as dark as the old one.
This is the time time when writers and philosophers such as Freud, Kant, Kafka, Nietzsche and Dostoevsky have thought about what society should be, and what place the individual had there.
Existentialists in particular have written on the power of the individual alone against what can be a hostile, indifferent or alienated universe.
In Dark City, when the last dying, defeated Alien asks John Murdoch why the scientific experiences of extraterrestrials on the brain of human beings failed, Murdoch replies, pointing his head, "because the human condition is not located here. "