It seemed completely appropriate to a weekend screening of "The Horse Whisperer", the start of the film was delayed for about twenty minutes due to "projection difficulties".
Robert Redford's cinematographic version of the best -selling novel in Nicholas Evans was supposed to have been in theaters last December, compete with "Titanic", but only makes its long -awaited debut.
This (strategic?)
Delay allowed "The Horse Whisperer" to compete, without brass band, against certain smaller and unpretentious films for a relatively slower period at the box office.
never mind .
Redford's film is held at the head and shoulders above the ocean tragedy of James Cameron, in particular in the writing and actor departments.
Whatever the reasons for his postponement, "The Horse Whisperer" supports the old adage "better late than never".
Redford took Evans' book and gave it the big screen treatment.
While some parts of "The Horse Whisperer" are of epic scope and vision, in particular the aerial "travel story that maps this great country, its true strength lies in the subtleties it uses to paint the fragile allianceBetween man and beast.
When her daughter, Grace, is involved in a terrible driving accident, the editor of hard fashion Annie Maclean (Kristin Scott Thomas) devotes herself to the rehabilitation of the beloved horse of Grace and Grace, Pilgrim.
By refusing that the hideously disfigured animal reduced, Annie does research on each possible source of information on equine remedies before discovering an article on a cowboy of the faith entitled Tom Booker (Redford), which has a means withHorses and, perhaps, with the people too.
Not discouraged by Tom's initial reluctance to get involved, Annie leads Grace and a pilgrim under sedation across the country to meet him, and finally persuades Tom to work with the uncontrollable animal.
Redford's film takes place slowly and with love, echoing the patience required to cure physical and psychological wounds.
The film is a bit long and, even if you have not read the book, it is quite obvious where it is heading - but these are minor complaints.
Redford and Thomas are strong and convincing like the couple designed by a mutual affection for the great outdoors and each other, but it is Scarlett Johansson as a grace that shines in a more difficult role.
Dianne Wiest, Chris Cooper ("Lone Star") and Sam Neill - Better that I haven't seen him before - going beyond the respectable support cast.
And respect for the director for horses is clearly evident.
A word of warning, however: although brilliantly turned, the accident scene, involving an uncontrollable truck, is extremely disturbing.
Redford's canvas is huge and exquisite.
He does not hesitate to incorporate large tentacular views from the American northwest: spectacular and snowy mountain ranges, an azure sky and radical wheat fields - all shone in the viewfinder of the director of photography Robert Richardson.
The English composer veteran John Barry was originally signed to mark the film but left the project which is a shame, because "The Horse Whisperer" is "Dances With Wolves" by "Out of Africa" (The winners of the Oscars Alltwo for Barry).
Fortunately, the replacement of Barry, Thomas Newman, contributes to a fine score which balances the majesty of Montana well by the delicate human conditions - sound passages and loaded with ropes which swell with a pride playing counterpoint to more poetic movements and mature introspectivewith clouds.
 "The Horse Whisperer" is this type of rare film: it looks good, it feels good, and by Golly, it does you good.
It turns out that the wait was worth it.