In 1995, Brian Singer and Christopher McQuarrie imagined a simple concept: the public is not stupid.
From that, they continued and created the most motivated and complex film in the past 25 years.
The result: the usual suspects, a hell of a film that redefines the word twist.
The story is convoluted and is really confusing to read, although easy to follow on the screen.
The Special Kujan investigator (Palminister Chazz) Kint (Kevin Spacey) "verbal" grids, a con -aromine which is the only survivor of an explosion of boat which claimed more than 20 victims.
Kujan wants to confirm that his sworn enemy, the cop Voyou Keaton (Gabriel Byrne), is actually dead.
Kint tells the majority of the film in Flashback, starting with fateful day when five shifty guys meet in a range of police lessons in New York.
With Dour Keaton, Kintly meets Sociopath McManus (Stephen Baldwin), biting Sarcastic Hockney (Kevin Pollak) and Fenster (Benicio Del Toro), whose word is practically incomprehensible.
Together, they plot to steal a small fortune in the jewels of the "best New York taxi services" - the Croooked cops who provide an escort service to visit drug pingis.
The following is a game of shells of violence and betrayal, all dependent on the identity of a mysterious villain called Keyser Soze.
The film is brilliantly compact: it is the shortest 90 minutes that you will never pass in a cinema.
The cast is exceptional.
Palminteri shines, he is brutally honest, a real cop, the one that goes after the whole story because it is there.
Byrne is great, its brooding character, its seriousness is necessary to complete the hysteria of Benicio Del Toro, which is a riot like Fenster.
Del Toro is brilliant, its lines are a scrambled mess, you cannot understand a word that man says, but it's really funny.
Baldwin is also very good, he is careful, methodical and cold, a scary character with an unpleasant series of hot blood sarcasm.
Pollak is also great as usual, a very good actor of character.
However, it will be forever known as the film that launched Kevin Spacey.
Spacey is simply breathtaking, it is a force on the screen, giving a magnetic performance that affects the senses at the end of this twisted labyrinth.
Spacey's performance will be remembered for years, because it is the best of his career, it may be the best performance of supporting players in the past 50 years.
Verbal Kint is an intelligent, weak, oppressed and happily evil storyteller with the bone, but pitiful, which attracts sympathy.
The film is good, a decent film until the last 10 minutes.
What this film comes down is the greatest end of cinematographic history, for me at least.
The revelation of Keyser Soze, the fence rifles is something wonderful.
You have to see this film about 10 times to believe what they are doing.
Congratulations to Mcquarrie and the singer for having given the public a delicious, fast and furiously focused film with the intrigue with original characters, a phenomenal game and hilarious moments stuck in the middle.
Mcquarrie refuses to believe that the public is stupid.
Without providing too much details, he checks his story and lets him run, hoping that the public get him at the end.
We do .
It may be the best cinematographic puzzle ever created.
Congratulations also in Singer and John Ottman, who created the score.
They both create what is a real film-or-or adjustment, carefully putting this complex puzzle until the final and shocking end.
There are faults: more questions raised than the answers, the lack of development of the character and no strong female character (except one).
However, the intrigue, and this astonishing end, compensate for all the faults and more.
If you haven't seen the film, rent it.
Look at that.
Then rewind the strip and look at it again.
Believe me, you will be amazed.