The first part of the series "The The Films Made" by Made "on www.mediajunkies.com
By Scott Watson
[Light spoilers, nothing should read]
Existez has been called "a sticky matrix", and although it is a correct description in some respects, in others, it is completely deactivated.
The only thing the two films have in common is the idea of a virtual reality which is indistinguishable from normal and "real" reality.
A major difference is that "the matrix" has a basic reality which is obviously the real reality, while existed makes the impossible and makes us accept the most bizarre reality of all time.
And oh what reality it is.
David Cronenberg has already shown us that he knows how to create strange films (naked lunch, crash), but he is one of the strangest.
It may be because of the way the ordinary is mixed with the bizarre.
The technology is organic, but only a part.
The cars are normal.
The service stations are the same.
Mobile phones are brilliant insects like appendages.
You mark a virtual reality game using a trembling pink animal like the device (simply called a "pod").
High technology has been replaced by organic creatures, and it provides a truly surreal framework for the characters.
A famous game designer, Allegra Geller (a beautiful Jennifer Jason Leigh), flees a demonstration of her latest game, existed, after an assassination attempt.
She is on the run (from whom, I am still not sure), and must save her pod by playing her game with "someone friendship".
This friendly person is his doubtful companion and his security guard, Ted Pikul (Jude Law).
Unfortunately, a fundamental requirement is missing to play, a bioport.
A sort of hole in your spine (ok, exactly like a hole in your spine), a bioport allows you to connect the vaguely trained wires of the pod in you, allowing you to play the game.
Fortunately, a bioport can be easily installed (they install them in shopping centers), so they will get one.
After a crazy series of events at the local service station, they are able to connect and play existence.
The intrigue itself is a surreal fusion of plots, the distortion of reality, Chinese restaurants and multi-appeal amphibian things ("It is a sign of the time").
But the intrigue, although cohesive in its frightening way is secondary to try to understand what is happening in this universe.
Cronenberg slaps this bizarre organic world in viewers of viewers, and it's up to you to understand how all these things work.
And it is the true joy of this film, entering the vaguely nightmarish world in which existed takes place.
You learn a little piece by piece (oh, they make them pods), and that's just enough to make you accept the world that is presented to you.
There are all kinds of twists and turns when the characters walk around, including a fantastic scene in a Chinese restaurant that will let you try to bring something together with your Pan Moo Goo Gai for months after.
In addition, bioports are sometimes used for other things than in portage in Extenz, the specificities that I will let you discover.
There are a lot of little things that have triggered the bizarre-o-meter, like the small cloves of tiny that you can buy in the video game store, the two-headed amphibian creature, and why this guy in the name ofThe gas station seems to be "Gas".
All this is added to a supremely distant journey, and taking into account the choice, I think I prefer to live in the virtual world of the matrix ...
Oh wait, I'm already doing it.