After watching "Rat Race" last week, I noticed that my cheeks were painful and I realized that, not laughing out loud, I had a smile for almost the 112 minutes of the film.
Saturday evening, I attended another preview of the film and damned if I did not appreciate it as much as the first.
 "Rat Race" is a great clumsy delight, a dandy mixture of energetic performance, inspired views of view and flat stupidity.
By far, it is the most fun film of summer.
The film begins with retro zippy style opening credits which seem to have been torn directly from a Slapstick comedy from the 60s, featuring animated photos of the distribution attached to herky jerky bodies delimiting around the screen.
Then comes the configuration.
Donald Sinclair (John Cleese), the extremely rich owner of the Venetian hotel and the casino in Las Vegas, likes to concoct unusual bets for his riding customers.
To this end, he places half a dozen very special tokens in his slot machines.
Bringing together lucky tokens holders, he explains: "Today, you have a chance to play a game where the chances of winning are one in six."
The competition is simple: each competitor obtains a key which opens a locker to Silver City, N.m., containing 2 million dollars in cash.
There is a transmitter in each key, so that Sinclair and his friends can follow who is ahead.
The race has no rules? Whatever the competitor reaching the locker first obtains money.
Since it would be wrong to spoil the jokes, let's use the next paragraphs to profile runners.
Panted flashy and trashy clothes and big hair, Vera Baker (Whoopi Goldberg) is in town to find the girl she abandoned for adoption as a baby.
She notes that Merrill (Lanai Chapman) is an adult, is scholarly, conservative and more than a slightly suspicious of this stranger trying to jump in her life.
Throwing together, it becomes clear that the two women share a fierce competitive nature.
Owen Templeton (Cuba Gooding Jr.) is currently the most hated man in America.
NFL referee, it cost players throughout the country of enormous sums of money by making a call in a high -level game.
After having escaped an avenging taxi driver, Owen goes to New Mexico by pretending to be the driver of a bus of imitators from Lucy Ricardo heading towards an agreement.
M .Pollini (Rowan Atkinson) is a strange and strange little Italian man on vacation in America.
He is also narcoleptic and falls asleep at the most inappropriate moments.
Pollini reaches a tour with Zack (Wayne Knight), a hyper-tens ambulance driver with a human heart across the country for a transplantation operation.
Randy Pear (Jon Lovitz) promised his wife Beverly (Kathy Najimy) and two children of fun holidays in Las Vegas.
Fearing that Beverly be angry with his involvement in the race, he claims that he must go to Silver City for a job interview.
Beverly insists that the family stay together, so they jump into the mini-van and stand out in the desert.
The Duane brothers (Seth Green) and Blaine (Vince Vieluf) Cody are young, twisted and stupid.
Blaine has an obstacle to speech because of his poorly conducted language drilling, and Duane is the only person who can get closer to understanding it.
The boys will stop at nothing to achieve their goal.
Finally, Nick Shaffer (Breckin Meyer) is a freelance lawyer who recruits the Helicopter Pilot Tracy Faucet (Amy Smart) for the trip.
At first glance, they seem very healthy, but everything that changes when Tracy buzzes the house of his boyfriend Shawn (Dean Cain) and the Espire swim with another woman.
Director Jerry Zucker ("plane", "Ghost") jumps from runner to runner, returning periodically to Las Vegas where Sinclair and MR.grisham (Dave Thomas), his right -handed man, continues to cook bizarre bets forPlayers.
As with any Zucker production, some jokes fall Flat, but the momentum of comedy goes beyond these false steps.
The high points for me include a little involving Kathy Bates as a roadbody seller and a tab of the complex installation which transports Jon Lovitz and his family from a bizarre museum to an outdoor rally, withA completely unnecessary and crying refund.
If I had been part of the cinema team, I would have abandoned a joke where a key fell into a baby's clothes and the key is lost in the neckline of a matron of society.
He would have attracted the same laughter without the suspicion of agricultural assault.
I would also have selected a different group for a concert sequence.
My God, do we really need another film with Smash Mouth performs "All Star?"
But enough carpage.
 "RAT RACE" is a riot, with formidable without restraint of diversified distribution.
See it, see it again and when the DVD comes out, buy it, because a film that hilarious will surely have outings to die.