Go is a gloriously smooth hip machine.
The director Liman (who also photographed Go) and the August screenwriter celebrate the drug / rave scene in L. Un., Preferring to take snapshots (comic) of young people in difficulty rather than criticizing them.
After more than ninety minutes of pill, tantric sex, car prosecution and attempted murder, Go even has a happy ending.
This is the kind of film that gives the members of the Dove Foundation that divides headaches; while Go Wound, I expected a sermon of murder-masque-toteric-Tarteric-Tanteric-Tasé-Chaste-ChasteWho arrived (fortunately) who did not happen.
Pulp fiction of Tarantino, Go is made up of three distinct but related stories.
The bases are as follows: Ronna (Polley) is a clerk of the bitter grocery store confronted with the expulsion which turns to the drug for the additional dough.
His colleague, Simon (the unlikely name Askew), is an ecstatic British clubber about his first trip to Vegas.
Zack (MOHR) and Adam (Wolf) are soap opera stars that escape a deadly career conviction by helping a particular cop (Fichtner) in a drug bust.
Perhaps because the innovative structure of the non-linear masterpiece of Tarantino is now an old hat, the foods powered by ID have delighted me but rarely surprised me (with the exception of this reading cat'spirit!);
Pulp Fiction Zigzag has on the unexpected roads, but we see wheels to go from its first flash frame to the last.
Torontonian Polley (from The Sweet below) refused to advertise it for this photo on the grounds that it "was not satisfied" of its turn as an unhappy cashier.
In Go, she delivers her best performance to date.
Here is an actress (surface) who agreed to appear on the poster, but does not support her team in the junket or in interviews; this type of arrogance is common for sep.polley, as anyone read her programPolitics in the Canadian press will tell you.
If she does not want to be the ingenuous of the moment, she should have said "no", is not going.
But I'm getting lost.
Go is a fun film, so Chipperly depraved you can't help but deactivate your moral judgment for its duration and enjoy the ride.
In this sense, it is a departure from Liman's latest film, Swingers, which has at least gave conferences against self-absorption in the form of Trent de Vince Vaughan and his subtle co-pump in the intelligent epilogue of the'History (which was seen by McDonald's for their last advertisement).
I want me to worry more about Go's characters: like the techno music they listen to, the groups of anarchists exposed here are both absorbent and empty.
When the lights went elected and stung their eyes, it was difficult to remember what he entertained to me.
However, entertain me.
Go is light and sparkling, with convincing, if not endearing work of Polley, Timothy Olyphant (Scream 2), and above all Fire, whose homoerotic behavior is treated for effective laughs.
Fichtner is a character actor best known to have played backstabbers (in Heat, Armageddon and others); his previously unexploited comedy shines in Go.
Unlike a large part of the film, Fichtner is unpredictable.