The premise of the new targeted horror film for adolescents "Final Destination" provokes a memory of a memorable Halloween episode.
After trying to repair a defective toaster, Homer Patriarch adorable adorable realizes that he has created a portable time machine.
After a hike in the Cretaceous period, Homer observes that any minor modification made there will burst into a standard chain of events and will seriously change the world today.
Again and again, Homer Toys with the master plan and pays a lot for that.
The characters of the "final destination" also falsified the patterns of the plan of their existence - their "design".
Someone follows it with the strict intention to correct the error.
That someone is death.
You see, Alex Browning (Devon Sawa) and six others deceived the Grim Reaper ....
But the guy has tips in his sleeve.
For an excursion to high school, the French class of Alex goes to Paris by air transport.
Alex, tense and neurotic, has a shocking premonition after boarding: he sees the plane, and each passenger on this subject, explodes spontaneously in the air.
In a panic of madness, Alex makes his way through the aisle and asks for the withdrawal of the plane.
After a handful of others (including a teacher), follow and are denied admitted on the plane, the involuntary? The watch of the survivors with horror while the plane actually explodes in the brown night sky.
The wacky vision Alex actually feels materializing.
But death will not be so easily deceived, and one by one, the survivors of flight 180 are offered in mysteriously horrible circumstances.
The counting of the macabre murder confuses local officials and the FBI.
Before diving into the meat of the review, I would just like to confer ....
Is it a Helliluva premise, or what?
The "final destination", frightening beyond rational understanding, probably reads more like a disturbing "X-Files" episode than "Simpsons"-therefore, surprise is minimal when you discover that mutual creators behind areGlen Morgan and James Wong.
On the familiar lawn, the task of establishing a place is not difficult for Morgan and Wong, and the first 20 minutes of "final destination" reflect this.
Unlike most thrillers, the configuration is clear and fresh.
You sincerely hopes, sincerely, that the momentum will not take place, leaving us with a second string effort with nothing other than cheap derivative shocks.
Young viewers have a palpable reason to expect this type of formula deterioration, with `` I know what you did last summer. ''With a clever premise that simply plunged like an anvil - `urban legend '.
After the configuration, when I was confronted with apprehension on my chair, I started to really have fun with the "final destination".
Low and here, a teenager thriller which is actually disturbing, in fact suspense and - yes - in fact intelligent.
A slot logic and a bunch of characteristic gender defects, this film is among the most refreshing horror films and the most pleasant to overwhelm since the advanced "cry" in 1996.
The "final destination" stimulates the nerves and offers an exhilarating reprisals against all the shit of slasher splashed with blood that we have endured in recent years.
Not that the characters are so good.
Sawa is a game as axle, a connect-the-dots personality that we never fully understand.
In addition, the survivors are Endearing Geek Tod (Chad E. Donella), Jocky Control-Freak Carter (Kerr Smith of `Dawson's Creek '), Carter's Ditzy Girlfriend Terry (Amanda Detmer), The Non-Too-Subtly Named Billy Hitchcock (Seann William Scott, Comic lukewarm relief supplier) and a lonely teacher - The emotionally delicate sep. Lewton (Kristin Cloke).
Aside from Alex, the main center of interest is intended to be Ali Larter ("Varsity Blues"), playing an abstract character named Clear Rivers ( What did his parents think of?!?).
Clear's personality is written with a definition as vague and nebulous as it looks like a walking flash card saying "Hello, I am the quirky character designed to identify with the fate of the main character! '
Throw some stereotypical agents from the FBI (Daniel Roebuck and Roger Guenveur Smith) and a .... Ummm ...
Mortician `` spiritual '' (ancient `` candyman '' Tony Todd) in the mixture, and you have what could be another generic adolescent with slices, mischiefs and assorted disincments.
not the case.
The "final destination" has no slicing and dice, or at least none deals with a human killer, and the thought of death itself as the invisible harasser is unique and frightening.
The additional dimension of disconcerting irony rejuvenates the decomposition? The concept of murderer on the accommodation, with the help of a clever and intelligently rhythmic scenario of Morgan, Wong and Jeffrey Reddick.
The twists and turns of the plot are fun and intelligent without overthrowing total absurdity (listen to the "reindeer games").
But I guess the most satisfactory aspect of the "final destination" is the murder scenes.
Creators, ingenious and inventive, the death sequences involve a series of unlikely events leading to the disappearance of a character.
What triggers the accident?
Will it be John Denver's record, I just played "Rocky Mountain High"?
 (Yeah, sick humor).
Will it be the fleeing toilets?
The fishing coil that falls around?
The murders are surprising and largely unforeseen, including a surprise incident that blew up the audience of his seats and laugh nervously for about a minute after.
A sense of stunned unpredictability is added with this inventive approach.
It sometimes becomes tasteless and inexpensive, but who care about it?
it's funny .
In this regard, the "final destination" is my cup of tea.
This elegantly executed thriller, although tagged with laughable circumstances and the occasional extract of the lame dialogue, is an extremely entertaining getaway on the dark side.
After the show, it will also have a scary impact on you.
When does your design expire?
Does death expect the corner of the street?
The "final" effect is a major case of Heebie-Jeebies.