Seen on September 13, 1998 at 16 P.M at Rotterdam Square Mall Cinema 6, Theater # 2, with Chris Wessell for free using my Sony / Loews Critical Pass.
[Theatrical note: * * 1/2: good seats, its means, unstable image]
 "Rounders" is exactly the kind of films that parents don't want their children to see.
It is not that it is a drunk orgy of sex and violence, but because it is a film that Flat-out says that you can make a career in the game.
And to take things "worse", it proves it through its original and fascinating history.
There have been countless past and present criminal films that evoke the "black" atmosphere, that is to say the dark and shaded atmosphere where the vices of the world become more fascinating on the screen than in reallife.
This film begins in the traditional black style, presenting the underworld of the modern game where the issues are high, just like the price of loss.
Matt Damon embodies Mike McDermott, a 20 -year law student at the current New York who tells us how the poker game is really played.
Damon tells throughout the film, but the entire opening scene is expressed - so perfectly to completely and completely define the frame.
Mike is about to come up against Teddy KGB (Malkovich), a Russian gangster who looks like a serial killer.
But then again, there is practically one and the film does everything to transmit this meaning - the look in his eyes, his slow movements, his complex manners - all combined with the classic black cinematography of isolated brightness in the darkness of hell(Literally (literally).
Damon in the flesh may seem a little in his place with his expensive clothes and his perfectly groom characteristics, but his narration is what brings everything together.
It never seems to read a script, nor that he is trying to embellish anything, it comes natural to him.
The writers use the right words and expressions to describe the atmosphere, from the smell of air, to the logic involved in reading the faces and maps of other guys, and everything without its remote.
Immediately, we have the impression that poker is not for players, but for quasi-freezes with steel nerves.
The game is a quiet war, with just as complex strategies and the same sense of honor among soldiers.
The gangsters against whom Mike plays are the same who could kill someone to scratch their car, but as regards the poker game, any respect is due to the winner because he is really the best man.
The film does an excellent job to establish its atmosphere during the first act.
He concentrates so much in this aspect that the background and the progression of history stumble a little.
We only learn a little on Mike, past and present.
Currently, we know that he has a girlfriend named Jo (Gretchen Mol) with whom he is constantly arguing during his game.
They go through some rupture / make -up cycles until Mike's childhood friend and his colleague "Worm" (Norton) are released from prison.
It is not at all a surprising worm owes thousands of dollars to the crowd, but what is surprising, is the way in which the film is capable of taking such a predictable element and to execute it as it does.
Technically, the intrigue does not look like many children's sitcoms in which the "good" bad "friend of the child has the right child in difficulty and yet the good child remains friends with the bad child.
What this film does is using a different support to tell this story.
Mike and Worm have passed their heads all their lives, but both share a passion for the outside of the other player who tries to do the same for them.
While the worm prefers to follow the ladle of cheating (hence his prison sentence), Mike always takes the cards he has dealt with and works with them.
Sometimes they bear fruit (i. E.
His ability to pay his way thanks to the right of law on his game money), but other times they do not (i. E.
The fact that he withdrew from the game And works stable work after losing $ 30,000 in one hand).
Once things are starting to happen, the film is able to develop and develop its plot into a complex network of details and mood.
Mike and Worm Bob and weave all kinds of games in all kinds of places, from the residences of worldly to tourists in Atlantic City, to outdo the gangsters that control all of this.
Everything they get in touch is a big poker game in that everything is a battle against Destiny Cards' offers.
A scene demonstrates it perfectly in which Mike is said by a judge (Martin Landou, in a perfectly flowed and played role) that fate is everything and yet nothing at the same time.
Matt is good at stake, but he also has the potential to be a great lawyer.
He could become a professional like one or the other, but with one, he could lose everything or win big, but with the other, there is stability but not many risks involved.
Can someone who has played all his life really cashed his tokens and leave?
If the film had only been a subtle poker game lesson, the end is our test.
Everything is told from Mike's point of view, but we are finally able to recognize certain things by ourselves.
This means that the final confrontation, against all odds, seems exactly that.
It works like the game it revolves around - showing us some of the cards, but always evokes the element of the unknown and the consequences.
What separates the "rounds" from most other films on games is the fact that the challenge and skills are more important than winning at the end.