From time to time, a film comes from a suspicious studio, with each indication that it will be a stinking, and to everyone's surprise (maybe even the studio), the film becomes a critical darling.
MTV Films' _election, a high school comedy with Matthew Broderick and Reese Witherspoon, is a current example.
Did anyone know that this film existed a week before its opening?
The intrigue is deceptively simple.
The Lycée George Washington Carver has student elections.
Tracy Flick (Reese Witherspoon) is an exaggerated with his lifted hand to almost all questions, roads, high.
M. "M" (Matthew Broderick), sick with the megalomaniac student, encourages Paul, a popular jock but running to run.
And Paul's nihilist sister also jumps into the race, for personal reasons.
The dark side of such a sleeping success is that, because the expectations were so weak, the fact that they were quality things made criticisms even more enthusiastic than they have the right to be.
You cannot help but participate in luggage of glowing criticisms, which contrasts with the negative luggage that the examiners were likely to have.
_ Elect, a good film, does not keep up to its media threw.
What makes _election_ so disappointing is that it contains significant intrigue details raised directly from _rushmore_, published a few months earlier.
The similarities are astounding:
Tracy Flick (_election_) is the president of an extraordinary number of clubs and is involved in the school game.
Max Fischer (_rushmore_) is the president of an extraordinary number of clubs and is involved in the school game.
The most important tension of _election_ is the potential relationship between a teacher and his student.
The most important tension of _rushmore_ is the potential relationship between a teacher and his student.
Tracy Flick comes from a single -parent house, which contributed to his campaign.
Max Fischer comes from a single -parent house, which contributed to his journey.
The clumsy adult male in _election_ (Matthew Broderick) pursues an extramarital case, gets caught and all his life is ruined.
He even obtains a stingyer.
The clumsy adult male in _rushmore_ (Bill Murray) pursues an extramarital case, gets caught and all his life is ruined.
He obtained several bee bites.
And so on .
what happened ?
How is it that an individual scenario (_rushmore_) and a novel (_election_) contain as many significant intrigue points, and yet the two films were probably not even aware of each other, made from twoDifferent studios, from a genre (the geeks of the Lycéerevenge Movie) who had not yet been completely formed?
Even thus, the _election_ forces are based on his fantastic performances of Broderick, Witherspoon, and the newcomer Jessica Campbell, as an anti-social sister of Paul, Tammy.
Broderick here plays the MR.Rooney Role of _ferris Bueller_, and he seems to have the most he has had since then.
Witherspoon is a revelation.
It is at the beginning of the year, it is a comedy, and adolescents have little weight, but for my money, Witherspoon deserves an nodal nomination.
And once the character of Campbell begins, as in his fantastic speech in the gymnasium, then you are conquered.
One thing that has bored me since I saw it.
There is an extraordinary quantity of sexuality in this film.
I suppose that, coming from MTV films, I should not expect no less ...
But the film begins light and airy, like a sitcom.
While the screws are tightening and tensions go up, Alexander Payne decides to add elements which, frankly, distract from history.
It's serious enough for Mr.M not like the determination of Tracy to be won at all costs, but they must have thrown the student / teacher relationship?
Even so, there is no logical reason why Mr.M has a matter when he does.
There is a lot to love in _election_, but the similarities of the route with _rushmore_, and The tonal nose he takes because he becomes explicitly focused on sex, marks this as a disappointment.