What is a scary film anyway?
Is it a film where a person is torn in tatters?
Is it there that a person is pursued by a teenage damned who wants to take revenge?
Maybe it's a guy with a hook who wants to know what you did last summer.
What happened to horror films, where horror was in the atmosphere and in the characters.
Films like "Halloween" and "Psycho" which revolutionized Forever Genre, but waited in 1973, came a film based on the best -selling book by William Peter Blatty, entitled "The Exorcist", the film opened its doors toDeath and frightened to the public to death, now in 2000 "The Exorcist" returns to the big screen in a version that you have never seen with its soundtrack six channels, and fifteen minutes of new images never seen before as long asA new end.
Chris McNiell is an actress living in Georgetown Washington with her twelve -year -old daughter Regan.
While working on a new film, Chris remains close to Regan, but begins to wonder why his bed is shaking at night, and why Reban begins to have convulsions suddenly.
When Chris discovers that Regan is possessed by a demon, she avoids the fact, but plans to obtain a priest to help his daughter.
Father Karras (Jason Miller) is the man they bring, his mother has just died, and still in mourning, he decides to help this little girl.
Christ, Father Karras and their nanny Sharon (Kitty Winn) must sit down and wait for a man to present himself, this man is the exorcist, and this man will help this little girl.
Excruting frightening, The Exorcist is a classic horror film, which 2 twenty-seven years later is still scary in the public.
Now we come to the "The Exorcist" experience as she was supposed to be seen in the cut of a director who incorporates fifteen minutes of new images cut by Friedkin at the time of the release of content and time, a new endwas added Careh well, and adds more than one lighter feeling to the film, which I prefer the original original end.
The film was also remastered in a wonderful digital mix of six channels and is incredible.
The voices are all clear, the music pours you and engulfs you in wealth.
As a director, Friedkin was well known for other films, but his out-of-competition film is "The Exorcist" nominated for several Oscars by attributing it a few, but was somehow doubted the best actress,The best actress (Ellen Burstyn) and the best support actress (Linda (Lindablair) who, at the age of I believe, thirteen does an excellent job to be a little girl, alone, possessed and unable to stop whathappens.
Ellen Burstyn, I think, gives her best performance to date, and can currently be seen in "Requiem for a Dream" for which she obtains glowing criticism.
Jason Miller (Jason Patrik's father) is incredible as Father Karras, and his performance will be forever anchored in my mind, for me, it is the character who makes the whole film float.
I was saddened when I saw this film with an audience of people for the most part to see them laugh at this film, I don't think in any head runs and the green pea soup comes, it comes,is frightening stuff!
Anyway, the film's reissue managed to win $ 40 million and continues.
Hopefully that one day, they re -edit it again in twenty years for more generations to take advantage of it.