If you thought baz luhrmann's radical Take on _william_shakespeare's_romeo _+_ Juliet_ was Wild, Wait Until What You See What Award-Winning Director Julie Taymor (_The_lion_king: _The_broadway_musical_) titus_andronicus_ for her audacious--end very Bloody--Start of the film.
While Luhrmann transplanted the lovers of stars at Florida in the 1990s, Taymor keeps this macabre story of revenge in Rome - but the place in a surrealist temporal limbo.
The Coliseum suggests the appropriate time of imperial Rome, but increases and heavy cooking ovens suggest the 1990s, while vintage cars and certain costumes are more from the 1940s and 50s, and other clothes are more similar toA gladiator.
While Tamora, the Queen of the Goths (Jessica Lange) returns to the Roman general Titus (Anthony Hopkins) for having killed her eldest son, and he does the same for her for the wrongs she commits, Taymor obviously wanted to express theTimeless relevance of the history of the history themes underlying.
However, the temporal convergence approach only works sometimes, because often it is just distracting, as in a scene where the sons that suvivating Tamora (Matthew Rhys and Jonathan Rhys Meyers) are shared in steam while playing gamesvideo arcade.
Taymor did not have to resort to such avant-garde stuff, because history would have resonated as strongly as it had dropped them.
She is a solid storyteller and a visual stylist master, the latter compliment encompassing all areas, the choices of makeup and costumes as well as those of the publishing and photography services.
It also has a safe way with the actors; the Titus of Hopkins is both tragic and horrible, and Lange is sensual as a Tamora viper.
The clear show of distribution, however, is Harry Lennix as an Arch, a heath which is the secret lover of Tamora and a full -fledged compound.
Lennix brings great depth to a role that could have easily been played as a bad in stock.
A big villain that he is indeed, but leaving him does not fully do justice to his powerful and multidimensional work.
_Titles_ is not a complete success, but it is never less fascinating, and it announces the arrival of a new cinematographic voice without imaginative fear.