Land: a particular French girl grows alone with her father and does not really know what she wants in life.
One day, she comes across something and believes that her ticket for happiness can be to help others.
She starts with the people around her, but when she suddenly falls in love with her own guy, she cannot act strong enough because of her shy and dreamy nature.
Critality: an intelligent, original and original French film in a picturesque Paris, with an endearing lead with a giant imagination, a lot of solitude and a little love for everyone.
It is a film of "feeling of well-being", a fairy tale for adults who are disturbed in life.
He does not claim to be deep, he does not arise with long exhibitions or complex studies of his characters, it is essentially a "cute film" in the same vein as chocolate and paying it, with incredible visuals incredibly beautiful(and if chocolate was able to somehow take an nodal nomination for the best image of last year (a sham with so many different levels), you could also slap this film to also consider, because it is a bitbetter and much original than the first).
One thing that this film is not however, at least in my opinion, is the best film of the year (it was granted to the honor of "Best" in at least 3 festivals of different films so far thisyear).
He actually managed to stagnate a little halfway and it lasted too long (it's just over two hours, but he seemed even longer), with a large part of the second half of the film devoted toMany different characters, all of them were not as interesting as the head, and a lot of indecision of the sep. Amie itself, which has become frustrating.
Fortunately, this film does not take off with too many things and does everything possible to invent new ways of shooting scenes, integrating moments of fantasy in its fabric and transporting the public inside theImagination of Cefrançais with a good heart.
Overall, it's very fun and he carries a beautiful message of love and support for your neighbor.
The main role, Audrey Tautou, is perfect for the role, and gives you enough moments of truth to develop her character in someone who is close to the end of the film.
Unfortunately, the rest of the distribution is not as well developed, and even if most of them are quite attractive, a couple could have been left out to save time and at least one has been failed, byThe film, by the filmfin (what happened to the guy of the caf? Who hoped his ex-girlfriend friend the whole film?).
Now, I have not seen too many recent French films, I admit it, but if it is the kind of "scene" that they develop in "Le Pays du Vin", I wouldn't mind catchingMore of their films in the future (Crimson Rivers was another French film that I saw earlier this year, that I really liked - ironically, this film was directed by Mathieu Kassovitz, which is the co -star ofthis film).
Admittedly, English subtitles have become a little difficult to follow sometimes (I speak and I also understand French, but some of the local families have passed over my head), especially since the visuals of the film wereIf intriguing, but constantly watching them, but the general idea, substantive music, clever French districts, the very creative way to wrap the public in the line of history, was all easy to appreciate, andI for my part, I was particularly happy to have seen this film during these difficult moments in the world.
In fact, I would recommend it to all those who are looking for a joyful time in the cinema, with a particular accent on people with a lot of imagination, a little loneliness in their lives and many dreams in their hearts.
And this guy managed Alien: Resurrection?
get out of there !!
Note: I particularly liked the way the script of in terms of tail and showing love / hates from all those who have exact mentions in the film.
It was very original, very well turned and very nostalgic, because many of us were able to relate to the behaviors described.
Good product !
Where does Joblo come from?
Chocolate (6/10) - Crimson Rivers (8/10) - Ghost World (9/10) - Like water for chocolate (8/10) - O brother, where Thou art (7/10) - PayzzzzzzzzzThe forward (5/10) - Rushmore (9/10) - Woman on the top (7/10)