Bruce Willis is a type player.
In Die Hard, he played John McClaine, a rough and hard cop from Chicago who is caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Again, in Pulp Fiction, as Butch Coolidge, an exaggerated boxer, he climbs on the bad guys.
In the fifth element of Luc Besson, Willis plays Korben Dallas, a New York taxi who takes the bad passenger in the worst time.
An elegant science fiction epic, the complex intrigue of the fifth element begins immediately, in the deserts of Egypt (Think Stargate) in 1914.
A huge spacecraft landed above a pyramid where the "5 elements" are stored and take them, promising to return them when the evil returns.
Cut to our days, which is our future.
The year is 2023 and New York is the city.
The only fundamental differences between the futuristic representation of Besson and real life in New York is that the SMOG is thicker, the buildings are higher and the traffic floats!
Be that as it may, "evil" returns like a fire ball to wreak havoc on the equitable citizens of the earth, so come back the extraterrestrials in the shape of a turtle to make the "5 elements" on earth, in order todefend against "evil."
In the process, however, the ship is intercepted by 2 hunting pods and is destroyed before landing.
When civil servants arrive on the site, only one hand remains.
What can you do with one hand?
Hey, it is the reconstruction of the 21st century here-Adn!
This hand turns out to belong to a beautiful, but mysterious, named Leeloo (Milla Jovovich, Stunned and Confused).
She escapes and, trying to escape the police by plunging Swan from a huge skyscraper and crashing through the roof of the Korben floating cabin.
It is love on the first site, because Korben and Leelo escaped the lazy cops as always.
When Leeloo begins to mumble about a Cornelius (Ian Holm, Night falls on Manhattan), Korben is looking for the "yellow pages" and the book at the door of the good Reverend, the only man who knows his history and his duties.
Now, Korben, Leeloo and Cornelius must go to a foreign planet to climb a cruise ship (the special effects were spectacular here) to find the four remaining elements.
It is here, where they discover that they were followed by evil Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg (Gary Oldman, murder in the first).
He too wants the possession of the elements, just like a group of warriors in the form of a pork (think of the Gamorriens in return from the Jedi).
In a spectacular end, over time, Leeloo is faced with a problem - why should she save a people who live to destroy themselves?
The question is good and which could be thoughtful.
But enough of that.
When Korben highlights her love for her, Leeloo is inclined to become the "5th element" and to save the world of total destruction.
The fifth element presents good performance by Willis and Holm, an excellent representation of a comic villain (which reminded me a lot of The Joker in Batman by Jack Nicholson) by one of the masters of wicked.
The support cast, which includes Brion James (Tango & Cash), Tim "Tiny" Lester (No Helds Bard), Luke Perry (Buffy The Vampire Slayer) and Chris Tucker (Friday), added a comic effect to the film.
Although the fifth element of Besson can be criticized for the bizarre use of shots, it is a solid film with a specific point.
Some other directors (such as the Luis Llosa of Anaconda) should take a lesson in these ideas of use of Guy of Epic Motion Pictures in the right way.
Star Wars and Stargate ideas were used to improve this film.
A fan of science fiction or not, a movie lover should see this wonderfully elegant film.
 ,,