When Andy leaves for Cowboy Camp, his mother organizes a garage sale and embarks on his room for old toys.
One of these toys is signing, a penguin with a broken squeaker.
Woody (Tom Hanks) saddle for Andy's dog and goes up in the courtyard to save whistles.
Woody succeeds in his mission, but does not come back to the house before Al, the unscrupulous owner of the Grange toy of Al, recognizes Woody as a rare collector object and steals it.
Buzz Lightyear (Tim Allen) leads Hamm (John Ratzenberger), Mr. Potato Head (Don Rickles), Slinky Dog (Jim Varney) and Rex (Wallace Shawn) in the city to find their friend.
Meanwhile, Woody discovers the reason he was kidnapped.
AL collected all the merchandising pieces on the 1950s television puppet program "Woody's Round-Up" except for a Woody doll.
Now that the collection is finished, Al plans to sell Woody and its gang -bullseye the horse, Jessie The Cowgirl (Joan Cusack) and Stinky Pete the former prospector (Kelsey Grammer) -Por from a toy museum in Japan.
The gang is happy with the decision; they have been storage for years while waiting for Woody.
If Woody does not accompany them, they will be closed again in a dark box, perhaps forever.
Trying to convince him to stay with them, Jessie tells Woody how she was abandoned when her owner grew up, and Woody realizes that her days as a beloved toy are counted.
While Woody is thinking about the adoption of Japan or going home to Andy, Buzz and the boys invade the Grange Toy of Al, where the buzz we know is replaced by another buzz that does not know that he isa toy.
The new buzz generates the biggest laughs in the film as he leads the other toys in an assault on "Zurg's Fortress" (i. E., apart Buillère).
The original "Toy Story" won me over because its central themes reflected adult sensitivity rather than the habit of what it is that we think of children-want-to-hear.
While most children's films take the position that each person is special and has an extraordinary destiny to make, in "Toy Story" Buzz discovered that he was not special, that he was like everyone else.
Buzz sinked into suicidal depression, but Woody showed that Buzz that being a toy was worth it because a toy is loved and a toy makes a child happy.
In other words, it is normal to be ordinary if you have love and a goal in your life.
Most of us probably come to the same conclusion when we realize that we are not space rangers and that we will never be.
 "Toy Story 2" addresses the question raised by the conclusion drawn by the first film.
Woody is forced to recognize that Andy will grow and forget it and that he will probably be thrown, abandoned or sealed in a dark box in the attic.
This is another major adult theme: everything ends.
The theme is introduced at the start of the film when Woody's arm is torn and Andy places it on a shelf rather than taking it to Cowboy Camp.
On the shelf, Woody meets Wheezy, who is dusty, broken and forgotten.
The other toys are shocked that Woody was "side", and they fear that Woody's journey in the box of 25 cents when selling garage is a suicide attempt.
After stolen, Woody must decide between a long life in an uncertain display and future with Andy and his friends.
Of course, despite the heavy themes "Toy Story 2" explore, it is also very funny.
Most laughs come from the assault of toys on the Al Al Grange and the building.
The brief substitution of a new even delusional buzz was a welcome surprise; I wondered how a sequel could be as funny as the original without the pompous attitude buzz displayed in the original.
Most vocal performance is of the first order.
Tom Hanks stands out from the level of enthusiasm he puts in his work.
However, a voiceover is also horribly wrong.
Kelsey Grammer is nothing like an old prospector.
Although it does a lot of voice-over in advertisements and o N "The Simpsons" (as a bob diaphonm), Grammer only makes slight variations on his own voice.
He does not have the range to play a role like Stinky Pete.
The animation is even better than in the first.
The textures of the figures were particularly impressive.
We can now see the difference between flesh and plastic; in the first film, people looked like toys, but now human skin looks soft and has a slight bluish hue.
We can also see that Bo Peep is porcelain.
As you can say from a common long -term phrasing in merchandising - "Disney and Pixar's' Toy Story" - it's the party of Pixar.
To celebrate, they added their first project, a hilarious short film about two office lamps and a rubber ball at the start of the film.
They made the short term in 1986, which is incredible when you then consider the relatively primitive level of computer technology available.
Unpipening, "Toy Story 2" follows the original formula so closely that the rest comes off a little, and some sections tend to drag.
Overall, however, I had a good time and I found that "Story 2" was a worthy successor to the first "Toy Story".
Conclusion: this is really fun for the whole family!