"Desperate measures" was something that I was excited to see when he was originally out: Summer '97.
For any reason, it was delayed until Hollywood traditional dumping ground: January.
Now that it is out, I don't see any real reason for this delay, because it is a simple but very entertaining film.
Michael Keaton plays the role of a maniacal murderer whose bone marrow can save the life of the dying son of a police detective from San Francisco (Garcia).
Keaton accepts the transplant, only so that he can try to escape.
He succeeds, in a plan that could of course only work in films.
Police forces are now trying to kill Keaton, while Garcia works against them while trying to keep Keaton alive to save her son.
The film definitely has its faults.
The intrigue is strictly televised for the week, but the theater and management have certainly reinforced it far above this status.
In addition, after the escape of Keaton, the captain of Garcia barks "how many men must die to save your child's life?"
that the film treats as such a diabolical and insignificant remark.
The fact is that this is a Vaild point.
How many people should be unnecessarily paralyzed, burned and killed just to save this child?
What is the greatest good here?
Lots of lives or a life?
If the films were really courage, I would have loved this film to be summed up with a final choice for the character of Garcia.
Place him in a situation where he knows that he must kill Keaton because Keaton is about to kill someone else.
Alas, the films these days generally do not have such an ambition to draw the public strings in a way that could put the discomfort.
Despite some silly moments (and one or two really stupid), good things about "desperate measures" are more numerous than bad.
The main highest point would be Keaton's performance.
The character could easily have been a monster chewing a scene, but Keaton underestimates it well.
He is not as threatening as in "Pacific Heights" or even as threatening as in "Batman" (yes children, Batman was a dark character), but you certainly have the idea that he is bad.
Even the final scene of the film, which I normally hate, seems strangely appropriate for this film.
So much so that it didn't bother me at all.
And another bonus: the film takes place in San Francisco, which generally means a car prosecution on these hills that you have seen a billion times before.
And for a while, it seemed to happen.
But this is not the case, and it's creative.
[R]