A group of high school students mixes with a group of hip-hop artists while a documentary maker strives to discover why today's youth seems attracted by black culture.
the article
If Black & White, the new film by the writer / director James Toback, ultimately remembers one thing, it will be the revelation that Brooke Shields, Claudia Schiffer, Marla Maples and Mike Tyson can act.
However, this partially improvised jewel will remain memories for more than that.
Black & White is a fascinating film; this makes a statement on the culture of young people and American hip-hop without becoming too serious.
With a casting of known products (Ben Stiller, Robert Downey Jr.) and the new hot arrivals (Phillips jewelry singers), Toback's is a complex film to see.
Black & White has several scenarios which are all linked to each other, at La Robert Altman.
There is Dean the basketball player (Allan Houston) who is invited to rig games for money by Mark Clear (Stiller) in exchange for fifty-large per match.
This ends up spreading in the life of the longtime friend of Dean, Rich (Power), a gangsta which controls 20 urban blocks of Harlem.
Rich has to face the imminent opening of a club belonging to whites on his lawn.
Meanwhile, young white girls who like to hang around with Rich and her friends are part of a documentary by Sam Doner (Shields) and her Gay Terry husband (Downey Jr.).
Others who make appearances are William Lee Scott as the young white punk, Joe Pantoliano as the father of his district prosecutor, Jared Leto as a high school teacher, Marla Maples as a mother of one of the teenagersFous hip-hop, Claudia Schiffer as a girlfriend of Dean, and Mike Tyson as ...
Mike Tyson.
The stories refuse and circulate in the film, losing and gaining importance over time.
Friendships are lost, lovers are won and there is a sparkle of occasional violence.
In the United States, originally noted in the United States, black and white has a lot of sex between black gangstas and young white girls.
While the film has been reduced on a tamer R side, viewers will wonder what could be more explicit than what they see.
The three-way sexual start to the film warns viewers of what they are, and several public members got up and left at that time.
Frequent sex is one of the rare defects of the film while the titillation is exaggerated and sometimes completely unrelated to everything that happens in the film.
At Toback credit, the level of violence in black and white is almost zero.
These gangstas and hip-hop artists have real problems and concerns, and only become crazy about gunshots when it takes them to appear in this way.
Each time a character finds himself on the portable digital camera of donating, he begins to get rid of the righteous tirades on America and proclaims his independence, but not everyone has fully adhered to the idea.
Charlie (Phillips) is full of SoC
These young people know that they are going through a phase and simply appreciate it.
Toback fills the spaces between these tirades with light and funny scenes.
Most humor comes from Mike Tyson, who provides the comic relief of the film without really trying.
We give him big words like the vernacular to say, and while Rich tries to discuss a particular street problem with Tyson, he must often ask him to use smaller words and to be better, playing onThe image of Tyson as a dimwit.
But Tyson also gets the scary moment in the film.
As it is mercilessly struck by the very gay Terry, Tyson is a wonder to look at while he fights to stay calm.
The scene is fully improvised, with Downey Jr.E say to stay in Tyson until he obtained a reaction.
The reaction he obtains, being slapped and then stifled is amazing, while Downey Jr's face becomes a tint of frightening purple.
Black and Whit E is a film on hip-hop culture, and the omnipresent hip-hop soundtrack of the film strongly supports it.
But Toback prevents things from becoming too seriously; by going from one story to another as quickly as him, Toback prevents us from attaching to the struggle of a character.
Thus, Black & White's message on hip-hop becomes secondary to the film itself.
Toback just wants us to have fun and that we may learn a little about hip-hop along the way.
And we do it.