Anyone who has seen the finely achieved performances of Alan Rickman in really deeply deeply and sensitivity will not be surprised that the actor who became director is a little poet in the soul.
However, for those who recall it only as the manic villain of Die Hard and Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, this recognition can be a shock.
Nevertheless, "Poetic" is a great term to describe the beginnings of Rickman as a director, the guest of winter.
The film has a simple and without haste that uses all the elements available to shape any success.
The result is a sometimes haunting, sometimes magical and always insightful human drama.
The winter guest does not concern the resolution of the intrigue threads and the progress of a story; it is a question of exploring relations and examining life at all stages.
The winter guest does not tell a traditional story, and it does not attribute to a conventional narrative structure? There is no real start or fine.
Instead, we have the opportunity to one day observe in the life of eight humans.
They represent both sexes, several generations and a variety of relationships? Male and female; young, middle and elderly; friends, lovers of potentials and parents.
We see expectations carried out and disappointed, the eroded emotional limits and the truths revealed.
There is comedy and tragedy.
More importantly, a large part of what is happening during the winter guest will find an echo in our own life? In this fiction, we find a lot of truth.
The setting is a small town in Scotland the coldest day of the year.
It's so freezing that the sea started to freeze.
The earthly wind cuts like a knife and the snow covers the beach, giving the terrain an extraterrestrial appearance.
It is in this backdrop that the relationships of the film are captured.
There are four pairs and, although there is a certain interaction between the different twosomes, the objective of the winter guest focuses on the internal dynamics in each relationship.
The first most busy twinning is that of Elspeth (Phylida Law) and her daughter recently with mercy, Frances (Emma Thompson).
These two have a stormy relationship.
They love each other deeply, but the two are stubborn and voluntary, and none is willing to admit that they need the other.
A large part of their interaction is argumentative, but, during a long walk towards the frozen shore, they compare tacit of the quantity of each for the other.
The adult son of Frances, Alex (Gary Hollywood), is a lonely young man who has taken care of his mother since the death of his father.
That day, he met a girl, Nita (Arlene Cockburn), who has secretly spied on him for weeks.
Although their first meeting is antagonist (she launches a snowball), the two quickly become aware of an undeniable attraction.
Once they retire in a place where they can be alone, however, things are not going exactly as planned.
Lily (Sheila Reid) and Chloé (Sandra Voe) are some old friends who are frequent in funeral.
Death is a subject of endless fascination for them, perhaps because they are so close to it, and they spend their free time scaning necrologies, looking for the next funeral or the cremation of the region.
It doesn't matter whether or not they knew the deceased.
It is the ceremony that interests them.
Sam (Douglas Murphy) and Tom (Sean Biggerstaff), a pair of schoolchildren, spend this cold day of February cutting lessons and dragging to the beach, hiking, building a small fire for heatAnd to walk on frozen water.
Unlike Lily and Chloé, these two have all their lives in front of them.
They are young enough forever to believe in magic, but old enough to recognize that the process of crossing in adulthood deprives the life of simple joy that only children can live.
The game is strong and credible.
The mixture Veteran artists and beginners are effective, the most successful choice being the cast of the mother and her real Phylida Law and Emma Thompson in the most important roles.
There is chemistry in their interaction which would be difficult to reproduce with two different and unrelated actors.
And, of course, physical resemblance makes it much easier to accept Elspeth and Frances as a parent and child.
The winter guest started his life as a stage game in 1995, with Rickman as a director.
Four of the directors of the film, Phylida Law, Arlene Cockburn, Sheila Reid and Sandra Voe, appeared in the theatrical version before going to the film.
Unlike several recent films adapted from the pieces, the winter guest was successfully opened.
The rough and dark Scottish campaign becomes as much a character as one of the eight humans.
In fact, given the importance of the climate for each relationship on Rickman's microscope, we could say that this is the most important element of the film.
If you appreciate characters' studies, the winter guest is a solid effort with enough power to stay with you after leaving the theater.