A few months ago, when I downloaded the net / off trailer for the first time, my initial reaction was an "yawning" of fourteen carrots.
Followed quickly by a press from my computers, remove the key, not wanting to waste six or seven mega-centers of precious space on this trailer poor in piss.
Then, I started to read the first wave of criticism from the U.S ..... Unique ... Excellent .... to see.
Well, I always thought skeptical, I guess I could as well go to see him when he arrives.
"Here", of course, was still in three months.
I admit, when I trotted to see this film, the only film John Woo that I had seen before was the broken arrow quite pleasant but very forgettable.
I had heard good things about his previous work with films like Hard Boiled, but his films were certainly not on my unmissable list.
That, let me tell you, has changed completely.
I knew this fact just five minutes from the film, after the opening sequence brilliantly turned and open where Sean Archer loses his son made me jump from my feet.
The game throughout the film is incredibly good for an action film.
seriously .
I have never been a big fan of John Travolta, but he, like Cage, suited his role in the film perfectly ..... Sorry,
Make these "roles" in the film.
Even the great performance of Travolta, however, turned upset compared to the representations of the character of Cage.
My favorite cage scene was definitely when he was crushed in the compardi hiding place Dietrich Hassler.
Half a drug addict of his mind, he sits there to lie on a chair speaking of the death of his son from the point of view of Castor - "Doesn't that break your heart."He mumbles coldly.
Now, don't think about the previous comments on the brilliant game that this is a film focused on the drama - this is not the case.
This is what makes this film unique.
It is an action film with characters brilliantly represented ..... not at all a common mix.
The suspension of disbelief is essential in this film ..... it is
The only way to neglect the fact that Travolta and Cage draw around 5671 rounds against each other .... and
Never struck.
Several action scenes are so well choreographed that they simply make you wish that you can press "rewind" and look at it again.
The part where Archer and Troy have a stand on each side of a double -sided mirror is simply shiny.
While Cage and Travolta's performance would be sufficient to support most films, the least important characters are just as intriguing.
Joan Allen, who generally sticks to straight dramatic films, perfectly plays her role as a longtime woman from Archer.
I like the fact that his character did not end up totaling a weapon at the end of the film ... he
would have destroyed his potray.
Gina Gershon was surprising to say the least, because the Maltraité girlfriend of Castor Troy ..... Make this * one of the * mistreated girlfriends of Castor Troy.
Other films would have used his character as a simple window covering ... a
Sexual object, but rather his character is very strong and independent.
Dominique Swain, who plays Archer's daughter, also does a good job, although his character is not as explored as that of Allen or Gershon.
faults? Well ... there was to say.
First, the end of the film, while being very good overall, was a little too much taken for its own good.
After the two fighters started to go after the final boat accident, you can't help but think - "Decision, are you fueled by nuclear or what?".
There were certain bits which were not managed properly, like where Archer seems safe and healthy on solid soil after jumping from the platform / converted oil prison - more explanations would have been good.
Overall, this film was not perfect.
But I thought it was about as close as a action film ever perfect.
Many criticisms have said that this film will change the way action movies are made ..... I
Certainly Ho on SO.