We share the descent into the darkness of a talented boy's pianist.
Years later, we saw his subsequent resurfacing; in the mid -80s, a damaged man left a storm of rain and return to the world.
The film draws the causes of its mental depression.
Based on the history of the life of David Helfgott, this Australian film is a rich exploration of pressures for a child-man, aggravated by the imminent shadow of a domineering father.
In the 1950s, Helfgott appeared as a child prodigy.
The film traces his relationship with his father, whose encouragement is made at the cost of David's requirement have no life beyond the keys in black and white.
David is offered places in the United States, but his father refuses to let him leave Australia.
The effect that this has on Helfgott is intelligently told via a single inverted blow; David sank on the front door of the house of his music teacher.
It is well lit via the lights of the external house.
His teacher is not at home.
We fell back and see that the dark front window window has its open curtains.
There, in a pond of darkness, there is a piano with tail.
David's fall on the black cliff began.
Instead of being informed in linear mode, Shine jumps over time, ala "pulp fiction".
This narrative device works well; we see David as a boy, a teenager in London and a mental patient in various extracts.
The film then carefully fell back for its edifying conclusion.
The return of adult-helfgott to the light is told in a linear way.
The main role is played by 3 different actors, with the adolescent-David (Taylor) and the adult-David (Rush) standing out.
Although Rush is known for his work on television in Australia, I think it is his first major work of cinema.
His David, while clearly damaged - he continues to quote his "dad" in a torrent of babbling, cuddles of foreigners and catches women on the breasts - is both touching and funny.
Taylor's teenager is the more sympathetic production role.
We are silent by its gradual ventilation while pressures continue to build.
His father wants him to play the very demanding 3rd of Rachmaninov, while his teacher wants to start him with a simple Mozart.
Technically, it's a beautiful film and a lot of reflection has entered production.
I particularly like the use of slow motion and sound effects.
A scene has for adult-Helfgott jetly babbling in a car in the rain.
The sound of the wipers fell into his voice.
With intelligent subtlety, the wiper sound seems to be transformed into a rhythmic beat, but at the same rhythm.
The image dissolves and we realize that the beat is the applause with the slow motion of a crowd.
But it's applauded.
We are young-David who heads for the stage for our first public show.
Music, as you can expect from a film of this subject, is essential.
And it works very well.
The "mime" of the actors' piano player is flawless (apparently Rush did not mime; he really played)
Helfgott's life is certainly not without its sympathetic people.
Indeed, his return to the "normal" world is accelerated by his fortuitous meetings with two very special women.
Its ultimately edifying history is a magic play on theater crafts.
This shows that with "the help of God", we can all find our way back.