Naturally, at the heart of "When We Wre Was Kings" by Leon Gast is the fight itself, for what it was a fight.
Thanks to the safeguarding of Don King's affairs, a Muhammad Ali aging was opposed to the formidable Hulk of the George Foreman heavyweight champion.
Fans were treated to a battle of endurance and strategy of 8 rounds, as much as the brute force, which immediately entered the boxing tradition.
With the advantage of first-hand memories of this former ex-Mailer Norman Mailer, this classic conflict is brought back to life.
But "When We Wred Kings" attacks problems that are more difficult to pin than the simple facts of a boxing match.
Questions of political power and social justice appear throughout this documentary.
Gast could barely choose otherwise, given the vocal and uncompromising policy of Muhammad Ali.
A member of the controversial black separatist movement The Nation of Islam, Ali opens Gast's film with a coup in the United States.
When Ali Hollers "Damn America", the public knows that imprecation is sincere;The brutal but relaxed way, she is pronounced, does not doubt that Ali said his mind.
His decision to overthrow the Vietnam project is defended with the same admirable fury: "No Cong Viet has ever called me Nigger," says Ali.
Despite the presentation of Ali's unequivocal political, one of the most impressive characteristics of "When We Wred Kings" is the subtle way in which the documentary considers the difficulties inherent in the global philosophy of black unit andBlack symbolism that Ali and his champion supporters.
By listening to the many commentators of the film, it is clear that the geographic location of this "rumble in the jungle" is engraved more in the imagination than wherever you can place on a map.
Spike Lee tells us that the event was a pilgrimage, a "going home" in Africa.
Foreman reminds us that Africa is the "cradle of civilization".
Quite fair, but this homeland is a cursed specific nation with a less than inspiring reality.
It is the newly founded Zaire and he is governed by President Mobutu, a brutal dictator.
While Ali respects Mobutu's ability to forge an independent African state, Mailer notes that under the stadium in which the titans fought hidden the presidents of well -supplied torture.
Mailer’s ideas are lost on most movie commentators.
George Plpton remembers that he always felt that he was in the Congo, rather than the newly baptized Zaire.
With an admirable restraint, Gast quietly suggests that for many of the greatness of myth and history, the reality of the sordid leading elite of Zaire is almost obscured.
Mobutu is not the only questionable character to benefit from the exhilarating symbolism of the black power.
Don King, resplendent in yellow kaftan and comfortable with the "Messiah" label attributed to him by a faithful disciple, pretends to be the voice of a new black black solidarity.
Naturally, Foreman thinks he got a raw affair.
It can be, as a sympathizer, "darker" than Ali notes, but it is refused the emblematic status shared by Ali, the Mobutu and the sticking Huckster Don King.
Africa, Zaire, the inspiring leader or the vicious dictator, everything is undifferentiated, not visualized, in this optimistic celebration of black unit.
It is not surprising that the inhabitants of Zaire were shocked to note that Ali's opponent was not white.
Certainly, these problems are not understood that, rather than considerably explored.
The public must take into account the importance of these problems themselves, in their own time.
There is simply too much to cover, too much that really deserves to celebrate, so that a prolonged political analysis is justified.
The excitement of James Brown and B.B King in concert, for example.
And of course, there is always Ali to consider, as he shameless and hilarious, the jam in front of the camera, the shadow boxing and pronounce a rhyme inspired after a Another - "We will get it on because we don't hear ourselves!".
Undoubtedly, given the nature with the multiple facets of the extravagance they have chosen to cover, the manufacturers of "When We Wred Kings" have faced many difficulties in deciding what problems and what personalities, the best deservedtheir attention.
Fortunately, by refusing to simplify their complex subject, they captured the richness and excitement of this unique event.