With the sudden liberal emergence of personal privacy in the news, they would like?)
It is time for Tony Scott to direct the new photo of action disguised as an important social declaration if not slightly ignorant.
With this and "Crimson Tide", he created two successful cold films which are interesting, exciting, even quite intelligent, but never completely riveted as a cinema, and the problem that I think with each of these films is that each filmis too obsessed with sounding to be really satisfactory and too obsessed with the search for any advantage to be completely intelligent.
This film dealt with a civil war inside a nuclear submarine on the opportunity to follow or not to question them, and was frightening and quite all, but never completely exciting or too brilliant.
 "Enemy of the State" is in the same way: he is captivating for all his operating time, and it is frightening how he shows a decent man in Kafaism, but it is too technical.
It is too cold and not as fascinating or exciting as possible.
He throws Will Smith, one of the best men of the leading in films in films these days because he is charming and full of mind and never uninteresting, and hopes that his charisma can compensate for his character who does notis not well developed enough to be really a person.
I hate doing this, but the film of last year "The Game" was damn perfect: he launches Michael Douglas as a deeply imperfect human being, a cold man and cut everyone in his life, then pulls everythingThat he thought was as a security cover far from him and looked at what had happened.
The result was not only an exciting and scary film, but also the best mindfuck all year round.
Not that I want each Kafkaesque film to be "the game" ("The spanish prisoner" of this year succeeds with less thrills and chills), but this should be an example of what works and what does not worknot.
The character of Will Smith is, frankly, too perfect, at least too much perfect movie.
He had an affair with another woman (Lisa Bonet, Ha Ha), but his relationship with his wife (Regina King) is fundamentally well despite everything.
He has a child and he rakes money as a lawyer, although very good and reasonably moral.
He therefore generally does not have real problems as a human being and is therefore boring ... except that he is played by Will Smith, who embodies him with about Will Smith Charm as possible without entering the territory "Id4 " /" Men in black ".
He is a good dramatic actor (see just the first half hour of "six degrees of separation" for the proof of this, not that he is not very all the time), and here, he makes his character sympatheticAnd sympathetic without any real pressure his character, which means that the film lacks very deep interesting qualities.
Smith gets involved in a mass conspiracy involving the asset of a senator opposed to a government law that would create global surveillance, turning on privacy as we know it from the world, under the pretension that this would make crime easierTo be checked, when it is adopted a record of the event taken on a band by an outdoor celebration (an observer of nature played by, uh, Jason Lee).
The government wants the disc and is ready to destroy its life to obtain it.
While Smith's fate is dramatized, we are initiated into the brains that watched him, seated in vans disguised in other companies, looking at the computers and leaving the towers faster than a speed ball.
These guys (played by Jack Black, Jamie Kennedy and Seth Green) are the most interesting part of this film because they are, well, fascinating: they do their job, which are bad, but the film is not seen in passeuxAs long as such, and they almost become our friends.
We love these Guys for the mere reason that the film does not automatically judge them like the bad guys.
They are also frightening because we have the idea that they are not fully aware of the impact of their work on the world.
It is as if they were obsessed with their work, not because they are bad, but because, hey, it is a fun job, and no one else can do it like them.
Unfortunately, this also turns a little on the film: instead of being the flashlight in the dark room that "the game" was, you see everything, and is therefore not as panicked because you know whathappens.
Of course, you are refrigerated, but you are not exactly panicked by what is happening.
But what do you expect from Tony Scott, the man who has never met a five-second film he ever loved.
He is a non -born director because, hell, he is always interesting to look at (otherwise sometimes an Ialide - piece A: "days of thunder"), but the reason why he is not great is that he is that he isToo technical and calculated.
His photos are perfectly executed and leave nothing to imagination, and they always make sure to be careful.
It is incredibly boring, and it reduces "the enemy of the state" to a mechanical meli-melius of flashy images which never widen the mind to depths, but which manage to entertain without any problem.
Despite never becoming great, it's never boring and it's always intriguing.
Watching the government installing Smith is infinitely fascinating, and as we care about Smith's sympathetic protagonist, we are set up for two good hours of entertainment from Tom Clancy.
Add the best big casting on this side of the annual film of Woody Allen (everyone from Gabriel byrne to Dan Butler Pop Up up up up), and you have a good old -fashioned drama that makes all the thought for youSo that you never have to question the debate on personal privacy and you can therefore follow the fate of Will Smith without a minute of boredom.