A frequent error is the categorization of a terrorist as a common soldier or criminal.
A soldier commits acts of violence sanctioned by one nation-state against another.
A common criminal commits acts of violence for personal purposes.
A terrorist employs random violence as a means for a political end.
If the target nation does not affect the desired change in policy, violence continues.
It is the fear resulting from the fact that the terrorist can strike anyone (even total of the innocents), anywhere, at any time which gives the face his label.
Edward Zwick's siege explores the possibility that this kind of violence takes place here in the United States.
One might think that the opening bit was torn directly from the titles.
The Arab terrorists kill American citizens abroad and the U.S. -replied by retaliation against the Sheik which would have ordered the attack.
However, unlike the real Tomahawk cruise missile strike against the camp and the manufacturing installation of Bin Laden, the cinematographic version depicts the Kiking Sheik Ahmed Bin Talal special operations troops.
In retaliation, the terrorists bring the fight to the new world.
Anthony Hubbard (Denzel Washington) is involuntarily involved the FBI.
While investigating a series of bombings in the Big Apple, he meets the CIA agent Elise Kraft (Annette Bening), also trying to discover information.
Generally, the FBI is responsible for problems within the U.S., while the CIA takes care of the problems in the international field.
Even spies from other countries are prohibited from the CIA as long as they are in our country.
Hubbard therefore finds very unusual that a frightening agency happens around what it considers as its territory, but as the two form a provisional professional relationship, Hubbard is becoming more and more aware of an increasingly complicated series of'Reliefs and actions perhaps illegal involving American terrorism and legovernment.
The original slogan of the Patriot games was: "There has never been a terrorist attack on American soil."
However, it was fired before the film was released because it looked too much like a bone.
Revisiting the scenario of foreign terrorists committing acts of violence in the United States, the seat is almost an invitation in itself, because it shows exactly what type of disorder could be produced if an effective terrorist network should set up operations here in America.
Admittedly, the terror forged on New York is a little excessive (which will believe that a few bombs will blow up the New Yorkers upon returning from a bus or to restrict their purchases by two thirds?), But the premise basela is still valid.
I liked the fact that this film rises above the basic price of the gray of Good Guy G-Men against the terrorists of the bad guys by exploring some of the effects on society and the order and order.
It provides a very possible hypothesis according to which a violent activity on the part of a few Arabs would turn into a series of hatred crimes against the Arab-American population, and that in an effort to find terrorists, the civil freedoms of the minority canbe raped by the government itself.
In fact, halfway through the film, when the president authorizes the declaration of martial law in New York, the freedoms of all Americans are in danger.
Although this can actually be a side effect of a terrorist campaign, the disappearance of social order in America is a frightening thought and an objective that would not be under many international terrorist groups.
Throughout, the film maintains a conflict between Hubbard, who wants to use the FBI to pursue the terrorists in the letter of the law, and General Devereaux (Bruce Willis), who commands the army and the spirit that the mostgreat would better serve by suspending the law and continuing the terrorists with more strength.
The results are a fascinating debate on the relevance and constitutionality of the declaration of martial law and the invocation of the law on war powers, using philosophy and historical examples to assert both sides.
It becomes in fact rather exhilarating, but it is a credit for the scriptwriters Zwick, Lawrence Wright and Menno Meyjes that they do not underestimate the intelligence of the public.
I do not know if it is his tone or his inflection or something else, but Denzel Washington has a way of spitting a dialogue that makes everything he says well.
This, combined with his capacity as an innate actor and his experience in the game of intermediate level authority, makes his performance in the convincing and pleasant seat.
Annette Bening gives one of the most asserted representations of a female character that I have seen recently, and the chemistry she shares with Washington is palpable.
It is somewhat regrettable that the courage of his character is broken at a certain point, but that allows us to watch bening play a little more.
Bruce Willis is roughly relegated to a hard role, still standing straight and with a permanent scowling air fixed on his face.
However, the tension that exists between Devereaux and Hubbard is a main engine behind the development of the film.
Tony Shalhoub, who plays the FBI agent, Frank Haddad, a Lebanese immigrant.
The role calls to manifest both a kind of subsidiary pride for his inheritance and contempt for those of his own race which could interfere with its integration into American society.
Difficult to say the least, Shalhoub does it with naturalness that you can almost tender your hand and touch.
Perhaps better known for its role as Antonio The Cab Driver in the Sitcom NBC "Wings", Shalhoub has gained notoriety for its dramatic capacities in the wonderful Big Night film.
While Denzel Washington seems to be the favorite actor of Edward Zwick (he made Washington in Glory and Courage Under Fire), James Horner seems to be his favorite composer.
So I found it strange that Zwick chose the prolific writer of Graeme Revell (seven films this year already) on Horner for the siege until I realize that this film contained a lot of music on the theme of the argue, and Horner's record has shown more depression of scores either neutral in ethnicity or at most.
Revell does a good job to provide appropriate music to punctuate key scenes and allow the score to improve the film as a whole.
It is far from being as intrusive as in some of the other films that we have made throughout the year.
False steps in the seat can be found in some excesses that must be.
For example, it is quite clear throughout the film is supposed to be more thriller than a action film.
Unfortunately, there is a scene where the army stands out against certain Arab immigrants in a flagrant demonstration of firepower and explosions, obviously intended to be catchy.
In the middle of the city (and against no real opposition), Zwick even has the army to use a Cobra attack helicopter to pull rockets in a building no further from 50 feet of the friendly troops.
The likelihood really comes out of the window at that time.
The film also becomes a little preacher towards the end, focusing on the ability of different breeds to get along.
A noble gesture, the film puts the message a little too obviously.
These faults are obvious, but they do not harm too much about a good film that makes you think about the problems that you may not have taken into account since the history class.