Many Ballyhoo was made on this new version of "Lolita", made at a time when one might think that a faithful adaptation of the infamous could be made, on its use of pedophilia, and as such,It is important to resolve it directly, before any other ideal such as goodness and themes can be discussed, because this film has been in film limbo for several years, dragging in the trunk of a distributor, and havingCritics waiting to greet him a masterpiece or calling the cabinet.
Seeing this film, after all the Hoopla, keeping in mind that there are people, namely me, who are fans of the novel, who have been looking forward to this film since its creation ... Well,
Just ask yourself why no one really picked it up for the distribution.
What is even worse is that to see this "lolita", especially the first time and if you know something "lolita", is admittedly very anticlimatic.
It's a real pity because when you really sit down to watch this film, ignoring all the bullshit that preceded it, it's really a whole film, perhaps the best film by director Adrian Lyne (although,,Really, look at his competitors: "flashdance," "fatal attraction" and "indecent proposition"), at least "the Jacob scale.
I saw this "lolita" twice: the first time, I was not so breathtaking.
It seemed too dramatic and surprisingly unchanged.
The second time, not really thinking about how I waited for what seems to be forever seeing it and how I see it on a TV on a premium cable channel and not in a giant cinema, it reallyemotionally affected.
The story itself is surprisingly heartbreaking, that is why it is such a good novel, and why it is such a good film.
The story of a pedophile obsessed with a 14 -year -old girl named Dolores A.K. A .lolita is great because it is not garbage for perverts but because it is a human obsession forthings that are out of its reach.
Its protagonist, the comic Humbert Humbert, is not your average pedophile, but a seriously injured human being who embodies the way we are all destroyed by our sick obsessions and our idosyncrasia.
The character of Lolita is almost a symbol of the prohibited apple in Christian mythology, something that will destroy us but which we cannot do without.
These ideas have all entered this film, but made in a way that is not at all heavy, but rather lyrical and emotionally devastating.
The objective of this film, and the reason to do it, it seems, was to really penetrate the emotional depths of the novel and give them life to the screen in beautifully dramatic images and scenes that are obviouslytoo stylized.
The tone of the book is comical, but it is also tragic, and Humbert, tell the story of his point of view, blows everyone outside perspective.
Humbert exists in a world that smells of his obsessions and desires, which reflects the way the whole film has been designed.
We have the impression that it may be by doing this that Humbert really trapped in a spell that will ultimately leave him haggard and destroyed.
He cries uncontrollablely and never lets himself overcome his original 14 year old love, and allows himself to embody it like Lolita.
He lets her feelings to navigate all her decisions, and in the end, he has only too dramatic feelings for her.
The story recognizes the extreme of this, almost out of a test, seeing if readers will really sympathize with someone who is socially considered as a pervert, and we almost wonder by reading the book if the author,Vladimir Nabokov, wrote the book as Unsignifie develop his own sick obsessions and perhaps bring them to peace.
The strangest thing about this film is that in the end, when Humbert reached the final of his obsessive journey, we can be easy You sympathize and even identify with him.
The opening and finals of the film are the same, and which has not done a similar action, which wanders without any sense of reality or something other than a deep sadness in us?
This is the second time that the novel has been adapted for the screen, the first time that shooting - Shock - 1962, by Stanley Kubrick, who could not have brought the novel to the screen with as much loyalty as LyneTo do, but did the following best: he saved for everything and proposed a funny black comedy on obsession in general.
In this film, he used society's traps as advantages.
The studio demanded the final scene, that of a heinous murder, comes first in the film to represent Humbert first as a murderer and second as a pedophile ... and
When you see it, it gives the depth of the film of a man trapped by obsession.
The censors would not allow more than a couple and a subtle dialogue to show the relationship, uh, between Humbert and Lolita, then Kubrick decided to play it as comedy, but always allowed the tragedy to infiltrate.
Looking at these two versions, especially after reading the novel (and we all know that when we have read a novel and given a cinematographic adaptation, we are necessarily angry with all the differences in size), it is really impossible to compare them.
They both opt for different things, and we have a lot more room to be as sexually frank than the novel.
And although it is true that several scenes are similar, and are therefore compared, overall, it is unfair to say which is the best and which is worse.
I have never been one to say that the level of magnitude of a cinematic adaptation of a novel is judged by its faithful, and I will not say that here.
However, this film is quite incredible, mainly because hey, I loved the book, and this film almost reminded me.
He does not have as much spirit (some comic scenes, and even a lot of good laughs, but quite simply not totally spiritual), but he has the same emotional toll as the novel.
Part of this is in the casting of the two tracks.
Jeremy Irons, with his deep and soft British voice and his sweet look, is an incredible Humbert.
It is funny in a very unique way, and, well, no one can look upset as it does.
It brings a wonderful sympathy to the role that goes beyond pathos and really appears to be easy to identify with the public.
And when he looks at Lolita with love, and she looks at him with Lust, you know that he is his prisoner as long as he lives.
And Dominique Swain, who plays the main character, is rather incredible.
It performs the difficult role even better than Sue Lyon in the original, wonderfully balancing the qualities of seduction, brassie and self -centeredness that marks the character.
It is easy to see why she goes to Humbert: she loves attention and knows that she can have her way with him at any time.
When he denies him something, she makes him sing effortlessly (a scene involving a rocking chair and a little action of the feet is damn close to the classic), and when he holds his head, she cries and fled, leaving Humbert to follow her.
There are two other minor characters in the film, one who is a roadblock at the beginning, and the other who reappears the relationship.
The first is Charlotte, the mother of Lolita, played by Melanie Griffith.
In the book, Charlotte is a woman's monster: dominating, constantly repressing her child, too religious and ultimately selfish.
And this is the only obstacle that Humbert must overcome to obtain his goal, at least at the start.
As played by Shelly Winters in the original, she represented all these qualities; as played by Griffith here, she is about half.
It's boring to watch a movie and play a game where you try to see who could have made the role much better than that on S Creen without mentioning the actor who played them first.
And even if Griffith is not really bad, Persiay, it is nothing more.
The other is Clare Quilty, the writer who also tries to seduce Lolita and succeeds, but at a price.
Langella takes on a direction completely different from that that Peter Sellars took in the original.
Quilty was a comic character of the original: a threat in the form of many forms, blowing up in hiking, German, prognosis and ultimately drunk.
Langella takes the other route, allowing all the goosebumps to find, and the result is a character that exists in shadows and low blows, and who meets a wonderfully ironic end, the exact opposite of what we havethought of him.
As you can see, most are not improvements or errors made from Lyne and his screenwriter, Stephen Schiff, but just parts of a brand new look on the novel, at least in terms ofmovie theater.
This version is beautiful and perpetually sad.
The movements of the camera are stylized and each plan is breathtaking.
The game is mostly wonderful, and when we look at it, we really have the impression that for Humbert, who tells the story, the only two people on earth most of the time were Humbert and Lolita.
More importantly, it takes us to the edge of emotion, then jumps to the right.
In the end, Humbert unfortunately leading with imprudence in his car, after what he says, it is the only part of his life that he does not regret, we think we all lose against something we can neverto have.