Tarzan Chad'z = good) 1999, g, 90 minutes [1 hour, 30 minutes] [Animated - Adventure / Drama] with the voices of: Tony Goldwyn (Tarzan), Minnie Driver (Jane Porter), launches Henriksen (Kerchak), Brian Béni (Clayton); written by Tab Murphy, Bob Tzudiker, Noni White; produced by Bonnie Arnold; directed by Chris Buck, Kevin Lima; based on the story "Tarzan des Singes" and characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Seen on July 4, 1999 at 7:15 a.m. P. Crossgates Cinemas 18 (Guilderland, NY), Theater # 9, by myself using my Hoyts Season Pass.
[Theater note: * * 1/2: very good sound, image and seats]
Title: "Tarzan" beautiful to look at, easy to follow.
Revue: Disney continues its tendency to produce successful successful summer films intended mainly for children but with sufficient spirit and charm so that adults are interested and at least entertainment by history.
The basic premise is the same as all the other "Tarzan": a boy is raised in the African jungle by gorillas and himself becomes one never understands (or even notice) that he is human and is very differentAnimals to which he became friends.
The first third of the film shows how Tarzan is adopted by Kala (expressed by Glen Close), a female gorilla that has lost its own child in a classic case of Darwanism.
His companion, Kerchak (Henriksen), is a nasty and conservative leader in the pack of gorillas who make up the extended family of Tarzan.
He refuses to recognize Tarzan (expressed by Alex D. Linz during the childhood scenes) as a son and must often stand to kill Tarzan after he has continuously did dangerous and wild things that are the result of his ownchildish instincts.
I have the feeling that children can quickly identify with Tarzan because everything he is is just a child who wants to have fun and it's funny to see how adults do not understand it.
Later, while the story passes from Tarzan as an adult man (expressed by Goldwyn), he is met by a party of three humans from England: Jane Porter (driver), a beautiful woman who isIn a way, a zoologist and an artist, his father profes. Archimede Q.porte (expressed by Nigel Hawthorne) who is also a scientific; and their cunning and cunning, barbaric, Clayton (Blessed).
It is easy to say where history is going at any time, but the scenario does not seem to have been written in a hurry or abused for the pleasure of children.
Of course, there are a lot of shots here, such as the sufficiency and diabolical manipulation of Clayton by Tarzan and Jane; the wacky support characters (expressed by Rosie O'Donnell [in the middle of Brooklyn accent!] And Wayne Knight - "HelloNewman! ”).
There is also a lot of fun action like Tarzan swinging through the jungle on the vineyards and sliding down and around the branches and tree trunks.
It's like skateboarding very quickly and doing all kinds of things (these McDonald's advertisements really prove this point).
In the end, you get out of "Tarzan" exactly what you expect ...
And I mean that as a compliment, there are therefore great expectations.
Advantages: Animation and sound are a feast for the senses, the story is light, windy and not stupid, no singing songs stupid to get stuck in your head.
Disadvantages: Surprisingly violent, should have been assessed PG.
Young children may not understand some of the most adult themes (parents, be ready to have strong questions).
The execution time is a bit short.
Would you recommend that to friends?
Not to my friends, but to the cinema public, I would.
Score: or without note 0).