The ultimate match between good and evil, "Les Intouchables" is an excellent film because it looks more deeply like an already examined rivalry.
Based on the 1959 television show of the same title, "The Untouchables" can be an exaggeration of real events that have taken place, but it fits perfectly with beautifully filmed action sequences, an excellent game, a scoreMemorable and intelligent Unscript.
The film takes place in Chicago during the era of prohibition where gangsters led by the ruthless Ruth Al Capone lead an underground alcohol market to the demanding public.
Elliot Ness and a small force of men known as untouchables try the impossible by trying to stop Capone and try to maintain peace and order.
However, as Ness soon learns, in order to stabilize peace, you must fold some laws.
The fact that Capone is the evil is very obvious from the first scenes.
The film begins with Capone, played perfectly with Deniro, declaring that he is not a violent man and that he firmly believes in following all the laws.
The film is then quickly transferred to the next scene in which one of Capone Bombes a restaurant that contains many innocent people, including a little girl.
From that moment, we know that Capone is bad, not only because it kills without hesitation, but also because it is a bastard lie.
From the first five minutes of the film, from Palma created a hatred towards Capone and he shows that this man must be shot at all costs.
This developed hatred is before the hero of the film, Ness, is even introduced.
I found that this approach was very intelligent because in a short period, there is a lot of admiration for the Ness and an equal amount of hatred for Capone.
The film is only improving from this point.
With the formation of untouchables, there is a group of men carrying long and dark overcoats and hats.
They walk in unison and they are only before.
As they walk in the streets, they are observed and feared by citizens.
Holding rifles and pistols with hands to stop criminals, this image of vigilantes had to influence future films.
Whoever comes to mind is "the matrix" when Neo, Morpheus, Trinity and the rest of the gang came for the first time in the virtual world.
Bearing more futuristic outfits of the same style of the 1930s, the similarities between these two are countless.
 "Les Intouchables" has some of the trendiest and most courageous heroes of any action film.
The four members were the only ones willing to go against Capone's army.
Each member of this special group also had its own characteristics that separated them from the others.
Elliot Ness, played with a perfect ingenuity by Kevin Costner, is a character who surely grows during the film.
He begins as a man determined to follow all the laws, no matter how unfair they can be.
However, as the film develops, Ness.
His beliefs involving the law are broken when he realizes that those in whom he trusts are really members on the other side.
He also begins to lose his stability when his opponents begin to assassinate his friends.
His anger becomes so thunderous that he can no longer hold him.
Sean Connery, who won an Oscars for the best support actor in his role, plays Malone, an aging cop who decides to make a final round as a member of the untouchables.
Malone acts as a Ness mentor.
He teaches her "the way of Chicago" to do things; when they attack with a knife, you attack with a pistol.
Connery plays his character with the exact quantity of spirit and necessary experience.
Andy Garcia does a wonderful job as George Stone, a young man who becomes just a police officer.
As Ness grows, he begins to teach in Stone precious lessons that Malone taught him.
Charles Martin Smith is also fantastic as a final member who is trying to use an income tax against Capone.
Smith is perfect for his role because he adds precious Comic relief in the film.
The action scenes are also among the most beautiful choreographers that I have ever seen.
Also very similar to "The Matrix", they are exciting and intense.
> From a western battle to the famous confrontation with the walks of the station, the scenes are well thought out and well executed.
The score during these scenes adds ingeniously to excitement.
Its beating drum beats act as a rhythm for the actors.
The combination of image and music is very impressive and also very effective.
Although real untouchables have been excessively glorified, this film is pure entertainment and contains a unique mix of great game, great achievement and great action.
Certain scenes (Capone and the baseball bat, the station) have stayed in my mind for years and seeing them will only make them more lively.