Cinematic adaptation of Hunter S.The sadly famous semi-autobiographical book fed by hallucinogen of the same title.
Director Terry Gilliam from Twelve Monkeys (8/10) and Brazil (7/10), took over this project after director Alex Cox (Sid and Nancy (7. 5/10)))))
 "Apparently, alienated all those who are associated with the film," according to Gilliam.
The intrigue: the writer Thompson (Depp) heads towards Las Vegas with his lawyer Dr.Gonzo (Del Toro) to cover a motorcycle race.
During their trip, they systematically consume "two bags of grass, seventy-five mescaline pastilles, five sheets of high power blotting, a salt of salt half full of cocaine, an entire galaxy of multiple increases,From Downhers, Crieurs, Laureries, a quarter of tequila, a quarter of rum, a case of beer, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls.
The film presents the results of this high drug use.
Critality: I gave this film two distinct notes because I believe that the enjoyment of this psychedelic image is strongly correlated with the quantity of drugs or alcohol that would float in the mind of the spectator, while inhaling this cinematographic visionexcess.
If you are ready to go high or in intoxication before watching this film, I would say that it is an image that you will appreciate thoroughly on a multitude of colorful levels.
If, on the other hand, you decide to move away from the addition of harmful elements to your system, I could not imagine that you really appreciate a large part of the driving of this image induced by drugs (5. 5/10For all these sober dogs).
Note: I haven't read Thompson's book.
That said, Joblo is engaged in a consumption session based on alcohol before (and during) the visualization of this film, so his review of the film should be appreciated at this level.
This film is strongly based on particular style and humor, rather than on substance or intrigue.
He passes admirably from one scene to another, without much basis of being, while presenting us the two days of the life of the Hunter S.Thampson during which he seemed to consume more drugs and alcohol thanAnyone who couldn't imagine it.
It was in 1971, and Times was apparently "a" change "in the United States.
Johnny Depp minces his role as a child invaded by vegetation sucks a chocolate lollipop.
During the shooting, Depp apparently becomes rapid friends with the real writer Thompson, and was known to move away from the tray from time to time, to check the most recent barmaid to the local watering hole.
I thought he seemed to exaggerate his walk a little too much, but there again, this film is supposed to be a wild exaggeration of everything and everything, so who should I speak.
The only thing that made me blow up my mind was the real physical transformation endured by actor Benicio Del Toro for his role as Dr.Gonzo.
I could not believe that this fatty lawyer, Samoan, was the same guy who played the elegant criminal in the usual suspects (7. 5/10).
The word in the street is which has won more than 40 pounds for this role, and I must say that its look was delightfully reprehensible.
Many cames also dot this image in a kaleidoscopic movement in the form of Ellen Barkin, Christina Ricci, Tobey Maguire and Cameron Diaz, as well as a lot of others.
Apart from that, the soundtrack was expected eclectic, the style was not as wild as I thought, and the end was certainly not a barn burner, but there again, who really noticed.
This film speaks of visions of bats floating in your head, of Johnny Depp for the clumsy air and of being bald, and the corne of abundance of scenes ravaged by drugs filling your own system in a state of drunkenness D'Ideas of anarchy, rebellion and the lost American dream.
And for all those who plan to see this film without the partnership of a medium drink or a powerful dooobia, I suggest you move further in the aisle, to buy A ticket for Godzilla (6/10), and take advantage of the visual manufacturing manufactured for the unstimped spirit.
Little known facts: Depp and Del Toro sniff a lot of powdered milk instead of cocaine.
Bill Murray also portrayed a character based in Thompson in the film where the Buffalo is heading.
Johnny Depp refused the roles in the three musketeers, Speed (7. 5/10) and Legends of the Fall (7. 5/10), for smaller roles in Benny and Joon (6. 5/10)And what is Manger Gilbert Grape?
 (7/10).
In 1988, Depp told Rolling Stone magazine that he had tried each medication at the age of 14.
Johnny dragged with certain members of Oasis during the filming of The Unfiled Divine Rapure in Ireland, and then played the diligence guitar on the 1997 album, Be here Now.
Johnny was born in Kentucky, is a dropout from the school, nicknamed "Mr. Stans", has committed four women so far (including actress Winona Ryder, whose tattoo "Winona Forever"had to be changed into "Wino Forever Forever" after their breakup), currently plays the guitar in a group called "P", and has the nightclub of the Viper room in L. Un.