Capsule: This is a style break from the 1950s or 1960s, which takes place in the present.
Robert Deniro plays the role of Safecracker against the risks that wants to retire, but takes a final job at the request of a personal friend (played by Marlon Brando).
Edward Norton plays a young Sharpster Hotshot who is also on crime.
The plot is above all a simple suspense with little nonsense.
 , +2 (-4 to +4)
I am sure I had to see almost the identical intrigue before.
This is a turning film designed for an adult audience that probably wanted a police film as they had seen in theaters when they were adolescents.
There are no superhuman acrobats that remove buildings from buildings as in trapping.
There is no rock score.
There is no ballet like martial arts.
It is only a basic turning film with a decent and distinctly credible and non -flashy script.
Nick (played by Robert Deniro) is a safecker who managed to succeed by never taking risks.
If a job is not a safe bet (word game), it retreats.
Sometimes, even safe bets are revealed that they are not as sure.
When a job is very mistaken, Nick is pissed enough to decide that nature tells him that it is time to get out of the game.
He returns home in Montreal where he has a jazz club and decides to manage him full time.
He offers his girlfriend Diane (Angela Bassett).
She has a condition.
He must be retired from the crime.
But before the agreement could be cemented, Max, a workers' ankle from Montreal and a personal friend, has a last work supposedly easy for Nick.
Nick does not want any room, especially because robbery will be right in his hometown of Montreal.
More and more details seem to complicate work.
Nick's partner in crime is to be an intelligent but uncontrollable young Crook, Jack (Edward Norton).
Jack treats a front door like a welcome carpet, even at the home of his associates.
The young crook is an know-how that seems good in everything he does, but to avoid rubbing people in the wrong direction.
Together, they plan to steal an invaluable historic artifact from Montreal Customs House.
Kario Salem's script, Lem Dobbs and Scott Marshall Smith works like an episode of the old television series "Mission Impossible".
We see pieces of breakage gathered, last -minute changes and things that go wrong, a bit like a good episode of "Impossible Mission".
This team may not be a bad choice to write scripts for "Mission Impossible" films by Tom Cruise.
Complications are no more or less than those necessary to make history credible.
The story is cold and black and black, which is exactly what it is supposed to be.
The director Frank Oz, The Voices of Yoda and Miss Piggy is surprisingly good to make a serious criminal film.
The score has a more than sufficient cast with a small flashy game or stage thief.
Edward Norton probably has the most flashy role and even this is discreet according to today's standards.
He plays what is almost a double role.
Jack claims to be a victim of brain damage to be hired for customs employment.
a beautiful ( ? )
The character I have not mentioned is Stephen (Jamie Harrold).
Stephen is a master hacker who lives in his mother's basement in a house with a lot of cries in both directions.
It seems to be the last person that the unfavorable risk would like to depend.
The film itself remains discreet until the time of the culminating breakage.
Then the pace is really reproduced.
Before that, the plot even stops twice for jazz interludes.
Although Oz never lets music steal the time of history as Woody Allen does in Sweet and Lowdown.
Regarding music, the score of the partition is of Howard Shore.
He adds a tension to the suspense scenes, but never seems to have a lot of melody.
Angela Bassett is poorly fading in a totally minor role that should have been played by a less famous actress who needed a break.
she does not have Hing to do in the film but demand that Nick abandoned crime and looks like an attractive reward if he does it.
Speaking of being attractive, the score seems to attract an older audience who learned to appreciate roughly the same kind of film in the 1950s and 1960s.
He does the job.
I note a 7 on the 0 to 10 and A +2 scale on the scale from -4 to +4.