The premise of Wag The Dog is so simple that it is sufficiently explained by advertisements.
With 11 days to travel to the elections, the president (whom we never see) calls the political artist of political tricks Robert Deniro to distract the attention of a booming sex scandal.
Deniro enlists the Hollywood producer Dustin Hoffman to produce a "competition", a false war against Albania, fought on the blue screens of Hollywood and the recording studios of Nashville, with Woody Harrelson as a reluctant and psychotic hero.
And if there was nothing more in the film than that, it would be at best a second -rate robbery comedy, animated by great actors - as sneakers go to Washington.
 (A robbery comedy?
Yeah .
Deniro and Hoffman "fly" the elections, so to speak, and the film is more on the way they do it - and the pleasure they do - than anything else.)
Wag The dog succeeds because it is based a great truth: the American people are stupid.
Ok, it may not be "like your neighbor as you yourself" or even "two plus two in fact four", but a truth nevertheless.
 (Any average person who thinks they are really intelligent of the two things that this film satiris - the creation of movements and the political process - is invited, no, challenged, to spend a week watching a film actually made or 48Hours of Affiléegarder C-SPAN when the house is in session.
And because we are so completely stupid, in Hollywood, Hollywood knows that some percentage of us will see the rain last or Magoo, Washington knows that we will not notice a few million dollars spent here and there for subsidies'Porn art and cigar subsidies- and the character of Deniro knows that the skills in American geography are so weak that we will not be able to locate Albania on the map.
The beauty of Wag the Dog is that it is not a light comedy and meaningful on politics (as voiceless, the image Michael Keaton - Geena Davis) or from the level of light political satire to almost actions.
Nor is it a cynical look with a hard board on the way in which a baby boomers has an ethically spared morally spared time evokes its shady path in the white house (like primary colors - and yes, I am a little disappointedThe way in which the last two elections have proven to be, please ask).
Instead, David Mamet's script collaborates this delicate balance between comedy and cynicism necessary for satire.
He does this by keeping us in a fantastic world where most of the intriguing plans stand out beautifully and only fail entertaining and humorous.
Deniro plays a variation on his character from Al Capone des Intouchables, without any of the violent rages.
That's it: "What does I like?
What brings me joy?
Baseball, "less the Savage Bloody beating with the bat.
He threatens a lot of people, be careful, but he does it in a very pleasant and polished way.
It is a very soft and sober performance, which corresponds to the playing in the script.
Hoffman, on the other hand, is stunned, exuberant and joyful.
This kind of thing is for which his character lives, and it is so excited that he cannot even be silent.
Even on the verge of disaster, it is with shiny eyes (behind strangely tinted sunglasses) and positive.
The initiates note that he bases his character on a powerful but anonymous producer - which may or not be true, but Hoffman always gives off the type of rental electricity on a show that you think that a producer must have.
The best part and the most frustrating part of Wag The Dog is in the distribution of support.
The characters are so well drawn and so well played that we want to see more, listen to them speak in this dialogue of Mamet Wised -Up, to know them better - what we do not do.
Anne Heche, died in her representation of a political press assistant - cool and composed outside, panicked and frantic outside.
Denis Leary (one of my favorite actors - see the reference) is the "f Ad King ", which manages the profitable" back-end "-tie-shirts and shoe contracts and other creative and innovative ways to separate a fool from his money.
They could make an entire film, almost the Fad King, and I would go see it.
Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard manage the musical end of things fabulously, from the optimistic theme song of the Gospel chorus, at the weekend country Waltz, in the hilarious parody "Ballad of the the Green Berets".
Woody Harrelson has a brief but memorable part as a surmedia "hero" of the Albanian conflict.
Craig T.nels, as a candidate for the opposition, and the always reliable William H.Macy, as a far -fetched CIA, receives a short duration.
 (One of my little reproaches is that we never see what spin doctors do on the other side.)
Wag the Dog is a funny film on serious problems: the trivialization of American policy, the role of the press in the imbalance of problems, the impact of Hollywood in the creation of campaign advertisements, the reduction of all thingsPoliticians with sound dicks and side bars - Lesla List continues.
We can solve most of these problems by playing a greater role in our national life and by educating ourselves as electors and citizens.
WAG The dog reminds us what can happen if we don't do it.