A dark look at the functioning of Boston Underworld, a film based on the bestseller by George V., Higgins.
He is seen through the tired eyes of a 51 -year -old hood, Eddie, "Fingers" Coyle (Mitchum).
He obtained the nickname when a mafia boss in his underground element closed the draw on his fall.
His current dilemma is that he was caught running the illegal alcohol by truck and faces a section of 3 to 5 years in the New Hampshire, which, according to him, will be a perpetuity sentence forHe because he doesn't think he could survive prison at his age.
He is also concerned about the fact that his wife and three children will have to go well-being.
He could have concluded an agreement and get out of it, if he turned his boss to the D. Un., But he thought he would never live if he did it.
He is currently in the process of firearms for a gang of very successful bank thieves led by Scalise (Rocco).
The masked banking thieves operate by first going to the director of the bank and holding his family hostage, then they go to the bank and force the director to open the boot, if not his familygets.
On one of the burglaries, they kill a bank officer who pushes the alarm.
The best friend of Coyle is Dillon (Boyle), a hitman for the crowd, working as a bartender.
There is a permanent looter for treasury agents, as a young aggressive agent named Foley (Jordan), who likes to be called uncle, gives Dillon breathing to operate some of his low -level crime activities and workThe bar even was a prison record, as long as it continues to obtain precious information on the things that happen with the gangs.
The date of condemnation approaching him, the coyle already condemned is under bond and seeks an angle to cut his prison sentence.
He contacted the Foley agent and gives him some advice without consequences, then decides to do something that goes against his grain.
Thinking that he made an agreement dressed in iron with Foley to obtain his crushed condemned in the New Hampshire, he gives him the place where a sale of machine guns takes place, knowing at full speed the young Hustler (keats) selling the cannons, it is a lot of it was like a young person and during the arrest, he will make a perpetuity imprisonment.
But Foley said to him after arresting the Firearm Conceur, that the New Hampshire wants more before removing his prison sentence, they want him to be a full -time informant.
Warning: Spoiler follows the following paragraph.
Bank thieves are configured and involved and the mafia boss is convinced that Coyle did and gives Dillon the contract to take care of his friend.
Contempt Dillon became friends with Coyle and treats him with a steak dinner and takes him to a brown hockey match while moving him.
Coyle takes a look at the young Bruin Bobby Orr star of his headquarters headquarters and says: "To be young like that and have his future, he is the biggest hockey player in the world."
Dillon then takes the drunk coyle for a long journey and executes the Mob style, by making a child who works to empty the body in a bad section of Boston.
It is a great atmospheric film due to the realistic black humor it establishes, the desperate situation in which are the low -level criminals, and how they are forced to live with fear and theuncertainty of what will be horrible will then happen.
The city streets are ugly, the gangsters are capable of any action to defend their own interests, whether betrayal or murder.
There is a fatalistic feeling of their lives, something that Robert Mitchum wears as easily as others put a hat.
Mitchum gives this film all the intensity and the goal it needs, because it overcomes a thin intrigue.
This makes you see the characters for what they are without any false sympathy for them.
Mitchum is a loser; and, that he has lived so long, is a tribute to his skills as a survivor.
But in the end, he even loses the respect he had among his friends from hell as a standing guy, while he was fighting with his code of honor and even loses Tha t battle.