Contact is a film that tries to do several different things.
It is intended to present a realistic image of what foreign contact could be, to restore a feeling of wonder and mystery to the question of extraterrestrial life, to raise questions about science and faith and how they would be relevantIn such a situation, and tell a personal story of a romance between the astronomer Dr.ellie Arway (Jodie Foster) and the religious spokesman Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey).
The film succeeds in its first two goals perfectly.
The representation of the communication of an extraterrestrial world is much more reasonable (although less immediately engaging) than, say, the destructiveness of the composure of the invaders on the day of independence or even the complex process of removal andGenetic hybridization that forms the current plot line of the current television the X-Files.
The extraterrestrials in contact seem to be like us - they are more curious than anything else.
They know that we exist, they want us to know that they exist and that they would like to do the next step and communicate in person.
The film obviously abstains to show us directly the extraterrestrials, and between the continuous speculation of the characters on the extraterrestrials and the exceptional visuals in the culminating but enigmatic scene when Arway arrives in the extraterrestrial world, this feeling of wonder and mystery withA force with a force will since 2001 of Stanley Kubrick: A Space Odyssey.
Most of the film, however, takes place on Earth, where there is a prolonged public debate on how to respond to these extraterrestrials.
Scientists are enthusiastic, ultra -conservative religious leaders are wary and government officials are taken somewhere between the two.
The debate is largely fueled by Dr. The Arolaria Atheism; it seems the obvious choice to pilot the spaceship for which the extraterrestrials have provided plans, but many are wary of sending an atheist as a representativeFrom humanity to another species.
The film partly succeeds in raising and exploring these questions, in particular when it reaches a conclusion which suggests that the two approaches - science and faith - could be considered complementary rather than diametrically opposite.
However, the film is a bit short in its representation of this conflict as it exists in American society.
The two "sides" are represented mainly by Arway and by far -right fundamentalists, but in reality, 80% of Americans are neither atheists nor of far -right fundamentalists.
Palmer Joss occupies something with common ground, but he finally becomes distracted by personal patterns and appears to be a spokesperson less ideal for any ideology.
Here again, the film mainly focuses on public debate, which, after all, tends to be dominated by extremists, rather than discussions for dinner or college.
Contact is precise in its representation of these problems, but only in the narrow scope to which it is limited.
The clear failure of the film is in the representation of the romance between Arway and Joss.
On the one hand, it uses the tired film film * that two attractive people will immediately fall in love as soon as they appear together on the screen, because there is no other reason for their instant mutual attraction.
The romance rarely throws, if never, on the characters, although he tries and sometimes fails - the explanation of Joss according to which he left the priesthood because of the requirement of celibacy ("I suppose you could say thatI am a man of the fabric, Maissans le fabage "), for example, is more like a punchline for a joke than on the development of the character.
Instead, romance mainly seems to exist for the good of the developments in the subsequent intrigue.
Admittedly, it is a film focused on the plot and ideas and the characters are secondary, but it just seemed laziness on the part of writers more than anything else.
The successes of contact, however, prevail from afar on his f is being done.
Even if the social commentary had completely collapsed (which he did not do it), the simple but mysterious story of extraterrestrial communication would have always made a memorable film.
The contact does not completely cover all the bases, but it covers as much as one could hope in a two -hour film, and its rejection of theaters with a big budget for a more realistic story is certainly admirable.
And I would not be surprised if, in ten years, contact is mentioned in the same breath as 2001 and Blade Runner as one of the best examples of sophisticated and intellectually relevant science fiction.