DreamWorks Pictures presents a Jinks / Cohen Company Kevin Spacey Annette Bening "American Beauty" production "Thora Birch Allison Janney Peter Gallagher Meny Suvari Wes Bentley and Christ Coproducers Stan Wlodkowski Alan Balla creator of Greenbury, Naomi Shohan,L.Hall, A.S.C.
Produced by Bruce Cohen & Dan Jinks written by Alan Ball directed by Sam Mendes
 “My wife and daughter think I am this gigantic loser.
And they are right.
I lost something.
I did not always feel that under sedation. "
With this dialogue, we are fully presented to Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey), a 42 -year -old man trapped in his own life.
Lester works for an advertising agency.
His growing dissatisfaction with his work is only one of the half-life crises he suffers.
Lester far from his wife and daughter, Lester begins to crack under stress.
His life is not becoming more than a series of mastobatory fantasies and mausade apathy.
Carolyn Burnham (Annette Bening), is the prototypical / housewife woman at home.
She carefully takes care of her rose garden, decorates her house with the best furniture.
But inside, she is desperate.
Without success to her profession as a real estate agent, she behaves in the states of denial and self -move that only feeds her growing resentment towards her family.
The third member of this anti-family is Jane Burnham (Thora Birch), the daughter of Lester and Carolyn.
A young girl who goes through the typical stages of adolescence, but also having to reconcile with her growing dysfunction family.
This fun (and frightening) slice of life is refreshing.
No character is given less than necessary to identify it.
Some of the most revealing characters are those who are used to highlight other characters.
Barbara Fitts is most particularly (Allison Janney), the almost catatonic wife of Colonel Marin with Fitts.
She has almost no dialogue and seems to recover from a stroke or to suffer from one.
Colonel Fitts (Chris Cooper) is an angry and frightened man.
His rage almost singularly directed his son, Ricky (Wes Bentley) who has just moved with his family in the same neighborhood as the Burnham.
In fact, they are the neighbors next door.
More details on the personalities of these wonderfully diverse characters, would deprive one of the many pleasures and surprises to have in "American Beauty".
Alan Ball, who was the executive co-producer of the successful television series "Cybil" and creator of the new sitcom "Oh Grow Up", shaped one of the most insightful and regulated scenarios for having reached the 'screen in the last ten years.
Not a character in this film sounds wrongly.
And the depth of the personality in everyone is painfully honest and perceptive.
The intrigue detailing last year in the life of a man when he tries to find his own value is so resounding and at the same time original to make you think of a wonderful cinema work such as "The Graduate" or"Lolita".
Kevin Spacey is running in one of the most pragmatic performances this year.
His Lester Burnham is a man of everyone taken in the middle of a life that spiral in old age.
Finally, unable to face the lost soul that he has become, Lester tries to return to his youth.
He leaves his job (in fact to make his employer sing for a year of salary), begins to smoke pot, fantasy about his daughter's girlfriend Angela (Mena Suvari, in a wonderful performance here), begins to trainAnd finally takes a job at local fast food.
M. The performance of Spacey is so remarkably subtle and ingenious, that we can be some who come Oscar? The time, we can ensure that it is appointed among the five nominees.
Annette Bening also refers what could be the best performance of her care r.
Carolyn Burnham is a woman who has become so unsafe that she was caught in maintaining the facade of normality.
Unable to face her growing disillusionment, she forces herself to maintain her behavior, leading her more and more in despair, adultery and perhaps murder.
Ms. Bening makes the character of Carolyn so convincing that he is identifiable for almost anyone.
The slow and methodical turning point of Happy Home Maker at Charnel House Martha Stewart is too frightening to express with words.
Thora Birch stands against talents cast with her.
Jane Burnham is both an innocent girl taken in what is a dysfunctional family, and a rebellious child ready to abandon them at any time.
His growing distrust and isolation of his family are something that many parents should consider a warning.
She is the child of the prototypical trophy.
When Carolyn rents her daughter after a performance by her cheerleading team ("I'm so proud of you, darling.
You have not messed up once! "), The bitterness and resentment are palpable.
Thora Birch is a young actress to watch.
Praise must also go to Chris Cooper who gives life to another role of angry father with depth and resonance.
Colonel Finn is a man in a complete denial.
His military education masking a desire that he is too rejected to even understand.
Wes Bentley as Ricky Finn is like the enigma.
The boy next that can be more enemy than friends.
A deceptive and calculating young man, whose voyeuristic tendencies mask a deeper and deeper understanding of life than any of the adults around him.
M. Bentley's performance is the annoying note of the film.
It is simply because the character is such a large and complete liar, that he is almost enhanced.
The director Sam Mendes manages all the details of the distribution and the parameters with a safe and composed style which is neither intrusive nor subtle.
Carolyn scenes walking in the rain, carry a disturbing fission that draws attention to the character's emotions.
Conrad Hall's subtle cinematography is wonderful, capturing the season in all its hard beauty (autumn never looks so welcoming, but depressing).
Each nuance of "American beauty" begs its audience to think and examine.
It is a film that will be discussed and debated for the years to come.
Well, that should, because it is simply one of these years.