As any sociologist will attest to it, your childhood and the types of parents that you will strongly influence your happiness in adulthood.
Parents who support and the nourishing environments will give children who will embrace values and standards that can allow them to live a healthy and productive life.
But if your education is ruined with violence, hatred and dysfunctionality, then your trip to a happy adult will be struggling with psychological obstacles almost too great to overcome.
`` Affliction '' explores how a man never really escapes the grip of a nightmarish childhood ruthlessly.
The man in question is Wade Whitehouse (Nick Nolte).
Here is a man who is like any other citizen on the surface.
He is a productive member of the community and goes about his daily routine a bit like you and me.
But when you scratch under the surface, something scary and evil begins to raise his ugly head.
We see that he is a person at medium temperature.
He has trouble taking control of his emotions, which generally prevails.
It is quick to apologize for his actions and wants to be a soft person, but something arouses a tendency to violence.
He also has huge relationship problems.
He is divorced and his only link with love is his daughter.
But his downstream personality and his stature alienates him.
He is visibly shaken by her rejection even if she says that she loves her.
His behavior also puts his relationship with a local city (Sissy Spacek) in danger.
She tries to stay faithful to him and support each other, but for women who are unlucky enough to attach to this kind of person, relationships will end up ending like sentences ending with an exclamation mark.
Finally, he is mean and vindictive.
As a rejected father, he initiated a guard battle which seems desperate.
As the only police officer in the city, he issues a speed ticket for a man whose father has just died.
We can see that he is a man that is both afflicted and living with pain.
He is a prisoner and slave.
He heads for a level of madness and madness that defies understanding.
What kind of strength can move a man on the verge of his emotions and out of the reach of people who really care about him?
We learn that the answer is his father (James Coburn).
It is the kind of father that each son would be ashamed of having and that any woman would be afraid to meet.
He is a terribly misogynist and frequent drunk who governs with an iron fist.
We see his tyrannical behavior through flashbacks.
To enhance the father's udder, flashbacks are displayed as home video sequences taken by a very frightened person.
very effective .
Today, Wade’s father is quite old, but still manages to instill fear to an adult man.
The influence that the father has is essential, and his uncompromising effect tackles harshly on the tortured Wade.
The result is the nightmare of each son? Become as the father that we have always feared to be.
It is a piece of psychological drama terribly presented, and Nolte turns into a strong performance as a man whose pain seems to become a detriment and a necessity.
He is a pushing person who is still reduced to groans in the presence of his father.
Coburn displays the weight like the bitter father.
But it is certainly not a price on Saturday evening.
There is nothing light or soft in this film.
This can move away from many moviegoers.
But it should certainly be noted that it is a well -played drama presenting the talents of raw actor of Nolte and Coburn.