Allen, a star of many films by Brian Depalma in the early 1980s, has a brief disposable part towards the end of "out of sight", as a maid of a twisted financier.
In accordance with its past performance, Allen carries a little more than a Victoria green set of Velvet Green who raises the question, do they really need a costume designer for that?
 "Out of sight" is unlikely to secure the SEP. Allen the kind of compressions granted to Pam Grier, which also returned from the dark to appear in another recent adaptation of Elmore Leonard, "Jackie Brown", butHe is intriguing screening.
The real stars of "Out of Sight" are George Clooney ("Batman & Robin" by "E. R, helping the film to keep the charismatic charm of Leonard's original work.
With the success of "Get Shorty" three years ago, filmmakers realized that the adaptation of a novel by Elmore Leonard can be an easier proposal than trying to dream of a scenario from zero.
In "Out of Sight", Clooney plays the role of Jack Foley, a career criminal who specializes in the flightless flight - he just argues in banks and politely withdraws, saying that his "partner" (just oneAnother client he arrives) managerial puller if the cashier does not comply.
For all Jack's charm of Jack, he is not very lucky.
His latest scam won him in the Correctional Establishment of Florida Clearières.
Federal Marshal Karen Sisco (Lopez) comes by chance to prison when Jack and his boyfriend (twenty rhames, generally attractive) break out.
There is a brief struggle and Jack gathers himself and Karen in the trunk of the flight car.
It is within these cramped limits, pressed intimately together, that Jack and Karen begin to fall for each other.
The mutual attraction continues as the couple on the opposite sides of the law slipped into and out of the other.
Karen follows Jack in Detroit, where he is about to withdraw another robbery, this time a cache of diamonds not cut from the incarcerated businessman Richard Ripley (played by an Albert Brooks with Toupee sport, almost unrecognizable inprison scenes).
It is during this last caper caperctorate that Allen makes his unnecessary appearance.
The range of Clooney as an actor is limited, but he has an undeniable charm.
Lopez also is easy for the eyes, but she demonstrates more depth in her representation of Karen, a difficult but tender professional.
She is dispensed with hitmen as easily as shady collection artists in a bar.
Particularly cute is a sequence in which Karen fantasies on Jack in a motel bathtub.
Admirably supporting Clooney and Lopez are Don Cheadle as a compatriot Felon Maurice 'Snoopy' Miller, Steve Zahn like Glenn Michaels, who buys him affectionately.
Adding some unwmished cameos from the members of the distribution "Jackie Brown" and "Out of sight" is very fun.
Not as hip and intelligent as "shorty", perhaps, or as complex and colorful as "brown", but still a lot of pleasure.