With more and more television programs with gay characters, and even the infamous sitcom "Ellen" being centered on the life of a lesbian, the film industry also seems to gain more and more homosexual intrigue.
The bird cage was acclaimed by criticism, as was this year in pursuit of Amy.
Then came in place, and these three films are on my list of the first ten for the years they were published.
It should also be noted that this "alternative lifestyle" is becoming less and less taboo over the years, and it seems that the use of comedy as a medium proves to be a valid effort.
Although this is a very serious problem for many, it is the comedies that people flock and that gain notoriety.
But the way we use comedy to present homosexuality also evolves quite spectacularly.
While the gay community was once very stereotypical and used to laugh * to *, it becomes more and more something that we laugh * with *, and when a film like in & out presents itself, it is someSomething that heterosexuals and homosexuals should be made to enjoy completely.
He does not laugh at the lifestyle, he simply uses it with all his comic capacity, just like love, sex, marriage, birth, death, and all that has been.
The idea of In & out was born the day Tom Hanks won his Oscar for having portrayed a homosexual affected by AIDS in Philadelphia.
If you remember, during his acceptance speech, Hanks paid a very emotional tribute to the gay community and even saw a former gay teacher as a major inspiration in his life.
It is a serious and delicate subject, but producer Scott Rudin considered him the framework of a potentially hilarious comedy, and presented it to the scriptwriter Paul Rudnick.
It is true that if this same film had been written by a heterosexual, it may have been more controversial, but because it was written by an openly gay writer, the prerogative was defined.
Kevin Kline, who does not seem to become more and more acclaimed, plays the role of Howard Brackett, an English teacher in high school in the small picturesque town of Greenleaf, Indiana.
After a three -year commitment to his colleague Professor Emily Montgomery (Joan Cusack), a wedding date has been set, and the umbrella that surrounds it is almost as big as the one surrounding another huge story - Greenleaf High the graduate CameronDrake (Matt Dillon) is in place is in a place an Oscar actor.
The small town is impatiently awaiting the two events, and the two seem quite astronomical, but no one knows how much one will affect the other.
When Cameron Drake is announced winner, the excitement is reinforced because he pays tribute to his English teacher in high school, Mr. Brackett.
Everyone applauds Greenleaf-that is to say until Cameron knocks on these three calamities words, "and he is gay."
The city becomes silent while the whole population joins a fall in simultaneous jaw.
The fact is that no one, notably Howard, can understand how Cameron has come to this conclusion, and wild and unexpected news can only be wreaking havoc in an American haven as conservative as Greenleaf.
Naturally, the questions discharge from Howard's fiancée, Parents (Debbie Reynolds & Wilford Brimley), students, and Lycée director, Tom Halliwell (Bob Newhart), and evidence is starting to become more and more obvious: Howardis clean, neat, honest, sincere, romantic and perhaps the most incriminating fact, he likes Barbara Streisand.
The frenzy is not helped when teams of cameras from all imaginable news magazines and "Entertainment Tonight" Wannabe appear in Greenleaf High the next morning.
A private journalist is Peter Maloy (Tom Selleck) of "Inside Entertainment", which, unlike the collage of other journalists, wants to spend a whole week in the life of Howard Brackett, including the cover of his wedding.
The intrusion is almost welcome by Howard, who goes more and more out of his mind every minute that passes .
It seems that it does not matter where he turns, a camera is in the face of in front and questions concerning homosexuality are thrown to him like frisbees.
The dominoes are starting to tumble while the closest friends of Howard are starting to act different and the principal indicates Halliwell during a possible termination of employment if Howard is indeed gay.
All this seems very devastating, and it would be if they had not presented a quasi-perfection by one of the most delicious overall casts of this year.
Kline only seems to improve with age, and it is downright perfect here.
The great thing about this film is that each character has a moment to shine, and they use it wonderfully.
Each actor transforms one of his best performance of all time.
Dillon has never been so friendly, Cusack never seemed so perfect for a role, and Brimley, Reynolds and Newhart all give huge laughs when they are up to par.
Rudnick's script is strongly laced in mind and humor, and you will probably find yourself laughing out loud for eighty minutes.
While in & out does not wear enough to give it four stars, it remains one of the best films of the year, all around.
The script is exuberant, the actors are absolutely in mind, and we are allowed just the perfect mixture of favorites so as not to bother the laughter.
There remains a solid comedy throughout its entirety, but we always have a touching end in fir trees.
Despite his subject and a scene that is almost too close to explain gay sex, it is a film that everyone could and should, appreciate.
Frank Oz, better known as a vocal talent for Muppets, directs this film with pleasure, using the whole scenario of Potential Rudnick, which turns out to be a bit.
Check this one.
You will have an old gay time.