The veteran actor Clint Eastwood never looks as graying as in the real crime, his last effort as director.
When Steve Everett (his new character) gets angry with someone, he looks at them with these famous Harry's dirty eyes, crisscrosses his forehead and frowned like a grizzly man who has just lost his little ones.
Eastwood played particularly despicable characters in its time, but Everett could just take the cake.
He obtained my vote, at least, in part because "EV" is a jupouzant in a drunk affair which has many relationship problems, of which very few are with his wife (Diane Venora).
When his colleague from Oakland Tribune is in a nasty car wreck and dies, Everett must take over for a vital interview session.
The interview is with Frank Beacham (Isaiah Washington), an inmate of the death row who should die at midnight for the murder of a pregnant clerk of convenience store.
Eastwood crosses his forehead.
As Everett gradually finds information, he realizes that Beacham could very well be innocent.
He interviews a key witness (Michael throw), who claims that he burst in the door of pocum food because his car had overheated, only to see Beacham standing above the body of the dead woman, blood onHis suspenders, a pistol in hand.
But Everett protests: how could he have seen the pistol, which was lowered by his side, with the support of croustilles in front of him?
Throwing does not know what he is talking about.
Eastwood crosses his forehead.
Frove expressions and everything, Clint is the center of the energy of the real crime.
The film is in no way a standard action / suspense thread, but a thoughtful human story in which the characters arise before the shootings.
Isaiah Washington has a broken performance as Frank Beacham, and the scenes with him and his tired wife (Lisa Gay Hamilton) are really sincere moments.
But the best scenes are those that present Eastwood Duking with those in authority over him.
Denis Leary, as editor -in -chief of Everett and boss, has more than a few memorable moments of sober anger (you see, EV sleeps with his wife).
But hands down, the most pleasant segments of the film are when James Woods is in front of the camera.
Playing the big boss Alan Mann, Woods and Eastwood create fun chemistry and laughter punchlines.
When True Crime opts for a high -speed pursuit to the governor's house during the final, the quality of the film making takes a abrupt nose.
Eastwood was so successful with portraits of colorful characters that he did not need to change paths.
True Crime is an intriguing and intriguing drama showcase for the talented director and star.
It is a road roadblock that he could easily have rejected (I don't care).
 ...........................