Jamaica is a hot vacation place.
The exchange rate encourages wealth delusions (about 30 Jamaican dollars to an American), the sea is bright blue, the air is hot but lacks humidity.
And as tourism is unfortunately the largest trade in Jamaica, foreigners enter and leave with a feeling of relaxation.
Life and debt cast a copper look at life inside this poor country.
While normal documentaries adopt the approach of Sally Struthers of the underlying scenes of hungry children with music in tears, this film guides the spectator with a sarcastic voiceover that brings back problems without begging tears to tearsthe surface.
The voiceover is written by the author acclaimed Jamaica Kincaid.
He guides the public throughout the trip of a tourist and the history of the native inhabitants.
Instead of telling you what you already see on the screen, he quips: "You don't see what's going on after emptying the toilet."
This engages a spectator to see and think of devastation instead of simply saying that he is there.
This strong and sparse approach to narration takes place throughout the film.
Stephanie Black is also intelligent in the way she chooses to disclose the problems encountered by the inhabitants.
It is not only another speaking head show of people who groaned their horrible lot in life.
People are interviewed from all sectors of occupation, from field to factory, as well as social theorists and banking organizations who continue to invest in the country.
The variety of discussions perpetuates a convincing internal dialogue with any spectator, whether they see Jamaica for the first time or not.
Of course, as can be expected, the United States is criticized, due to its involvement with the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
Authorities seem scary because they explain why their plans for the Jamaica economy will help the country get back on their feet, but only if they are ready to follow the advice for word advice.
The following moment, we see why and how each of these initiatives failed, generally due to cheaper imports than local workforce or if the soil is appropriate or not for the next agricultural trend of the U.S. PROCE CITIZENS.
Admittedly, part of the round trips between organizations with a commercial spirit and the failures they produce become repetitive, but that also makes him the impact that ignorance can have on both sides of an international argument.
But Jamaica is not against the United States, and this documentary does not accuse the U.S.An the only author of his sorrow.
If anything, it requires a better understanding of the nature of Jamaican society before entering to change it according to foreign regulations.