Vampire Lore and Legend has always been a popular fantastic element, supported not only by the number of films on the subject, but also the proliferation of worships and sects of members.
And, unlike one of the most bizarre myths, the vampire has a probability of the real world (a study claims that 1,000 submarines exist in the world and places 50 in Los Angeles).
But for fear that the bad guys will be confused with the wicked of simple comics, John Carpenter would like to remind us that they are - and have always been - a really scary element of the thriller genre.
And remind us that he does it in his latest film, vampires.
There was a question, as the Halloween weekend approaches, how vampires would be compared to the extremely successful blade of New Line Cinema, published in August.
The two films take substantially different stands on the problem of vampires and do not even agree on certain basic points of the murder method.
 (For example, Blade's main weapons are money and garlic, while Jack Crow technique of the main character is a wooden stake for the heart.)
Blade also gives more face to the civilization of vampires, while Carpenter would like us to stay in ignorance on the functioning of pasties.
The two have their advantages, and here, Carpenter's style lends itself to a darker suspense race rather than action film than the director of Blade, Stephen Norrington, spent.
When everything is said and made, however, the vampires kill and always die with bloody development; the level of gore is indeed set to the maximum.
This time, our hero is the killer sponsored by the Vatican Jack Crow (James Woods).
He is a cynical and combat veteran, and the best of his group.
He and his team are responsible for cleaning from the American southwest, and after having exterminated a nest one night, they come up against a super-vampire (called "master") named Valek (Thomas Ian Griffith).
Valek kills the whole Jack team, with the exception of his partner, Tony Montoya (Daniel Baldwin), and as a grouping, they learn that Valek is the original vampire - now more than six hundred years.
Apparently, Valek and his servants are sweeping the Southwest for decades in search of a cross that will allow them to walk during the day.
Thus, using a priest named Adam (Tim Guinee) and a little whore (Sheryl Lee) as bait, they find Valek for the final confrontation.
The vampire script, written by Don Jakoby and based on John Steakley's novel, is perhaps the most spiritual scenario to see production all year round.
Crow, in particular, is a fun source of liners, and Woods does each of them with perfect stoicism.
Baldwin, Lee and Guinee are all good supports, adding to the pool of characters, but the other real culmination of the film is the villain of Thomas Ian Griffith.
Griffith's intense expression is perfect for the role, and the only drawback is that he must speak one day.
Fortunately, he has a few lines and manages to achieve a rather exciting performance.
All this said, the fans will surely be impressed by this photo, and those who have found a student a little soft will be excited by it.
Certainly an interesting visit to theaters.