"A Bug's Life" may not be "Toy Story", but it's closer that "Antz".
I really liked "Antz", fundamentally because, yes, it is intelligent and full of mind and intelligent (and he has the temerity of trying your luck and putting Woody Allen in mind, perhaps the castingMore inspired by the year), but there was, in doing, something he misses, and I am the first to admit it.
It may be that it never completely lets go and gets away in a real innocent pleasure - it is too obsessed with its Orwellian message to become completely engaging, and if it was not Woody Allen, thatwould have been just a really intelligent good time. Grand film.
 "A Bug's Life" has a similar premise, and he also has Disney to make sure he is listed in G and not totally on the heads of children like "Antz" (not a bad thing, believe me), butWhat he also has a tone which is completely innocent even when he also remains perpetually intelligent.
 "Antz" is always the most full -minded film, and I love it, and "A Bug's Life" is more for general consumption, but it is also more entertaining.
He widens his horizons, and when he really leaves the colony of ants, he really shows us a brand new world that we have never seen before, and it is much better than that of "Antz".
It is also light and intelligent.
The visuals are, instead of earth tones, vivid worldly colors, and always gives the incredible visual technology of "Antz" at least a worthy competitor.
The characters are also well done - although edulorized for wide consumption, they always wear more spirit than Disney contemporary animated films.
The main character, Flik (expressed by Dave Foley), is nothing more than a neurotic Z slightly less "antz", but Foley makes him almost as engaging as the fact of Gene Hackman playing the bad guy, we get the much more threatening Kevin Spacey as the main grasshopper, the beautifully title hopper.
And for the romantic example, we do not get Spacey Sharon Stone, but intelligent and difficult to obtain Julia-Louis Dreyfuss, who does not even come before very final executives.
Not that the intrigue is really better than that of "Antz" - it is essentially yet another Redux of "The Seven Samurai", with a colony of ants under the control of giant grasshoppers forcing them to produce a product for themor.
When Flik, an inventor of Fide Bone, creates a time of conservation of time that accidentally destroys the gift of the season, he puts them all at risk and is returned so that he does not do anything with the pretension that he is looking for'Help to fight the grasshoppers.
He comes up against a group of "warrirors" who, without his knowledge, a group of carnival bugs, and they agree to help under similar pretexts.
These insects are an equally wonderful assortment to everything in "Toy Story": Foppish Walking Stick Slim (David Hyde-Pierce), the German caterpillar Heimlich (Joe Ranft), the male coccine of rapid temperature and unsafe Francis (Denis Leary), the pretentious and alleged prayer round (Jonathan Harris), his Assistant Hypsy butterfly (Madeline Kahn), Spider Rosie (Bonnie Hunt), and two chips, Tuck and Roll (Michael Mcshane), who speak in an undesirable jibberish.
The writers slightly approach the place of each bug in the Bogues society and its malleability while making scenarios to everything they can, and blowing the public with wild visual treats.
Skills jump in unison seem to be a threatening earthquake.
A small bird becomes a disturbing mortal threat, whose cry is used to crying is a cry of death.
The Bug City is a modern metropolis, with fireflies trying traffic lights and a fly sitting on the sidewalk, holding a cup, with a sign next to him who says that "Kid has torn his wings".
And a rain storm is like a giant flood, each drop acting like a small bomb fallen to millions of miles per hour.
Around that, the The leaders of Pixar stage several large sets, such as a half-chemin resolution mission which is as wild and entertaining as anything this year, and a wonderfully exciting play at the end, a scene of prosecutionThe night through the labyrinky branches of a small thicket.
Meanwhile, each character gets the spotlight to be completely idisyncratic and interesting, something "Antz" could not do, and at the end, above the end credits, "a bug's life" fits his punchFinal, "Antz" intelligent "Antz" with a series of hilarious incessant false-Bloo-Bloo-Bloo who come at the right time, when those who leave immediately after the last frame of a film left, and you can boast that youWas one of the elites who remained and have been full of money.
However, this is not a "toys story".
This film, perhaps above any animated film that I have ever seen, almost encompassed the almost true perfection in history, the character and the spirit.
He proved that he did not need to boast of his advanced technology to really skyrocket (it is the least visually visually striking of the three computer animated films so far, but is always the mostSatisfactory), and has created a perfect world of innocent ànoisir idiosyncratic delights.
However, "A Bug's Life", as well as "Antz", are always incredible films and undoubtedly prove that if you are going to make an computer animated film, send it to the guys who created these three films, Evne S'They "I don't work under the same roof.