Seen on April 16, 1999 at 10 h. At Crosgates Cinema 18 (Guilderland, n. Y
[Theater note: * * 1/2: very good seats, sound and image]
Do you realize that whenever you meet a new person, have you just been part of a story?
Everyone has their own life story, past and present, and each time two or more interact, they are part of everyone's history (not necessarily an important or even important part, but a part nevertheless).
This seems to be the basic theory behind "Go", where the fortuitous encounters of several characters are all displayed in an extreme way.
In order to test this theory, the screenwriter John August and the director Doug Liman assemble a distribution of characters who would generally not be the types so that a whole film revolves around them, like a teenager from Supermarket, a bottom of theDrug-cawad-chain and two soap opera in difficulty.
These types of characters might not seem so original, but consider that they will all be made in a way by a stretch club bouncer and his psychotic father, a trafficker of intermediate level, a narca obsessed with guestsFrom marriage to several levels and excited, a Zen love, two shrimp deviations and a pretty normal teenager to complete things.
How they will all meet is the process with which the film deals with.
I imagine that the concept of the film began while the creators testing themselves to see if they could really realize it and that the result is a formidable achievement of the cinema and crafts of fiction in general.
The film begins like something else, with little indication of what will happen.
We meet Ronna (Polley), a girl with the depressed checkout of Los Angeles who does not seem to have much desire to do something other than working just to pay her rent.
It is not very charming, especially for its customers, but this is mainly played for laughter rather than for characterization and it works.
It is perhaps because she is not a very affereminitis character, but she is far from masculine - a creative character indeed.
Things are starting to progress when Ronna reluctantly agrees to take the hours of Emper, hyperactive, but sympathetic (Askew), an English teenager for experiences.
This agreement begins a three-component scenario because it allows Simon to go to Las Vegas for the weekend with his friends and in turn trains Ronna and his friends to buy and sell an experimental medication.
whose process will not only lead to Ronna of arrest but also to death.
Almost the same can be said for two other characters, Zack (MOHR) and Adam (Wolf), to whom we do not think much when they appear for the first time as supporting characters, but will later become the major actors ofMakeup of the film - Another process useful by filmmakers to develop the theory of the importance of insignificant interaction.
Once the pace has been picked up, the film is really starting to show its courage.
When the title screen "Ronna" is flashed shortly after the aforementioned rotating scene, it is clear that this film will not use the standard narrative linear method.
Given the quality of it, it is a change of pace long expected necessary in the films today.
And so the film begins to take shape, first by following Ronna and her friends in an adventure of a night which begins with a drug trafficking encouraged by Zack and Adam (who actually was looking for Simon), which is not happeningNot exactly as expected, but that's what keeps it all that interesting.
The second scenario begins at the same time as Ronna's story, but this time, the camera chooses to follow Simon instead.
Simon and his three friends head towards? Vegas for a night in town and, in doing so, the experience of things that they would never have imagined.
The third arc, on Zack and Adam, overlap once again the story of Ronna telling a large part of the same story but of a com Very different angle.
We were shown that the things we never expected were in progress by following Ronna.
And many of the events arriving in Ronna because of Zack and Adam are not even their fault - they were just where they were when they were.
I would really like to dissect each of the three scenarios and especially how the film ends at the end, but it would take too much time and space and everything would spoil for those who have not seen the film.
Perhaps the biggest element in the film is its constant surprises and its unpredictability, and not because of twists and turns or a confusing script, just thanks to a large cinema.
However, I can list and analyze almost all that the film does so well:
 ? Direction: Trying to reconstruct such a complex story is not an easy task and for a recruited filmmaker like Liman, it is a great accomplishment.
It does not only represent a story, it envelops us in all of this, pulling us into the fray so that we experience all the ups and downs.
 ? Scenario: in addition to being chiseled with details and creative in general, it is clear that the script has been inspired by many sources, with both obvious and subtle references, but it never cries out of "scam.'
 ? Tone / mood: where other Hollywood films have failed to bring the charm of the independents in the dominant current, he is able to create his own sense of macabre.
It is not too dark or twisted and the comedy is not so satirical so that it is considered a black comedy, more like "Macabre Light. '
 ? Cinematography / Artistic direction: capable of photographing the intense and the light in the same way.
 ? Characterization: for almost all the characters introduced, whatever the role they play overall, we can have an idea of who they are, what they think and the way they have become in theirsituation.
Even when their actions are surprising, it never seems very synchronized.
 ? Performances: each actor nails his role (see above).
 ? Theme / Theory: The film does not seem to worry about transmitting any type of political or social messages, but it is rather a philosophical experience.
In fact, it might not want to do it intentionally, but there is certainly something existential for everything.
 ... and think that "Go" is only a big comedy and adventure!
 (23/04/99) [See also: "The Big Lebowski", "Clerks", `Jackie Brown", "Pulp Fiction", `Romance True;" Also by Liman: "Swingers"]