Land: a young recruit is torn off by nowhere by the number one gangster in London and quickly becomes a staple food alongside it.
But this new guy is not like all the others, he has the ambition, he has goals and he loves everything he sees about the first gangster.
Violence, many swears and betrayals ensue.
Critality: a very good British gangster film with a serious and unique spirit that lacks the "big" mark by an agractic voiceover which appears throughout the film and an end.
Here is another cool criminal film which actually manages to bring something new to the mixture.
Okay, so it's not entirely new, but it's definitely original when all assembled as done here.
What I liked the most in this film is its authentic representation of the period during which it took place.
We are in 1968 and these guys look good!
Yes, everything revolves around the costumes, the guys ... the
Italian shoes, cufflinks, links and birds (that is to say ladies, for those who are not initiated) that drag around you.
Here are a bunch of horrible men, gangsters if you want, living, talking about shit and heads that break everywhere.
But this is not the basis of this film.
The basis of this film comes in the relationship between the number one gangster in the group, the excellent David Thewlis, and one of his friends, Paul Bettany, also extremely good in this film, and how power, sex-Appeal and the freshness from one, affects the other.
Do you know how there are always these types of gangster "Hanger-on" which cling to the sponsors, the leaders, the best dogs of each criminal organization?
Well, most of the time, these guys are projected in advance and are faithful to one person ... that
Is their boss.
Thus, all that the number one gangster must be concerned is his enemies on the other side of the fence.
But this film brings betrayals, loyalty in disorder, the codes of honor among the bad guys at stake within the same group and presents it in the completely stylistic package.
Of course, the director Paul McGuigan does not try to be Guy Ritchie here, and did not attack his presentation, did not quite flourish with a hip soundtrack or D'Add humor to the mixture.
No, it goes directly for serious things and develops at least two particular scenes which are always anchored in my mind while I type this.
The first is a sequence of confrontation between Bettany and a man of which he tries to influence certain information and it is downright nasty!
 ( " Look me in the eyes ! " )
In fact, the last time I saw a guy so frightened in a film was John Turturro in this forest scene of Miller's crossing of Coen Brothers.
Scary Shite.
But there is a scene always better than that of this film.
This one presents Betany, once again, torturing slowly, hacking and beating the living piss of a rival gangster (from this man's point of view), but not before turning a small picturesque piece in the background andRemove all of his sneakage from expensive clothes, one by one (it's true, he "makes" the guy in his underwear).
This scene is also in line with some of the obvious phallic and homoerotic shades present throughout this film, in particular in the relationship between Bettany and his boss (why is he so upset when he falls in love with this woman?).
But the film is not perfect.
In fact, that did not bother me the narration of the voiceover of Malcolm McDowell at the beginning, but as the film became a major flashback (most of the film is presented as such), it came from time to time,And has rarely added anything in interest for the plot.
Everything it seemed to do was swear and call people the wave of C-Word, and even described a scene as it happened ("... so
I opened the door, then I set up the elevator, etc .... "-It is
Like, yes, I already know, I could see it on the screen !!
exaggerated.).
I did not "bought" the end of the film either, Wh Ich despite his original, seemed a little incredible, especially when we consider that he is supposed to take place 30 years later, and people always seem to have grudges, always in love, always living in the same apartments ??!?
I mean, go ... it's 30 years, guy !!
I don't know, it didn't work for me very well.
But one of my favorite genres has always been the films of the crime, and it is a decent addition to the lot.
Forget the lame title and the narration of Malcolm McDowell on the points of the obvious plot and focus on the strongest attributes of the film such as its style, the exquisite atmosphere of the period, its original look at the dynamics of theGangster within the same group, its memorable sequences and the solid performance of its two main tracks, Betany and Thewlis.
By the way, unlike some of the gangster films that I mention below, it is in no way a parody or a tribute to this kind of films ... This is the real business!
Note: This film is filled with strong accents all around, which makes it difficult to distinguish some from the words from time to time.
It is also quite violent and I do not remember a film that used the word C as much as this one, so leave the children at home for this one ...
 ;)
Where does Joblo come from?
American Psycho (10/10) - A Clockwork Orange (9/10) - Donnie Brasco (8/10) - Fight Club (10/10) - Get Carter (7/10) - Godfather (10/10) - Godfather II(10/10) - Goodfellas (10/10) - Locking, stock and two smoking barrels (8/10) - Fiction à paste (8/10) - Tank dogs (9/10)