From time to time, a film arrives which completely redefines the genre: with dramas, it was Citizen Kane, with Arthouse, it was Pulp Fiction, and with comedy, it was, well, this guy from Jim Carrey(Okay, so it's not a film, but he had a huge influence on gender.
Not to mention an expensive.)
Sometimes a film even combines them all in a big sprawling cinematographic event, just like Forrest Gump four years ago.
With action films, extraterrestrials, which have been released to a lot of media threshing seven years after his just as innovative parent, Alien (1979).
Directed and written by James Cameron (T2: Judgment Day, The Abyss, True Lies), Authority on action films, was a masterful reminder of his science fiction thriller The Terminator (1984).
While the original extraterrestrial film was a dark and closed horror film that featured a stranger slowly massacing a horrified team, James Cameron took the action film with big budget with extraterrestrials, which featured several foreigners makingEssentially the same thing, although on a very uglychelle.
And my boy, he took this road!
I would say about 165 mph about 165 ...
The film opens 57 years after the original, with LT.RIPLEY (TISSERAND) found in its ship in a cryogenic state by a rescue ship.
If you will remember it, at the end of Alien Ripley, the only surviving member, she "hibernated" cryogenically after having expelled the stranger's stranger from her ship.
Unfortunately, she thought she would only be absent for a few weeks ...
Once she returned to earth, Ripley is quickly questioned by "The Company", which quickly rejects it as well as its stories as a madness.
In truth, they believe it because they quickly approach Ripley with an offer to travel with navies in a new planet of colony as "foreign advisor".
It seems that the Colony Planet was a reproduction ground formerly for foreign foreigners, and now all communication with the planet has been lost ...
You don't need exactly a genius to guess what will happen next: Ripley agrees, and before being able to say "Big Erry", she and the half-dozen marines, plus the guy of the company (Reiser), which has more than they look like its sleeve is in the colony.
Upon arrival, they find the planet in ruins.
A single survivor is found, a little girl, Newt, who confirms that, yes, the extraterrestrials were there and that she managed to survive only hidden in the ventilation system.
And early enough, the Marines are attacked extraterrestrials ...
What is happening for the next hour and a half is what completely distinguishes this film from any other standard extraterrestrial science fiction film: action scenes.
Cameron directs them so skillfully, and so suspense, that you literally sound hands when the final takes place.
Which presents, in my opinion, the best combat scene ever recorded on the film, while Ripley focuses on a huge robot and fights the nasty extraterrestrial queen to death.
Many people will tell you that this film, while being a great action film, has no real drama and are all pictures.
Well, they would be wrong, my friends.
If this film had no "drama", then why was Sigourney Weaver nominated for the best actress at the 1987 Academy Awards?
It's true, better actress.
You know that any action film that has an nodal nomination attached to it for something other than technical stuff like edition and F / X must be good.
In short, the extraterrestrials combines all the right elements (great action and f / x, drama, good intrigue, good dialogue and big bad guys) in what could undoubtedly be called the best action film of all time.
Again, maybe not.
The films go up and fall from glory and, sad to say, extraterrestrials were struggled in his throne of the best action film by another film by Cameron, T2: Judgment Day, in 1991.
So who will be the next king?
Well, let's wait on December 19 and see another film James Cameron - the most budgetary film of all time Anic to make this decision.
I'm eager to.