Notice: This is a review and an analysis of exotica.
The first part of this play is the review, the second part contains an analysis of the film which could be interpreted as spoilers.
If you have not seen the film and after reading the first part, you intend to do so, save the second part for the discussion afterwards.
Putting: Bruce Greenwood, Mia Kirshner, Elias Kosteas, Don McKellar, Arsinee Khanijian, Sarah Polley Director: Atom Egoyan Scenario: Atom Egoyan
Exotica is a film that develops on retrospection.
Exotica makes the spectator guess on the relationship between the different characters in the film.
All people know each other, but other than that, there seems to be no other reason to select such a set and follow them in this fictitious account.
The director suggests possible solutions, using a multi-line intrigue, so popular with criticism in Mystery Train, and used for good profit by Quentin Tarantino in Pulp Fiction.
Exotica reaches a whole new dimension using this technique.
At the end, it is surprising to see how the puzzle pieces adapt, despite their apparent relevance and even the misleading characteristics.
The technique of the outside chronology has always become so popular, perhaps even rigor, for biographical films.
Likewise, we can now expect more movies in the future that will use, to a variable extent, converging the multiplottes.
At first glance, once the multi-intrigue puzzle of Exotica is resolved, it seems that there is no longer to look at.
But the insightful minds that take the time to dig more will be rewarded by interesting opinions on life or rather, comments on the views of life.
Exotica is really worth seeing.
He opened up to praise of Critical worldwide (I saw him for the first time in Mexico City last December).
In Canada, he broke records for a film like that, which prompted the American distributor to make a wide release.
Apart from a strong plot, the game is very convincing and the soundtrack seems to have been made for the film.
The crowd of entertainment nourished in the spoon may not appreciate this film, and therefore it could last little on the screen.
But if you want to try a film a cup above the crowd, with an originality which is still as rare, see Exotica.
Analysis ( * * spoilers * * to come)
What is behind the complex intrigue in Exotica?
First of all, a common theme of the quest for gratuity by monetary means.
The lonely tax auditor, the owner of homosexual of repressed pets, the pregnant woman who manages the nightclub, the rich man who has the renovated club, the cinema audience, all use personal wealth to buyA palliative relief for the Laâme criminals ....
Then, we have the quest for gratuity by visual means by most of the same people, including those who are sitting to watch exotica ....
In this regard, Exotica represents spectators in a nightclub, for the rich man who looks through money mirrors, and poor people who look at the people of others live through a silver screen.
Exotica also means unwanted attention from the company on the lives of other people, such as the tax auditor and the owner of the pet store.
Exotica is the customer agent who looks at the owner of the pet animal, who in turn looks at the heart of the problems between the band dancer and the tax auditor through the detached eye of a gay person (no attraction forthe band dancer), and only to avoid prison (no personal relationship with the tax auditor).
In Exotica, everyone looks, and what is worse, everyone knows.
Second, Exotica speaks of isolated people who hold their feelings; on people who, by voluntary or involuntary means, transfer their vision of reality to other characters.
The band dancer becomes the proverbial girl, the DJ becomes the proverbial killer by breaking the relationship between the father and the proverbial daughter.
The niece becomes the baby sitt Uh, the baby-sitter becomes the dancer, and the dancer becomes the proverbial girl.
The owner of the company animal becomes the proverbial DJ, finding the proverbial girl.
A chain made of real and imaginary links that take place in a loop, just as everything arrives at an appropriate set at the end of the film.