We, people of the critical type, always shake their heads and tell everyone that films are not sensations walks, but I think that "Back to the future II" is one of the few exceptions.
If the original film had the spirit of the 1950s, then it has the minds of the 80s: full of fighting; hunting scenes; cliff hangers; special effects; a detective work; and of course the vision of thefuture of high technology.
The film resumes exactly where the first film stopped, with Doc (Lloyd), Marty (Fox) and Jennifer (Elizabeth Shue) traveling 30 years in the future, because something bad will happen to the children of Marty and Jennifer.
Doc tells Marty that he must take the place of his son during an incident which will cause a chain reaction if Marty McFly Jr.Dit yes to Griff (Wilson - in one of the four different roles).
The one who said that history tends to repeat itself was not joking, especially with regard to films.
Essentially, the same hunting scene that Marty endured in the 1950s takes place again in 2015, but it is not as authentically exciting this time because it is so obviously a parody of himself.
At the end of the situation, Marty changed the course of history for the best, and it seems that everything is copasey, right?
fake .
Since when have things happened as planned in the "Back to the Future" movies?
There are so many conflicts and minor details that affect the intrigue and the direction of history that I do not even bother to list them.
Basically, we see Marty as an old man, his house, his family, etc. We are also going back to another 1985, then return to 1955, with everything that happens so quickly that the film never stops to resume thebreath.
The best aspect of the films is the fact that it goes back to the first film and shows a large part of the action that occurred from another angle.
It is difficult to transmit the feeling of wild and wacky pleasure without describing every small detail.
The only thing sacrificed in this film is the suspense.
Instead of a grand finale, we get a lot of small victories.
At the end, everything is back to normal, but something happens that leads to another suite, but that does not seem free.
 "Back to the future part II" is a very great adventure film.
He certainly has more originality than other films, but a certain charm is missing that has been dominated in all his predecessor.