In Tim Burton's "Sleepy Hollow", there is a mysterious headless rider who beheads residents of the small town of the same name.
He sets up a beautiful black courier and wears an imposing sword that caute the injury of his victims with an immediate blow.
Burton's update on the classic tale of Washington Irving from "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" offers us the mystery of the rider, while the scenario should have been satisfied with the aspect of horror.
The writer Andrew Kevin Walker (`` seven '') perhaps throws a dosage of Sherlock Holmes, but the visual treatment of the film is absolutely flew, because Burton offers misty places and detailed costumes which are magnificent and stirring to examine.
While "Sleepy Hollow" opens, we are welcomed with a juicy cameo by Martin Landau, who won an Oscar in Burton's "Ed Wood".
Landau plays an eminent citizen of Sleepy Hollow, who, during a fateful walk through the forest, is beheaded by an invisible rider.
After two other murders haunt residents of the picturesque small town, the gendarme Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is sent to investigate.
The owner Baltus Von Tassel (Michael Gambon) explains to Crane that the heads were cut off from the carcass and mysteriously taken in each separate case, and that they believe that the murderer is a dead Hesse soldier (played briefly by a Christopher Walkenwonderfully discordant) which) who is resurrected from the grave after being beheaded in Western woods.
Crane is not a man of great superstition, and is determined to eliminate the human culprit with his assortment of gadgets and gadgets (things that I was not surprised to find in a Tim Burton film).
First and foremost, "Sleepy Hollow" is a fun horror film.
As with practically all Burton's films, we were treated to a wonderful partition of the composer Danny Elfman, who again paid excitement and imagination in an atmospheric soundtrack which perfectly accentuates the Gothic atmosphere.
The rider F / X is elegant and impressive, especially in perfectly mixed battle sequences involving real actors.
But why did I appreciate "Sleepy Hollow" as much as I do?
Although pleasant, it is not the many beheadings and the abundant gore that sprang on the left and right.
It was the light comic touch that Burton applied.
The film has the sweetness of a candy apple, generally channeled through Depp's wonderful performance as a adorable geek Ichabod Crane, who is no longer a school teacher with sweet manners but who always reaches his cowardly qualities.
It is certainly not the only alteration that has been brought.
As the film progresses, it becomes obvious that Walker is more concerned with the mystery of the murders than the murders themselves.
The momentum is considerably slowed down once Crane begins to assemble the mystery, because for the public, it is not a problem that we want to solve.
It is more effective than the headless rider is an elusive demon than an elusive demon with a ulterior motive.
However, we are always captivated by the breathtaking technical details and the lively eye of Burton to capture our attention.
The costume is exceptional, and the dialogue is clear and effective throughout (it is recognizable that the script has been refined by the award -winning playwright Tom Stoppard).
The support cast has more color and play than many.
A blonde Christina Ricci is in good shape as a daughter of Von Tassel, Katrina, and an improbable romance between her and Ichabod is surprisingly coherent.
Walken, Michael Gough (who appeared in Burton's "Batman" films) and Miranda Richardson are all pleasant to fight against their separate roles.
I suppose that the forces behind "Sleepy Hollow" are in the central trio: the director Burton, the gendarme Depp and the headless rider who hunts him with ruthless precision.
All this should not be taken seriously, of course.
"Sleepy Hollow" is a sumptuous and scary ND very fun to rework with a classic story that many people cherish when he was a child.
If you have a decent head on your shoulders, you will have a good sense to gallop in the theater and enjoy it one last time.