You Got Mail is a timely romance for this impersonal decade and computer -oriented.
Two people who never met confided in email without revealing their true identity.
The contemporary update of Nora Ephron of the store at the corner of the street retains the basic intrigue: two people who unintentionally despise themselves become revolved with each other thanks to their anonymous correspondence.
Ephron, who co-wrote the film with her sister, Delia, as well as the one who directed her, knew what she was doing by handing Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan as an At-Odds couple.
Ryan is Kathleen Kelly, owner of a small children's bookstore, while Hanks is Joe Fox, who runs a mega bookstore chain (think of Barnes & Noble).
Their charm and chemistry are the glue that links this film, even through certain difficult points of the script.
For the Ephrons, invested so much effort in their protagonists that they give a short washing to the talented support distribution, in particular Parker Posey, Greg Kinnear, Jean Stapleton and Steve Zahn.
However, nobody will really complain because the Ephrons know their audience - and what the paying public wants Hanks and Ryan.
And both are busy.
Both, the other or both are in almost all stage.
Hanks has his decent guy routine, but each time he does, it seems effortless, spontaneous and fresh.
Ryan moves gently between Spunky and Vulnerable, with a sexy touch of victory added to the drink.
Their scenes together sparkle, even if they do not have the nostalgic romanticism from Sleepless to Seattle.
And the shadow of this previous blow is suspended, you have mail like Gui.
The sparks created by the previous film are, out of necessity, not obvious here.
Admittedly, these are two people looking for true love, but you have the mail is more comical and less poignant than its predecessor.
The Ephrons script is full of mind and clear.
However, as a director, Nora Ephron is a bit uneven.
Some scenes drag, while others, especially when Hanks and Ryan reveal their soul by e-mail, are clear and tidy.
In addition, the script becomes sloppy towards the end with characters that simply disappear from history.
A beautiful romantic soundtrack adds to this night special.
Overall, you have a letter is a lush and cute outing, taking advantage of the attraction of its two tracks.
It's a nice vacation film, one to hold your hand and snuggle up.
engaged in lifelong learning thanks to effective communication