I have never been a member of the Robin Williams fan club.
A little of his improvisation SCUCK is going very far, and I sometimes feel like looking at a 40 -year -old class clown.
In his films, Williams has often tried to balance his mania with a delicate emotion, leading to extremely uneven performance.
Mrs .
Doubtfire seemed ready for the same problems, but it turns out to be the best Williams comic strip project.
Although it always contains a characteristic self-comprehensive, MRS.
Doubtfire is nevertheless a engaging comedy of the belly served with great energy.
Williams plays Daniel Hillard, an artist of cartoons of cartoon with a penchant for irresponsible behavior.
One of these incidents proves too much for his wife Miranda (Sally Field), and she put a divorce.
Unemployed, living in a disastrously neglected apartment confronted with a limited time with his three beloved children, Daniel decides to respond to Miranda's announcement for an afternoon cleaning lady.
He turns to his brother Frank (Harvey Prierstein), a theatrical make -up artist, and appears as Euphegenia Doubtfire, an Englishman of 65 -year -old.
Daniel uses his access to the house to keep an eye on Miranda's flirt with a rich client (Pierce Brosnan), to spend time with children, and to learn something about responsible parenting, while trying to keep his identityHidden from people who know him best.
Mrs. Doubtfire must overcome a mountain of implausibilities at work, and fundamentally, he does.
The most crucial is that no one in the family recognizes Daniel, and thanks to the fantastic special makeup which is instantly credible.
This is perhaps one of the most convincing transformations ever engaged in the cinema, making Dorothy Michaels of Dustin Hoffman look like Dorothy Michaels at Milton Berle.
More problematic was a series of calls that Daniel made to Miranda posing as nannies of hell; it is a little difficult to swallow that she does not recognize any of the voices like that of her husband.
Perhaps the biggest artifice that we asked to swallow is that Daniel could make a quick change in MRS. Doubtfire in a few minutes.
There is more realistic makeup than slap on a latex mask.
Fortunately, these are inconsistencies that only draw attention when credits roll.
During the film, I was generally too busy laughing.
After taking a slow start involving too many Williams riffs, Mrs..
Doubtfire embarks on the upper speed once the wig and the pads are in place.
Daniel's frenzied attempt to deceive a justice officer is wonderful, just like the culminating restaurant sequence, even if I saw the resolutions flowing to a mile.
Obviously, most of the credit for the success of Doubtfire goes to Robin Williams.
We had to drag him, but for once, he plays a comic book character who is not only Robin Williams with a different name.
He completely lives in the Euphégenia Doubtfire, and seems to savor the scenes in which he can play it as a forehead and gross.
Wisely, he never targets saint.
His answers to the intrusion of the new pretender Sta are often mean, but the kind of thing that most of us could do with the benefit of anonymity.
It is one of Mme.
The charms of Doubtfire that neither Daniel nor Miranda are perfect, just people who try to be better.
As Miranda, Sally Field is solid in a substantive role, and Pierce Brosnan is very discreet as a Stu.
Children are also good, although Mara Wilson is almost oppressive and the youngest.
Support players simply withdraw and allow Williams to do their thing.
It is easy to see Mme.
The fire of doubt is a little more than Tootsie heated, and it is true that there are both large themes and specific details in common.
But Mrs..
Doubtfire manages to cut his own space, in particular through the surprisingly honest moments involving the decision of a judge and the ultimate status of the relationship of Daniel and Miranda.
There is nothing Dazzlingly New in Mrs.
Doubtfire, but there are a lot of laughter, and the good comedies are always rare.
And it's nice to see Robin Williams just for a change.