Towards the end of Frank Capra's festival classic, it's a wonderful life, George Bailey (Jimmy Stewart) feels depressed.
He devoted his life to others and never realized his dream of leaving his small town in Supprebur, Bedford Falls.
Standing on a bridge over stormy waters, he looks at the eyes, contemplating suicide.
He has a potential he has not achieved - he has done so much for others.
As a young guy, his ambition was to leave his hometown of Bedford Falls.
But times and ambitions change.
Things happen and it is stuck.
His guardian angel is there and shows it ... it is
A wonderful life.
In a swirling tour of the city, George sees what life would look like without him.
He learns moral lesson, that living is a gift.
His earthly problems are solved.
The climate scene is a wonder.
Frank Capra's film is a centenary classic - watched and remembered by each generation.
The wonderful life is one of the few photos of times that seem so fresh, perhaps cooler, then it did it during its first outing.
Many films from the 1930s in the 1970s have aged badly.
But this is an almost impeccable example of how a perfect script and timing can dress with a first-rate game, the spirit and the suspense, glorious music and wonderful peesses.
The only scenes even slightly dated are those of the beginning in which God has a long conversation with Clarence, the guardian angel of George.
They are not so bad, but they remain cheesy and a little moved.
Nevertheless, it is a film that deserves its place in time, the history of cinema and our hearts.
It can also be appreciated by anyone of any age.
Here is a real masterpeece, a classic that reaches heights and ambitions near perfection.
This good crackling mixture results in a film which is both funny, exciting, moving and edifying.
The film itself is almost a reversal of the life of George Bailey - there is not too much, but Capra and the gang (various screenwriters, composers, actors) plumes the material to its full potential.
The result is a film - but not in the foreground to be pigeons like a vacation film - which will always remain memories, celebrated and loved.