Not having seen, "who has supervised Roger Rabbit" for over 10 years, and not remembering much except that I loved him then, I decided to rent it recently.
Looking at it, I was struck by how brilliant a film is.
Aside from the fact that this is an important step in animation in films (this is the first film to combine with real actors and cartoons, to make them interact and make it convincing) and great entertainment, it is also a fairly effective comedy / mystery.
Although the intrigue is somewhat familiar, the characters are original, especially Bébé Herman, and watching them together is very fun.
The story begins in Hollywood in 1947.
The star of the comic strip Roger Rabbit blows and has trouble keeping his mind on work, so the private detective at the hull, Eddie Valiant (Bob Hoskins), is called by Studio Head R.K.
Maroon (Alan Tilvern) to try to help bring Roger's mind back to work.
Maroon thinks that Roger's wife, that of Jessica, a possible infidelity to him could be the cause of distraction and tells Eddie to obtain photos of her in the act before it costs him more moneyIn recovery.
Valiant takes some photos of Jessica playing, `` Patty Cake '' with Marvin Acme (Stubby Kaye), the owner of Toontown (where all the cartoons live) and take them to Maroon.
Seeing them, Roger is emotionally destroyed and shortly after Acme is found dead and Roger Rabbit is the first suspect.
The rest of the film follows Valiant and Roger as they run in town (and finally in Toontown) trying to clear Roger's right name.
Along the way, they meet judge Doom (Christopher Lloyd) a type of judge-judge and executioner who came out to get Roger and discovered the one and only means of killing a `Toon. '
`` Who Framed Roger Rabbit 'won 4 Oscars, including a special realization prize for Richard Williams for the management of animation and the creation of cartoons (Williams and his teams crossed the film Frame by frame andHand attracted cartoons from cartoons).
Director Robert Zemekis must receive an equal number of praise to supervise all production, which included hundreds of animators.
Bob Hoskins' performance should also be credited.
In addition to the rest of the human distribution, finds the good note to play in all the scenes with its cartoon co-stars.
According to the internet film database, Hoskins studied her young daughter to learn to act with imaginary characters and I suppose that her hard work has borne fruit.
"Who Framed Roger Rabbit" is a rare film.
Whoever has not only presented a great challenge to filmmakers, but the one who can be appreciated by the whole family (although very young viewers can be a little frightened by judge Doom).
Make yourself a favor and rent it, `p-p-p."