Few films in 1999 divided the critical consensus as strongly as the adaptation by Alan Parker of the Memoirs of Frank McCourt Angela Ashes.
Many have rejected him as a version without humor, sentimental and without interest of the extremely popular novel; others have greeted him as a sincere and sincere portrait of the human spirit.
I am somewhere between the two, leaning heavily towards the latter.
It is certainly well done and it never becomes tedious as if certain literary adaptations tend to be.
But I have the feeling that Parker filled the film with pseudo-lyrical photo of rain falling in the simple streets of Ireland just so that he can have the two-hour and a half race time "I am important!""
McCourt's book of the same name concerned him and his family who moved from the United States to Ireland in the early 1900s, an era when most people were desperately tried to enter the United States.
As he comments, "we were the only Irishfolk to say goodbye to the statue of freedom".
In Ireland, Frank (played by Joe Breen as a child), his 3 brothers, her mother Angela (Emily Watson) and her father Malachy (Robert Carlyle) obtain the financial aid of Angela's mother, a stereotypical CatholicStrict that reprimands her daughter to be able to an Irishman from the North.
She helps them get an apartment infested with rats and Malachy is looking for a job.
The positions are rare and when he finally finds one, he is unable to hang on to it because of his penchant to drink.
Meanwhile, Frank goes to a tense Catholic school, where instructors beat students with hardwooding objects as often as their hearts wishes.
Two of Frank's brothers soon die, paralyzed by terrible living conditions and malnutrition.
As if poverty and suffering were not intense enough as it was held, Malachy and Angela have another baby, further aggravating the situation.
I imagine that it does not look like an intrigue.
It is probably because it is not one.
They are people.
It's their story.
Director Alan Parker (commitments) knows how to tell a good story and Angela's ashes, despite her tireless literary tone remains interesting.
Although the film sometimes gives itself too much in its darkly picturesque Irish setting, it avoids looking like a glorified travel story.
The competent management of Parker is the engaging and often poignant performance of the tracks, some of which have seasoned spies, other relative beginners.
Carlyle, the charismatic British actor who showed an astonishing range by jumping out of the head in a tailoring slapstick comedy in the villain in a James Bond film and now with sentimental melodrama, perfectly portrays its rather pathetic character.
We sympathize with the guy, but we don't like him or don't admire him.
Emily Watson transforms a sincere and sincere support performance.
It is especially she who implants this piece in our gorges.
Little Joe Breen is also worthy of mention, whose face adorns the superb poster of the film.
It is Breen's first feature film and he is extraordinary as a young Frank.
A bit like the darling suddenly Haley Joel osent of the sixth sense, you can look in the soul of the character through the sad eyes of Breen.
On the other hand, something that could have improved a lot of Angela's ashes is a more decisive publisher.
While Gerry Hambling certainly benefits from the landscape, he and Parker also leave in at least half an hour of unnecessary sequences.
The first half, in particular, could have been cut, bringing the film to a more reasonable operating time and making our bladders with the process.
Things resume halfway through, in a way in a way to reject many criticisms that I have accumulated during the opening hour, but I maintain that the rhythm and co.The first semester was ridiculously useless.
 * Spoiler warning!
Jump the following paragraph if in suspense!*
The final message of the film is somewhat conflict, like Frankie, in Effer ECT, leaves his family hungry in Ireland while he returns himself to America himself.
What exactly are we supposed to do with it?
Her mother does not seem to care because she wants the best possible future for her son, like any mother, but it always seems inconsiderate for him.
I have not read the book, but I am sure that McCourt justifies its actions there; therefore, I am suspicious.
Another thing that has never been clear in the film is the meaning of the title, which, I am sure, is also explained in the memory.
If he is considered a film about himself, rather than an adaptation, Angela's ashes stand up.
Despite some minor setbacks, it is a captivating story of people forced to live in the trenches by a ruthless society where those of a lower character are pushed to the bottom of the financial scale.