I know that it already opened in December, but I was finally able to see Rushmore last weekend, and it was one of those rare opprities that I was able to let the prize to pay the priceexpensive ticket.
While the final scene ended in a happy way, I felt happy to have been private enough to look at such a good movie demonstration.
Jason Schwartzman, his face being strangely intriguing behind these great hinds and glasses, steals the show like Max Fischer, the best known student of the Rushmore Academy who obtains terrible notes, but compensates by organizing most clubs and organizations ofSchool (i. E.
The fencing team and the writing and the production of school games) and often draw scandalous waterfalls, which ultimately wins an expulsion.
This waterfall, building an aquarium on the school baseball diamond, is a plot to steal the heart of the Primary Primary Primary Rosemary Cross (Olivia Williams).
He finances this aquarium with the help of millionare Herman Blume (a very Oscarworthy Bill Murray), who finally finds himself in love with Miss Cross.
Rosemary and Herman are starting to go out together - and the pleasure begins; Herman and Max go to the head in a battle for Miss Cross.
Herman manages to destroy Max's bike, while Max cuts Herman's brakes, and it continues like that.
But finally, Max realizes that he is too young for Miss Cross, and he cannot hinder two lovers.
The Academy of Arts and Sciences really spoiled this year; they completely ignored Rushmore (and if you ask me, it was not an accident).
It was perhaps not the best equipment, but he certainly deserved a sign of the scenario head (instead of Elizabeth), and the absense of Bill Murray of the Bulletin of voting is a complete snob.
The mood of the film is one of the reasons why it is so good; at one point, it is fun and the following scene can become serious and dramatic.
Cinematography also gives the film an important feeling.
I hope Rushmore will be able to overcome his Oscar snobs and be appreciated by smart filmmakers.