When I saw the trailer for "The Sixth Sense", I didn't expect much.
My instant judgment was that it was a watered-down version of "The Shining" or perhaps a late entry into the overabundance of television / television programs linked to the angel a few years ago.
But all the buzz motivated me to try.
He turned out to be one of the most satisfactory cinematographic experiences of the year.
Bruce Willis plays the psychologist for children Malcolm Crowe.
At the start of the film, he admired a prize that the city granted him for his work, but he soon faced Vincent, a Malcolm patient failed years earlier (Donnie Wahlberg-Former New Kid-In impressive).
A year passes and Malcolm treats another child with the same symptoms as Vincent displayed.
Cole Sear (Haley Joel Osment) is a withdrawn child who is called "monster" by the other boys in the neighborhood.
Strange things seem to happen around Cole -His Mother (Olivia Williams) leaves the kitchen for a moment and comes back to find each wardrobe and drawer, even if Cole has not moved - and Cole seems to know things that a child ofHis age should not have an example, that there was once a gallows in his school.
He steals the religious icons of the churches to build a chapel in a puppy tent in his room.
The trailer gave the first major touch of the film.
If this was not the case, the first hour of the film would be more captivating because we do not know what is wrong with Cole.
If you are lucky enough not to have seen the trailer, stop reading this review now and go see "The Sixth Sense".
Anyway, since the trailer gave it, I think it's a game just to chat here.
Once Malcolm wins Cole's confidence, Cole reveals his secret: he sees ghosts everywhere.
Dead wanders without knowing that they are dead, invisible to everyone except Cole.
Malcolm is gradually starting to realize that Cole tells the truth.
The success of the box office of "The Sixth Sense" has generated a lot of press on the way in which horror films govern the box office this year and many theories about the reasons why this is how.
I hate to burst the bubble of anyone, but "The Sixth Sense" is not really a horror film.
Basically, "The Sixth Sense" is a touching story of how a troubled child and an emotionally marked adult helps to go beyond their problems.
However, some scenes with ghosts are wonderfully frightening.
Whoever really reached me: the ghost of a boy said to Cole: "I'm going to show you where my father keeps his weapon"; when the ghost turns, we see the ball injured in the back of his head.
Once gives the best performance that I have ever seen from an actor child.
It is quite difficult to find an adult in Hollywood who can give a subtle and realistic representation!
Although Willis obtains the best billing, Cole is really the protagonist in history and oste really gives life to the complex child.
If only Willis' work was also impressive.
Accustomed to providing slogans rather than a dialogue, Willis is rigid and clumsy that Malcolm, his most difficult role to date.
 (It's a bad omen for his next film, "The Story of Us", which tells the ups and downs of a wedding).
Writer / director M.night Shyamalan has a light and poetic touch that goes to the heart of the spectator without appearing Sappy or banal.
He is also a skillful storyteller, as shown in the end of the film.
It is only when the final secret is revealed that you realize that Shyamalan alluded it throughout the film.
Look for a cameo as a doctor who treats Cole.
Conclusion: Once should obtain an nodal appointment, and you should go see this film.