Steven Spielberg is now considered one of the Hollywood deities, due to the rare capacity to deliver both enormous commercial successes, such as Jurassic Park, and critical triumphs ventilated by "Oscar" as Schindler's list.
However, in the 1970s, Spielberg built its reputation by creating works of art that could slip into the two categories.
One of them is close meetings of the third very popular, extremely popular and influential science fiction show.
Unfortunately, he was unlucky to go out the same year as Star Wars.
Although the two films have a lot in common (revolutionary special effects, a brilliant partition of John Williams), their future was different; one became an unstoppable cult phenomenon, and another almost forgotten and glued forever in hisshadow.
When Spielberg started working on this project, he was already established as a new Hollywood star because of his previous commercial success, Jaws.
With other young directors of his "New Hollywood" generation, such as Kauffman, Carpenter, Hill and Millius, he exploited the great creative freedom of the 1970s, when even the consumer producers dared to experiment.
Ironically, it was Spielberg himself whose subsequent commercial success would establish new unwritten rules of "blockubuster" philosophy.
But in the mid -1970s, many things were different; Spielberg was young and eager to use Hollywood resources for his very personal and artistic film.
Although very personal, the Spielberg scenario was partly based on the book "UFO experience" by Dr. Jallen Hynek and in many respects inspired by the popular urban mythology of Earth extraterrestrial visitors who have started to grow in theworld after the Second World War.
Spielberg was not only inspired by mythology, but his film also gave mythology itself a huge boost, unequaled to the contemporary era of X-Files and Roswell's birthday.
It was partly because it made the film very realistic using authentic incidents linked to UFOs as an element of the plot.
History begins with one of these incidents - the team of international scientists comes to the Sonorra desert in Mexico to find the U.S. The Navy planes of which disappeared decades ago during the famous flight 19.
Such events coincide with the UFO incident being seen by Roy Neary (Richard Dreyfuss), a worker of the Murcie electric company, Indiana, who later became obsessed with her experience.
Because of his obsession, he loses his job, his family and his mental health, but his loss is nothing compared to the experience of Jillian Guiler (Melinda Dillon), single mother whose son becomes the victim of the extraterrestrial kidnapping.
In the meantime, scientists decipher the strange signals of the space and the U.S. Government, in cooperation with the French, led by Lacombe (François Truffaut) begins with the preparation of an ultra secret project.
When the news of the poisoned gas leak in the middle of Wyoming reached close closely, he finally sees a certain sense in all his visions and begins the perilous journey to the center of the threatened area.
There he was joined by Jillian who shared the similar visions.
Two of them have to unravel the military stakes and reach their destination to find everything that is there.
Spielberg shows great mastery here using the same jaw techniques to make completely different effects.
The slow, progressive but very disciplined series of spectacular incidents - "Close encourage" - takes place in order to bring the spectator to the great revelation of the final.
But, instead of fear and horror that we had to endure during the jaws, we are now overwhelmed by the sense of childish wonder.
Throughout the film, the spectator knows that something big, magnificent and wonderful is about to happen, and the great magician Spielberg keeps his promise at the end.
The last sequence, with sound, even at this age, impressive special effects of the great virtuoso Douglas Trumbull, would leave many mouths open.
One of the big V Irities of this film is its optimism.
The extraterrestrials, which are almost always described like the monsters of science fiction, are here benevolent and harmless creatures and the first contact between them and humanity is the beginning of something wonderful.
It is very ironic, when we consider that the two classic SF films that visually inspired Spielberg have in fact told a very different story - the thing of Howards Hawks and the War of the Worlds of Byron Haskin presented the extraterrestrials like the threat tohumanity.
The human approach and the faith of Spielberg in the future also contrast with the pessimistic mood of his time; the only index of contemporary gloom is the post-water representation of the government as a conspirator towards the public.
But even such a government is much more harmless than deadly men and black smokers who have become stereotype thanks to X-Files and its more cynical and disturbing visions.
There resides the principal, and probably the only defect in this great image - lack of conflict, and therefore, lack of drama.
The film has few excitations or even action scenes (in particular the last which can be an interesting tribute to Hitchcock's North by Northwest) but generally, almost everyone - Neary, Jillian, Government, Aliens - are the good.
Despite such gaps, the actors were good and managed to bring multidimensionality to their simple roles.
Richard Dreyfuss is very convincing as an ordinary, but friendly guy, who sinks into madness to rediscover himself in a grand finale.
Melinda Dillon was, on the other hand, nominated for "Oscar" as a mother in difficulty, but she was overshadowed by Teri Garr as a woman who has long suffered Ronnie.
In addition to the visual wonders of this film, the semi-supply composer of Spielberg, John Williams, excels again by his beautiful music, this time using the simple melody both as an element of a plot, and as the basis of his score.
The extraterrestrials, which are the main subject of this film, were visually very convincing.
Too convincing, said one of my knowledge in UFO research circles.
According to him, the representation of the extraterrestrials as small people with gray skin with large eyes was so precise that it managed to panic powerful government figures interested in removing the truth about UFOs.
So they then approached Spielberg and ordered him to make another film with Alien, this time designed to be something other than real life.
The result was E.T., for many years, the greatest commercial success of all time, but less inspiring for UFO lovers.
Be that as it may, whether the spectator believes in existence of extraterrestrials or UFOs, close meetings of the third type remains the great film, and one of the rare edifying experiences of modern cinema.