Review: A Flanders dog is the story of an adorable little boy named Nello and his trials and tribulations in 19th century Flanders.
Living with his grandfather Jehan (Jack Warden) in poverty, Nello finds happiness in his life despite difficult moments (they praise a chalet of a spare room, and the gourmet and malicious owner who has him threatens tothrow "out of his house 'if they do not pay rent).
Nello also has a rather creative talent for drawing some of the most beautiful images that I have ever seen, in a film or in real life.
 (His hero is Peter Paul Rubens, the great Flemish painter of the 17th century.)
Not that these are the only things that make the life of Nello happy, however.
He has a dog from Flanders, whom he calls Patrasche, who is a heroic Rin-Tin of the 19th century, which he saves from his cruel and nasty master.
In addition, he even has a best friend (and a future darling) in the charming and rich Aloise, whose father strongly disapproves that she drags with Nello "lower class".
 (He thinks he is not good enough for her, and he would hate the idea that the two children get married.)
But then he was himself a poor guy before marrying (as mentioned later in the film).
One day, Nello meets a mysterious and well known artist named by Michel La Grande (played wonderfully by Jon Voight), who tells the boy to continue to shoot his heart, and that perhaps one day he could win a careerBy being an artist.
And every Christmas, there is a competition on which is the most beautiful painting of the year; the winner gets a lot of money.
Eager to save his house (and his aging and dying grandfather), Nello willingly decides to become an artist, asking Aloise to put him.
One night, both go to a circus, where they have their fortune? One of the most delicious scenes in the film? This great happiness is intended for them.
She gives children a ring, which Nello places on the hand of Aloise.
 ;) Subsequently, the two children spend a good time dancing in front of the circus artists.
Unfortunately, things are not all "La-dee-Dah" in this story.
The father of Aloise finally puts himself so angry with Nello that he forbids him to see Aloise again.
Bad enough so that they cannot see each other (although we know Nello and Aloise, right?), But this is only the beginning of the problems of Nello.
The Aloise farm is burnt down and Nello is wrongly accused (by the Landundor of his chalet) for having triggered the fire in order to take revenge to be prohibited from seeing Aloise.
This decreases Nello's reputation in the city, except Aloise and his parents, and a gently Miller, William, who is very soft in Nello each time he passes.
Things get worse for Nello when his grandfather dies, and he has to pay for his funeral.
But then things become really mean when the owner Exiles Nello of his home (for not having paid his rental)? Permanently.
This means that Nello and Patrasche should die of hunger and go out in the cold and icy wind.
Worse still, the painting on which he desperately worked for all this time, "the portrait of the princess", fails to win the prize at the festival.
Now, Nello and Patrasche are really depressed and near freezing to death.
Can Nello be able to find happiness in his life?
Will Patrasche save the day?
Will Nello be the fateful trip to join his mother and grandfather in paradise?
A Flanders dog is a delicious and comforting family film that will be sure to entertain children of all ages.
Even the oldest who consider themselves too "sophisticated" for Kiddie Fare will be surprised to learn that this film is also for adults.
There have been other films of this papers (boy and dog), and although it is entering this category, it is above all a story about overcoming it the difficulties and the search for a good house for you-even.
move? Or rather, Rolling on? Old Yeller, this Flanders dog is a comforting delight.
The cinematography, graciousness of Walther van den Ende is magnificent and really adds to the powerful drama of the film.
It also gives a feeling of being in Flanders (the whole film was shot in a respectable way in Flanders).
The music of Richard Friedman is also remarkable; an evocative and poignant score which takes up the music of the 19th century.
The opening song on the credits is very beautiful (I hope that the soundtrack is available!), And there is a brief extract of "Cheer Up, Charlie" by Willy Wonka and Chocolate Factory (sung by Aloïse, in Nello, in another delicious scene).
The casting is first -rate: Jesse James and Jeremy James Kissner, who play Nello, are among the most endearing and endearing young stars that I have ever seen in my whole life (girls who play Aloïse, Madyline soften likeThe youngest and Farren Monet like the old).
Not that they are the only good stars, however.
Jack Warden is ideal as Jehan, just causing the right amount of humor and compassion required for the character.
 (The scenes involving him and Nello are comforting, touching.)
In addition, Bruce McGill is charming as a kindness Miller William.
There is another of my favorite characters in the film.
But Jon Voight, as I mentioned earlier, is the perfect choice for Michel.
It brings a mysterious but sweet performance that makes us all feel good again when it reassures Nello incorporates that it * can * win the competition.
But what makes this film fun to watch is how well the characters are well defined, and the rhythm of the story (the best of all, it has a happy ending? Although I will not give it *,Sorry) is strong and can be able to identify with the characters.
For the first time since the beginning of 1999, there is a film that was not based on popular formulas, such as special effects on a large budget, commercial soundtracks or all of this.
This one depends on telling a story fully focused on the characters, with just the good amount of heart, humor and drama.
It is, for me, which makes a Flanders dog all the more delicious.
Eleanor O'Sullivan de "The Home News & Tribune" noticed it, and was quite kind and generous to welcome him: "For lack of a better word, a glow surrounds a dog from Flanders.
His heart is in the right place and commits you.
You can guess where the film is going because it is a well traveled territory, but with pros like Voight and young attractive performers like Kissner, a story often told is well worth a revisit. '
In addition, there were some other enthusiasts, such as Chicago-Sun Times and the Washington Post (you should read their criticisms; they are really positive).
The other criticisms, however, were not as nice.
Stephen Holden of the "New York Times" had more than a share of blows to bed on a dog in Flanders via the writing of the pen.
He found the film as a "Sea of Sweet Bromures" and condemned MR.The character of Voight as "desperately in wood? Adopts an accent even more indefinite than the one he proposed for Anaconda. '
In addition, `` Entertainment Weekly '' struck the film, condemning it as "the worst family film of the year. '
There have been so many other bad reviews like this too.
My suggestion: ignore criticism.
They just have a big problem with touching family films, and you should never be careful.
This Flanders dog may not be a small "family" film (it will probably not be a great success in the style of the Titanic, but there again, no other film has been since then), butIt is not a bad thing and the same.
It's a story that is sure to warm your heart, and that's what really matters to a dog in Flanders.
It is also one of the best family films this year.
None of the other films I saw this year (although they are good) were so discreet and touching. If you are looking for family -style entertainment, look no further than this charming boy and dog thread.
Go see it even if you can, because as I mentioned, it may not be a big arch at the box office for a long time.
See it while you can.
It is really not necessary to compare a blockbuster of several million dollars such as Star Wars: Episode I? The ghost threat or Tarzan, or even the iron giant with a tender and sweet little family film.