The third film of the Farrelly Brothers, After Dumb and Dumber (7. 5/10) and Kingpin (8/10), brings together the real couple of Cameron Diaz and Matt Dillon, an unpleasant humor, a cute dog and a dog and unmélange d'love, destiny and romance.
Land: The Nerd of the Lycée Ted is lucky when the cutest girl in her class asks her at the ball.
Unfortunately for Ted, he accidentally obtained part of his male anatomy (ouch!)
Caught in his zipper and is missing the big night.
Thirteen years later, Ted still cannot get Mary out of his mind and hires a private detective (Dillon) to find her.
Once found, it turns out that Mary has more than one pretender, and this is where real pleasure begins.
Critality: sympathetic comedy with some extremely funny scenes, funny people and a plot that will never put you asleep.
That said, I must admit that I liked the two previous films of the Farrelys more than this one, but that says a lot, because I really loved these previous photos.
This one is also quite funny, but that didn't really breathe me like the others.
Again, maybe my expectations were too high.
Again, I may have to be silent and write a little more about the film, and less on my supposed subconscious reasons to love / hate the film.
By continuing where their other images had stopped, the Farrelys create a cute world of people with strange and endearing qualities, and a simple plot to link them all together.
This also includes a lot of humor to the toilet, but also a little borderline pleasure of the disabled and mentally triggered.
I must admit that I really didn't know if I had to laugh at some times or not.
Not a good place to be.
That said, the scenes that torn the public, and yours were extremely hilarious and lasted several minutes after the punchline.
Laughter practically killed the next scene for one of the best in the film (something to do with hair gel).
On the negative level, I did not like the musical interludes of Jonathan Richman who crossed the whole image.
I found them completely useless, funny and distracting.
In addition, I found that many funnier scenes have already been shown in the film's trailer.
And of course, I never quite buy the fact that these beautiful, intelligent and single still do not seem to find the "good guy" (see Kiss the Girls (7/10).
I really liked all the actors of the film, in particular Ben Stiller, who seems to solidify his brand as a great comic actor with this image and one of my favorites from 1996, flirting with disaster (8/10).
I also liked Matt Dillon with his big teeth, and Lee Evans with his superb British false accent.
Funny things.
Also make sure you stay for credits, because there is an entire montage of outings from the film which plays under a synchronized version of the lips of "Build Me Up Buttercup", which is really cool.
Overall, a cute comedy with a decent premise and some particularly hilarious scenes.
Facts little known: the big break of Farrelys came when they obtained a copy of their script "Dust to Dust" in the hands of Eddie Murphy via? The neighbor of Murphy.
They only discovered Murphy's interest, when they saw Eddie mention the script on the David Letterman Show one night.
Matt Dillon is an abandonment of the school.
Between the actor concerts, Dillon has extended to the catering sector.
Near his home in his native New York, he is a co -owner both a bar called The Whiskey and a Swanky Uptown restaurant called The Falls.
Cameron Diaz is 5 "9, started working as a model at the age of 16 and likes cats.
Ben Stiller's father is Jerry Stiller.
He played the father of George Costanza (Jason Alexander) on "Seinfeld" on television.
Peter Farrelly wrote a novel entitled "Outside Providence" which is currently being filmed with Alec Baldwin.
Rob Moran, who plays the cop in this film, also played the Millionaire Player at Kingpin and the bartender in Dumb and Dumber.
There are old friends with the University Farrelly brothers, and is currently married to anchor of entertainment this evening / correspondent Julie Moran.
Harland Williams, who plays the hazelnut hitchhiker in this film, also played a state soldier in the previous Dumb and Dumber of Farrelly, and was the star of the unfortunate Rocket Man.