"Fallen Angels" by Wong Kar-Wei is, at a purely visceral level, one of the most exciting films that I have seen for a long time.
Unfortunately, Wong seems more interested in experimenting with his camera than creating tangible characters so that the public can root.
Usually it would be enough to flow a film, but in the case of "Fallen Angels", this is not the case.
Each plan of this film is exciting just to * watch *.
Wong does really interesting things with the camera, but it does not allow the pyrotechnics to take over the relay, as was the case with "Knock off" lamentable from recent years (which contained a photo of a foot in ashoe.
UGH.)
The film follows three pairs of lost souls as they fight to find a meaning in their lives.
I can't say much more than that because I didn't really know what was going on most of the time.
In fact, it was only halfway through the film that I was able to distinguish between each character.
The constant moving camera does not really allow the public to associate with a single character.
We are always kept from these people, I suppose that to add more to the feeling of alienation felt by the characters.
 "Fallen Angels" is a refreshing change of space for most Hollywood films, which never bother to try something different, at least at a visual level.
In fact, I would go so far as to say that "Fallen Angels" is more difficult visually than any Hollywood film for the general public that I have ever seen.
Of course, there are directors like Robert Rodriguez who like to transform violence into death orgies of death, but seeing a filmmaker like Wong who attacks the senses with images is really something that deserves to be celebrated.
But if Wong wants to become a legendary filmmaker, he must work to incorporate a real story in these impressive images.
There was too many cases during the "feet" in which I wondered, "now who are these people again?
Is this this first couple or the second couple? "
It was impossible to follow.
Perhaps he could inform the public immediately of which character is the character, by presenting them with "name cards", as in the "medium streets" of Scorsese.
It's really apart, however.
Wong Kar-Wei has proven himself, through very few films, he is a filmmaker to watch.
Let's just hope that he applies his narration skills with his next films.