"Run Lola Run", a German importation which has acquired a stellar reputation in the Sundance Film Festival, is a dazzling and kinetic film which deals with the subjects of destiny and chance.
For a Berserk and Retroactive 81 minutes of non-stop movement, we follow a heroine with fiery hair called Lola (Franka Potte) as she springs to save her boyfriend from drug traffickers.
Lola has about twenty minutes to recover 100,000 points in time to save Manni (Moribtreu) to be killed by the dealer.
But, in a pseudo-`` `day of the soil day '', the director Tom Tykwer gives Lola three distinct chances to better navigate the lens.
In this trio of episodes, we gradually learn the unique effects of destiny, because even if tiny changes are made in Lola's journey, the future can be seriously modified.
"Run Lola Run" is an experience like "Fight Club" or "The Matrix", insofar as each film guides you through a super-loaded worm of the reality of flexion in a surreal and exciting way.
In addition, the three films have a visual style that separates them from the rest of the pack.
"Lola" is no exception, with elegant work and cinematography with a rapid sparkle which serves as candy for sparkling eyes from the start.
The world of Tykwer is a landscape of mood and color, with brilliant shades of red and pink (including ardent Lola hair) used as effective symbolism everywhere.
With its visual style and its breathtaking rhythm, "Run Lola Run" is one of the most invigorating films of the year.
Even more when you consider the fact that everything is stuffed in a nonchalant manner in a period of 81 minutes.
As a heroine, Porente only runs wildly in the streets (as the title suggests), but she has a certain flair and charisma.
Its exemplary racing form made me ask me if it is actually a track star.
Meanwhile, Bleibtreu does an equally fantastic job to give life to Manni Dopey but passionate.
The two actors play beyond the call of duty.
The dazzling pleasure has just predicts what each episode reserves for Lola, and the result is ultimately rewarding - several twists and turns are unique and unexpected.
The other characters that Lola meets (both for design and inadvertently) include her banker father (Herbert Kraup) and a friendly security guard (Armin Rohde), but apart from the two tracks, no one has a few minutesscreen time.
The additional stars who could not be ignored are the director of photography Frank Griebe and the editor Mathilde Bonnefroy, who are both responsible for the catchy visual elegance of the film.
"Run Lola Run" is subtitled, so be ready to take up the challenge of reading the fast dialogue - occasional sections are particularly fast.
This is only one of the minor tasks involved in observation.
The other is the feeling that we never really recognize who are the real people in this hyperactive situation.
Most are just chess pieces in the developed visual presentation game of Tykwer, and it never really makes a significant movement with none.
However, the average spectator is likely to be so absorbed by the action that little will achieve the lack of power in some elements of the scenario.
Some small reproaches apart, this film is a wild and exhilarating driving which turns maniac on its wheel of originality.
Most people believe that foreign films are mainly studying boring and talking characters.
Maybe "Run Lola Run" will recharge their batteries.
Not only does this film offer an overview of certain intriguing questions of fate and destiny, but it also offers a visual mountain tour with white mine of an overwhelming audacity.
Like the way the experience must have been for the persistent title character, "Run Lola Run" is exhausting.