Billy Bob Thornton, who suddenly increased glory with the 1996 sling blade after spending years as an actor and practically unknown writer, becomes one of the most versatile - and most accomplished - American actors for the moment.
As Jacob, the simple but sometimes very brilliant losing brother of Bill Paxton Hank, Thornton gives a performance that should leave an indelible brand on all viewers except the most hardened.
Three men, Hank (Paxton), Jacob (Thornton) and their friend Lou (Brent Briscoe) fall on a wreckage of plane which, a more in -depth inspection, gives a rotten corpse and a bag full of silver.
Jacob and Lou want to pocket money.
Hank, the smartest - and perhaps more naive - of the three, insists on leaving the money so that the authorities find.
Finally, they agree to protect the money until the plane is found, then divide the money in three ways.
Things are starting to harm, however, with greed and violence weaving their ways through their plan.
The disaster is sure to hit.
Director Sam Raimi, from The Evil Dead and Darkman Fame, made an excellent stimulating film, Worlds Away of comic horror films that made his name.
Although there are a few moments that could remind one of his previous work, Raimi has made an intelligent and mature start which, hopefully, will be an even bigger sign of films to come.
Scott B. The scenario of Smith, based on his novel (which I have not read) is a fine example of increasing tension.
Although it recalls Danny Boyle's shallow tomb without the abundance of black humor, he keeps the drama that should really be part of such a story on morality, or his absence, found in a film with this subject.
Alar Kivilo's cinematography reminds of Fargo de Joel and Ethan Coen, the dark and snowy landscape becoming almost another character.
Danny Elfman is also doing well with his score in a bad mood and finely written.
If there is a defect in the film, it is because it continues a little too long.
Just when we think they are about to conclude things, Raimi and Smith decide to let the film go a little further.
Although it is not really a bad thing, it has become a little frustrating sometimes (it was perhaps due to the fact that I had consumed a great sprite in advance).
The performances are excellent, with the generally boring paxton in good shape and Bridget Fonda giving a stage flight as an intriguing woman of Hank.
It is an excellent showcase for Thornton's fine skills as an actor and a great change of direction for Raimi, who could very well have a career in front of him as an accomplished director of dramatic films.
The fingers have gone through, however, that this does not prevent him from doing another suite of evil.