I don't know very well in the best way to write this review.
I must admit that I was a little disappointed with the political satire of Barry Levinson "Wag the Dog", but retrospectively, that has less to do with the film itself than with false expectations that I had entered.
A good number of the criticisms that I read led me to believe that this film was absolutely hilarious and would make me laugh aloud throughout the way, and he did not do this.
They also led me to believe that it would offer a vicious and too reduced attack on the functioning of American political media, and that did not quite do it either.
Some even suggested that it would be a worthy successor to "DR.
Strangelove "in the tradition of black political comedy, and he certainly did not do it.
That said, "Wag the Dog" is actually a very intelligent satire on the shady manipulations of political figures and those who help them.
History revolves around the attempts of Doctor of Political Spin Conread Brean (Robert Deniro) to distract the American public from the accusations that the president, who is re -elected in two weeks, sexually harassed a young girl in the oval office.
The accusations, suggests the script, are probably false, but as punctually said, it is not particularly relevant: the scandal is likely to have the president's campaign derail, whatever his truth or his lie.
Brean, as well as his assistant (Anne Heche), decide to contact the producer of Hollywood Stanley Words (Dustin Hoffman) to ask for his help to concoct enough propaganda and special effects to reveal that the U.S.VA at war withAlbanian terrorists and therefore propel the president to victory over a wave of patriotic fervor.
As I said, "Wag the Dog" is not as hilarious to laugh as I expected, but there are really funny moments to find here, like when, in an echo of a cliché ofFamiliar film?, the camera takes place on an urban sunset with edifying and inspiring music strains, then cuts off in the studio to reveal that the song comes from a group of musicians that words gathered to interpret "we have theto fight for democracy.
Another scene shows us how, with modern editing equipment, an actress who crosses a sound scene with a bag of crisits can be transformed into a frightened young girl and her kitten fleeing a terrorist attack against her village.
The most effective coherent gag revolves around the propaganda team attempt to forge a fictitious war hero outside the SGT.
William "Old Shoe" Schumann (Woody Harrelson), a former military officer who turns out to be a first class psycho.
Of course, everything does not go as planned; the CIA, for example, realizes what is happening and concludes an agreement with the president's electoral opponent to report to the media that the "fights" ended, forcingWords and Brean to find a new angle on the supposed Albanian crisis.
However, even with the involvement of the CIA, the film is a bit short in terms of credible scenario.
Whatever the official word of the president or the CIA, would the main media have they have correspondents from Eastern Europe who could verify that there are, in fact, no fighting in Albania?
The film never answers this question, or shows the reactions of the American public to the news of the apparent war, with the exception of a few scenes that border the eccentric.
Schumann; we are apparently supposed to assume that everyone buys him.
There was also an example, towards the end of the film, in which one of the forced reinventions of words in history seems to contradict what he and Brean had sold to the public so far and could have given the game.
With these plot holes, "Wag the Dog" does not quite work as a satire of American policy, but this sends the mentality that could lead to this type of machinations in the first place.
Brean and his advisers never seem to be concerned about the fact that what they do is contrary to ethics; on the contrary, they are worried about the convinced of it and if they have enough money formake it.
The film takes a definitely dark turn towards the end, while we learn how far they are ready to go so that the propaganda campaign rushes.
The words and his Hollywood friends, on the other hand, seem completely disconnected from the rest of the world and simply see this company as another creative project.
In fact, one of the sources of conflict in the film is the growing agitation of words with the idea of not being able to attribute the merit of having produced the false war; in his mind, it is the mostgreat work of art he has ever created.
I think it is just to say that "Wag the Dog" is a bit underperforming: more attention to the reaction of the public and a tighter plot could have made it a four-star film and a classic satire.
However, the question of an American president using war and patriotism to distract scandals or domestic unpopularity is very real.
Wag The dog goes further the question and asks, what happens if the war was not even real?
With this premise and the talented cast, the film always offers more regularly than most, whatever its faults.