It might surprise some of knowing that Joel and Ethan Coen, who brought such madness tirelessly to our cinema screens such as "Raising Arizona" and "The Hudsucker Proxy", made their cinema debut with "Blood Simple",A dark and often horrible revenge, murder and literally deadly false ideas in rural Texas.
He has a certain resemblance, in terms of history, to the recent "fargo" of the sides, but even to dark and satirical humor and to the very eccentric characterizations that characterized this film are rare here; "Blood Simple" is roughlyCold and brutal from start to finish.
The premise of "simple Blood" is really only a slight variation in the triangle diagram in love / standard revenge: the ladle owner Julian Marty (Dan Hedaya) hires a capricious private detective (m.
Emmet Walsh) to kill his wife Abby (Frances McDormand) and his illicit lover Ray (John Getz).
Things are starting to detach when Walsh decides to simulate the murder with a photographic cunning, but, during the collection of money, becomes uncertain of knowing if Marty is capable of keeping the mouth closed in terms.
Revaluating more details on the story would be to give too many things, but what follows is a series of bloody confrontations (and I mean bloody), each triggered by one or more ill -understanding characters of whatreally happens.
Each act of violence or deception in this film makes sense when it is seen through the eyes of the aggressor, but we, the public, are aware of the "overview" and can therefore recognize that eachMéfait is somehow useless or directed towards the bad person.
This aspect of history, as well as the intense atmosphere of repulsion and brutality - we have the feeling that if firearms and, in a case, the shovels were not available, some of these characters would climbto death - are the most effective accompanying in the film.
The sisters might have done well for the title the film "Fear and Loathing in Texas".
Some have labeled "a simple Blood as a modern black, but, even if I am not an expert in one or the other genre, it looks more like a horror film than anything else.
The sisters seem much more interested in the twists and turns of the intrigue and the atmosphere of confusion and paranoia than in the characters, and the final sequence is nothing more than a confrontation between the (relatively) innocent character and theOnly murderers who remain vibrant.
That said, "Blood Simple" is a very good horror film; fear and suspense here are authentic.
The sisters also add many original touches that push the bizarre Abbyt counter confuses his attacker for another character who was actually killed earlier in the film.
That said, "simple blood" is not exactly impeccable.
On the one hand, the motivations for murders are still a little thin sometimes; I can understand that the characters had tracks to cover (or at least thought that they did it), but I found a little difficultTo accept that everyone would use murder so quickly.
And although they did not do it at least? I did not have to death someone with a knife, the sisters are not safe from horror shots; they engage in aProlonged Morte-Semems-to-Have-Dos-Back-to-Life but so we-out-out the scene of Dream which made me roll my eyes.
The film also ends so quickly after the final confrontation that I found myself asking myself if they had simply missed a film.
 "Blood Simple" is not entirely the masterpiece of the neo-black that many seem to think that it is, but it is a decent film and it presents the capacity of the sides to manage the suspense and theviolence in a visceral but non -operating way.
I would recommend it firmly to all "coen-leads" as well as to anyone looking for something original in a thil Ler.