In many ways, "Twotg" made for films that are difficult to cook what the confidential has done for police stories.
There are social benefits in his writing and mature patience to allow equipment to take place.
But, I suppose, we would not expect no less from Christopher McQuarrie, who was responsible for giving us "the usual suspects".
His writing talents are always intact when he brings us a bloody but intellectual story of two shameless but weak thugs and a plan that has gone wrong.
The two henchmen are Parker and Longbaugh (Ryan Phillipe and Benicio Del Toro).
These two men show the hardened wear and tear of those who have always had difficult things.
Their young people in difficulty forged two nihilist souls who use their incredible skills in play to survive.
Given the choice of a minimum wage or a small crime, they will always choose the latter.
However, they are incredibly stupid planners.
In fact, these two never really have a plan.
They simply improvise along the way, hoping that their bravado and their firearm arsenal will take care of everything they could have ignored.
Their next program, which they prepare as quickly as a McDonald's hamburger, is to remove a substitution mother named Robin (Juliette Lewis) who was hired by an easy family.
If everything is going well, they will receive a good little money and life continues.
What Parker and Longbaugh do not realize is that Robin carries a baby for the Chidduck family, whose patriarch is a pattern of dreaded crime.
In addition, two bodyguards (Nicky Katt and Taye Diggs) constantly escort him.
These two protectors find a strange feeling of pleasure when confronted and tested in situations of life and death.
They prefer to die than to fail; thus, their level of bravado is just as high.
But it seems that the levels of testosterone by Parker and Longbaugh are a little higher, and they use unusual but fun tactics to remove the removal and to exceed the pursuers in a sort of car in the idle alleys.
The next hour, we look at the Camp de Chidduck camp and assess their situation.
Meanwhile, additional intrigues come into play and more and more details are revealed.
Because the chidducks cannot go to the police and due to the particular circumstances involving the removal, we are initiated to more characters who will help to influence the result.
We discover that everyone in the Chidduck camp is not faithful to the cause.
Consequently, there are complies sub-curbs and treason and subterfuge elements.
The sepia atmosphere is made all the more fascinating thanks to a formidable soundtrack which emits velvet samples, treble of intrigue and crescendos that tell us about life and situations of death which are about toproduce.
The momentum and freshness of the film, however, are starting to sparkle in the last 30 minutes, which presented a too wide shooting where our two desperados try to make their way with the money of the ransom.
You can expect a lot of blood and a strange outcome.
In fact, you can admire this film more than you like.
However, for the most part, "the way of the weapon" remains on the target.
He feels cool with his conspiracy and cannons play elements, and intelligent for his inventive dialogue and his hard poetry.