Like the wonderful drama of 1990, "Awakenings", Starring Robin Williams and Robert de Niro ", at first glance", directed by Irwin Winkler, is inspired by a true story documented by Physicfirst Sight ", led by Irwin Winkler, is inspired byA realhistory documented by the doctor Oliver Sacks.
Since "Awakenings" was very good and made my list of the first ten the year it was published, "At First Sight" is not as strong because it is not directed with a hand as safe as Penny Marshall, but is always an intelligentet the drama to accomplishment.
The film begins like Amy (Mira Sorvino), a stressed New York architect, decides to take a little time and travel in the north of the country.
At the hotel in which she stays, she makes a massage appointment and after a long soothing session that ends with her crying as the liberation of emotions, she begins a conversation with the beautiful masseur Virgil (Val Kilmer),Only to discover more late, it is actually blind.
Amy does not really care if he has a handicap or not, and starts spending time with him more and more until they finally start to fall in love.
Once back in New York, Amy is starting to seek on a certain type of retinal blindness from Virgile, which he has been for three years, and by luck, comes into contact with a doctor (Bruce Davison) who can repairVirgile's view, even if there was only thirty similar cases in history.
First reluctant, Virgil finally goes with Amy in New York and accepts surgery, to the great hesitation of her old but loving sister (Kelly McGillis).
In the end, surgery is a success, but problems arise because Virgil cannot relate to what he sees, because he has never seen anything visually before, only touched objects.
He moves into Amy's apartment and she is impatient to bear it, but Virgile's injustment begins to put pressure on their relationship.
On the basis of global history, "at first glance" is indeed a film that has been made several times before, and owes a lot to its predecessor, "Awakenings".
What will happen throughout the film can also be easily telegraphed in advance.
However, what helps "at first glance" above this predictability is in the mature and intelligent relationship that develops between Virgil and Amy.
Usually, romantic images are the type of shameless puppy dog (the recent Tom Hanks / Meg Ryan-Starrer "You Got Mail" comes immediately to mind), but with this film, I grew up to worry morecharacters and theirort.
The film begins in particular although Amy travels in the North and first meets Virgile.
The massage sequences were strangely erotic, perhaps even more than the actual "love scenes", and as their romantic involvement developed quickly, the film was both entertaining and sweet, and there was clearlya lot of chemistry between the two.
These joyful moments have been well balanced with the subsequent scenes in which their relationship is seriously tested due to a contrast in the lifestyles they have always known, with Virgil completely accustomed and having a comforting and peaceful life in the countryAmy's hectic life in the "big city".
The other main compliments that must be given to the film are almost impeccable performance at all levels.
Val Kilmer, generally thrown into the role of "macho" type, has always been credible as a blind, and playing your character was probably a little more delicate than it seems.
It was a kilmer not to present himself as someone for mercy, but to sympathize, and he withdrew it.
Mira Sorvino, who made a spectacular start of Splash in the hilarious comedy of Woody Allen in 1995, "Mighty Aphrodite", for which she won a well -deserved Oscar like a whore with good heart, but Ditzy, is here.
Although she made choices of mediocre films since then ("Mimic" in 1997, "in 1997," 1998 "The Replacement Killers"), she has always managed to get out unscathed, and it was with "at first glance" that she finally has another juicy role to play.
In a truthful ruling scene taking place in Amy's apartment between her and Virgil, Sorvino turns out to be one of the most gifted young actresses today, and has an enlightening rocket for comic and dramatic pieces.
Kelly McGillis, who could easily have presented herself as the "bad" unidimensional sister, is also given an unexpected multifaceted character to play as a woman who can be too protective but who simply cares about her brother.
Finally, Nathan Lane, who is generally a little too exaggerated, is properly retained as a therapist of the vision.
The only misstep of "at first glance" lies in its treatment of the medical procedure carried out on Virgile.
Very few is ever said or discussed with regard to this, and when surgery occurs, it is so briefly seen on this subject, it is impossible to see what is done in his eyes.
Perhaps the reason why this aspect of the film was not more deepened was that the manufacturers were afraid that it will give off the public, but I would personally take realism, even if it is graphic, any day, simply giving the explanation of the surgery, the surgery of the cold.
In "alarm clocks", patients and the disease have been much more satisfactory.
Due to the strength of the scenario, written by Steve Levitt, is in the way he deals with the main relationship, and because of the fabulous performances of Kilmer and Sorvino, the few problems in the film can be swept away.
The adult way that romance is represented by director Irwin Winkler is undoubtedly with regard to the real couple that the film was inspired, which is still together after many years (even if the decor of the film has been changed byYork).
Since January, it is generally the period of the year known as the spill of bad films, "at first glance" is a change of refreshing and sophisticated rhythm.