"If there is a beast for men, she also meets her match with women."
With Sarah Patterson, Angela Lansbury, TUSSE Silberg, David Warner directed by Neil Jordan written by Jordan and Angela Carter, of a story of Carter Cinematography by Bryan Loftus
In recent years, there has been a tendency in the field of fantasy: writers have revised the fertile world of myth and fairy tale and the recovery of this world, to invest it with a new life and the'energy.
In modern times, fairy tales have become disneyified and degraded; they have become banal adventures involving logues, friendly dwarfs and cuddly animals.
But in their original forms, fairy tales have a dark and nasty edge.
The crows snatch the eyes of the Cinderella sisters, a glytain fate and then they receive in the animated version.
Hansel and Gretel savor the cooking of the witch in her own oven.
Writers have become fascinated by the bloody and morally ambivalent aspects of fairy tales and now modernize the old stories while simultaneously returning to their roots.
Before this trend is in vogue, Angela Carter - whose stories always have a dark, nasty and subversive - had reinvented fairy tales for years.
In the company of Wolves, she and Neil Jordan tell the story of Roud Riding Hood, the entrance with werewolves, Rolls Royces and a visit to Satan.
History is structured as a dream, occurring in the mind of Rosaleen (Sarah Patterson), a teenager on which we very little learn the "real".
In the dream, there are a certain number of insert stories, most of them told by the grandmother of Dream-Roséen (Angela Lansbury), and these tales shine central history in an intriguing and suggestive way.
The result is a surprisingly successful example of a contemporary sinister fairy tale.
I say "surprisingly" because there are so many ways to go wrong.
And there are ways to do.
The performances are poor, except for Lansbury - she finds the right note for the grandmother with apple cheeks, the sage and severe stories.
The soundtrack, Heavy, reminded me of the bad horror films of the 80s, as well as the special effects in the Shapechanging scenes.
Probably at the cutting edge of technology at the time, they are now laughable.
But Jordan succeeds what I consider as the most delicate aspect of the film: it transcends the poor actors / music / effects and transmits a feeling of fantastic, of otherness.
One of the problems of adapting full fantasies is that fantasy is often left to the reader's imagination, rather than being subject to the "realism" of the screen.
Part of me would like to see an adaptation of "The Lord of the Rings", but, on the other hand, I know that the recreation of Hobbits and Balrogs by the filmmaker will inevitably be really limited compared to what I imagined my mind.
This means that Jordan's accomplishment seems very impressive to me: he permeates the company of wolves with a real feeling of magic and mystery.
The world of somewhat Ruritanian dreams becomes a kind of urban reality.
The sun is exceptionally warm and abundant.
The nights are calm and misty and strange and ghostly.
The peasant village is rustic and comfortable, the woods old and dark.
This archetypal kingdom is the parameter of an intelligent, subtle and literate script, a script that is as good as you expect from Jordan (himself an accomplished fiction writer) and Carter.
For Carter, the cauldron of history is an infusion of witches, bubbling with primary ingredients: forests wrapped in mist, old cemeteries, virginal girls and wise women, wolves with bright eyes.
She skillfully mixes them all together.
There is a symbolic wealth in the film; everything is imbued with a feeling of meaning.
The purpose of all this, I think, is to represent the rites of passage from a girl to an unconscious primordial level.
a night newspaper through the forest, The Grandmother's Home Village is the node of the company of the Wolves.
 "Do not get away from the way," is told Rosaleen, again and again, and the path is both literal and figurative: the path through the forest and the path of life.
Staying on the way is the conventional approach suggested by the former Rosaleen.
Carter and Jordan, never conventional, explore what is happening when you leave the way.
Those who move away will be used to meet a dark spell.
This spell is literalized in the dream as a wolf garus, but the werewolves know many things: death, sex, knowledge.
If moving away from the path leads to death, then it is not a good idea - but if that's what you have to risk obtaining sex and knowledge (and therefore power), then it can be worth-Itit the risk.
When you leave the way, the world becomes a dangerous and ambiguous place, but it is full of potential.
And it's certainly more interesting than the Disney version.