Contact is a noble but ultimately unsatisfactory adaptation of Carl Sagan's only novel.
He details the circumstances surrounding the first clear sign of intelligent life in space and their effects on the life of a young and idealistic astronomer radio named Ellie Arway (Jodie Foster).
We first meet Ellie in a giant radio station in Puerto Rico, where she is part of the STI project (extraterrestrial intelligence search).
His research is quickly killed by his very political David Drumlin (Tom Skerrit), who disdained "pure research" in favor of science with "commercial applications.
She is looking for private funding and is refused at each stage until she launches her project to a company led by the mysterious.
HADDEN (John Hurt).
Then, with this money about to dry, Ellie sits in the desert near the very large table of the New Mexico when she hears a very powerful pulsating radio signal on her headphones.
In the most exciting and credible sequence of the film, Ellie and her colleagues determine that the signal must come from the star Vega.
At the beginning, the signal seems to be just prime numbers sequences, then it turns out to be a TV signal of the Berlin Olympic Games rebounded on Earth from the age of 50.
An additional decoding, with the help of Hadden, reveals another message to a message, containing detailed plans for a massive and complex machine.
It seems that the machine is a transport that will allow a person to go to the world of origin of extraterrestrials.
Of course, the big question becomes "who can go up?"
 (Just after "Who will pay for this thing?").
To boil it, Ellie is denied the siege in the machine because she without hesitation recognizes atheism, while Drumlin arrives because he rather professes his deep religious faith.
Drumlin is killed and the machine destroyed when religious fanatics bomb the launching platform (apparently to prevent "unhabless science" from speaking to God, or something like that).
Then Hadden reappears with surprising news.
He secretly built a second machine off the coast of Japan and reserved the journey to Ellie, in whom he took a rather paternal interest.
Ellie embeds the machine and is transported through a sort of green hole to a dream place that looks a lot like Waikiki beach before building hotels, where she meets the extraterrestrials who take the form of her late father (David Morse).
When she returns home, no one believes her.
She was not even gone for a second, they say, even if she remembers having disappeared for 18 hours.
Its history is officially discredited, although believed by a large public segment (which does not even need to know that its IT recordings of the trip contain only static.
 .
 .
Eighteen hours of static).
There is a lot to love in contact, so I will highlight these points first.
Ellie Arway is a well -balanced character depicted by one of the best actresses that are currently working.
Neither the character nor the performance have the same depth as Clarice Starling in silence of the lambs, but it is a standard difficult to meet.
Ellie is interesting in that she is a woman defined by a strange range of father figures.
His real father is an idealized film father who does nothing in the film but loves his daughter unconditionally.
Drumlin appears as a distant stepfather to whom Ellie is like an irritating teenager who wants to use his toys to get in trouble.
Hadden obviously has affection for Ellie, but in the end he seems to see her as her creation, nothing more than her favorite piece on the chess board.
Even Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), Ellie's romantic interest, is paternalistic in Ellie, seeing her as an erroneous person who needs protection of his own pulses.
The film is technically impressive, especially in the scenes where The message E is first received and during the destruction of the first machine.
The part of the film dealing with the message has the best presentation of real science in a film since the Andromeda strain.
The film collapses when it comes to its central theme, the dichotomy between science and religion.
This is a very real debate, but contact comes down to a simplistic level that never really touches on the real problems involved.
The film presents science fairly well (until the end), so the real problem stems from the presentation of religious faith.
The religious are presented as shallow caricatures.
Rob Lowe plays a clone of Ralph Reed named Richard Rank (very subtle, guys), the voice of the religious right.
Another religious figure is the fanatic that explodes the first machine (Jake Busey).
The only truly extensive religious person, Palmer Joss, is supposed to be a minister of a kind, but his real faith is quite vague.
I cannot even say with certainty that he was supposed to be a Christian.
All we know is that he abandoned the seminar and obviously has no qualms about sex before marriage.
The film drops the scientific ball to the very end, when Ellie seems to say that there are things that even scientists must take the faith.
At a time when the theory of evolution was denounced by religion as an atheist "religious" doctrine, it is exactly the bad message to send.
In a film dealing with questions of science and faith, the last thing you want your scientific character to do is to abandon the principle of scientific skepticism.
What Ellie should have said was: "You shouldn't believe me.
Not without proof, and I don't have the evidence.
I know what happened but you shouldn't believe me alone. "
It is the voice of science that speaks.
The character of David Drumlin is another problem with this film.
His attitudes towards the pure research project seem to be inappropriate for a person in his position.
In addition, his profession of "faith" before the selection committee is so naked and transparent not sincere that only a pack of idiots should have fallen for him.
The last big problem concerns the use of real personalities in various roles.
The media figures, such as Bernard Shaw and Jay Leno, are not so bad, insofar as their participation was voluntary.
The use of Bill Clinton should however give anyone a break.
First, lift the image of a seated head of state and insert it into a fictitious history, thus using its words outside the context in which they were pronounced, is simply frightening.
In addition, the use of the real president places this film between 1993 and 2001, dating forever.
People watching this film in the future will say: "Hey, it never happened during Clinton's mandate."
This little unreality will bring people out of their suspension of disbelief.
In addition, the level of technology described in the film is too advanced to take place before the first decade of the next century.
Better to have had a fictitious president played by an actor or not at all president.
The film raises an interesting question, although it never develops it satisfactorily.
If we chose an emissary to send to an extraterrestrial culture, would an atheist automatically disqualified simply because ninety percent of the population of the world would profess a belief in God, or at least a form of supernatural creator?
Personally, I hope not, since religion is essentially an opinion, a form of ideology.
I would not want any form of ideological test for such an import task.