It is not often that I laugh so much to a film that my head hurts.
But that's exactly what happened to me in Uhf, the bizarre starts on the big screen of Al Yankovic.
UHF is a television parody in the plane, and like the plane, the film is extraordinarily stupid.
But it's stupid in the best way of a film, it's stupid: it's so silly and scandalous that it's hilarious.
The film features Weird Al as George Newman, a world class with a hyperactive imagination, the guy who fantasizes, he is Indiana Jones and which uses the hostess Twinkies as hot dog buns.
George is essentially a loser; his Daynessreams and Smart-Alec perpetually prevent him from keeping a job for more than two weeks.
But George finally has a chance to complete his creativity in something productive when his uncle wins Channel 62 in a poker game and makes him the general manager of the UHF television channel in difficulty.
George revives Channel 62 with innovative programming: programs like "Wheel of Fish" and films like "Conan, the Libraria".
As the station notes increase, it competes with Channel 8, the main affiliation to the VHF network.
Like r.j
FLETCHER - The owner of the nose and the hard nose of Channel 8 - The veteran scene and the movie actor Kevin McCarthy is flamboyantly shady; he really has it with his fats, his grimaces and his eyebrows.
Uhf satire everything and everything to do with television, including television games, Tabloids talk shows, children's programs, dizzy women and films - from rambo to closed meetings.
The funniest scene, the one that made me turn my head, is an advertisement for the spatulas that must be seen.
Like most films of its kind, UHF is touched or absent.
For each working gag, at least one sparkle.
For example, the simulated video of Weird Al from "Money for Nothing" to say Straits is only slightly fun and puts the film to a stop (although it has a clever computer animation).
But the funniest bits of UHF are so hysterical that we can forgive those who fail; we know that another intestinal cure is on the way.
In fact, UHF strikes the brand often enough to make it the most effective plane -type film since ...
Well, from the plane.
A large part of the credit goes to the exceptionally inventive script of Weird Al and to the distribution of the film.
Weird Al seems a little stiff at the beginning, but because he is not afraid to seem silly, he finally has a lot of fun with his character.
The real star is Michael Richards in the role of Stanley, the concierge who becomes the host of his own children's program: "Stanley Spadowski's Playhouse".
Stanley's quirky and mixed personality is a great success with the public and made him a night star.
It is an endearing mixture of innocence of good humor, high energy enthusiasm and kindness of the puppy dog.
And above all, it is a good concierge who loves his work.
Another strong point is a vintage cameo of the incomparable EMO Philips.
The cast also presents Gedde Watanabe (the foreign Chinese student in sixteen candles) as a master of karate who welcomes the successful series "Wheel of Fish".
Fran Drescher, who plays Pamela Finklestein, reporter Roving Reporter.
Unfortunately, as a girlfriend of Weird Al, Victoria Jackson is wasted in a role that only requires groans, groans and sulks.
His character is narrow and should have been either integrated into the story or completely cut off from the script.
Although UHF is not an absolute essential, it is certainly the ticket if you are looking for a wild and wacky and struck comedy.
The film is good enough to see in theaters, but it can work even better on television, the very means where it laughs.