The tone alone cannot support a film, but it can go very far.
If I can find myself lost in time and the place of a story, it scores immediate style points.
When this tone is saved by an exceptional story and a great game, the effect can be described better by an adjective that I do not use lightly: "literary".
What eats Gilbert Grape?
is such a film.
It is a rich story, memorable and surprisingly played with collision with the responsibility, organized in a way that many viewers could find too prosaic, but who have insinuated in my imagination with his confidence.
Gilbert Grape (Johnny Depp) is a young man living in Rural Endora, in Iowa, faced with incredible responsibilities.
As a man man since his father's suicide, Gilbert has to support the family by working at the local grocery store.
He must also monitor his mental disabled brother Arnie (Leonardo DiCaprio) and help take care of his extremely overweight mother (Darlene Cates).
Gilbert seems intended to spend the rest of his life in the small town until the arrival in Endora de Becky (Juliette Lewis), a free spirit passing with his grandmother when their truck breaks down.
As he spends time with Becky, Gilbert begins to think about all the things he lacks.
Slowly, his resentment is built, until he realizes that he can no longer live his whole life for others.
The director Lasses Hallstrom (my dog life) and the legendary filmmaker Sven Nykvist creates a magnificent visual backdrop for the scenario of Peter Hedges, based on her own novel.
Endora is a city on the edge of the world represented by the giant Foodmart, a small island community where everyone knows everyone.
The sunsets and the sprawl fields of the Midwest are beautifully photographed, and the atmosphere of the city is intensely real.
The minor characters, like Crispin Glover as the city mortician, are very made, and there are echoes of the last photo show in the desperately unhappy housewife of Mary Steenburgen.
One of the most perfectly made scenes focuses on the great opening of a Burger franchise, assisted by the whole city and accompanied by the high school group outside the key.
Not a single note in the representation of Endora did nothing wrong.
The same can be said about the character of Gilbert.
It is a testimony of the precision involved in its creation that it has completely met with a perfectly placed line, when Becky responds to the description of his father's Gilbert with: "I knew someone like that.""
Gilbert is a man hosting bitterness constantly increasing from where he finds himself in life, a bitterness that turns out to be in moments of surprising cruelty.
In a scene, it allows local children to look at their mother through their window, displaying it as an attraction for a side show.
All his life seems to make fun of the repeated songs of Arnie, "we are not going anywhere", but instead of expressing his dissatisfaction, he lets his anger simmer, and he becomes clear that he follows the traces of his fatherin this regard.
Johnny DEPP experts in an expert way tension in the center of Gilbert by playing everything below the surface, but he never yields to a one -dimensional emptiness or simply regurgitates his naive roles in Benny & Joon and Edward Scisssorhands.
Depp's performance, however, is overshadowed by the amazing work of support for Leonardo DiCaprio's Oscars as an Arnie.
He shame as actors so big names like John Malkovich and Dustin Hoffman, whose characters mentally challenged have never seemed completely real.
DiCaprio is perfect for the latest contractions, and whoever has already spent time with children with mental difficulty will find it difficult to spot a defect.
Darlene Cates, a first actor, brings real pain to her scenes as a tortured mother of Gilbert, and Laura Harrington and Mary Kate Schellhardt are solid as Gilbert's sisters.
Only Juliette Lewis does not quite click, Play an essential role with your Dopey drone now familiar and too little authentic spark.
Gilbert Grape seems to derive in his conclusion, but he never lost me.
Thanks to a decor created with love and a wonderful distribution, this 1993 release is well.