I love this film, and I just saw for the purchase of time.
Unfortunately, he is also completely unknown and very little saw him.
This is my mission in life to pass the word: see this film!
Fred, George, Doug and Howie reach the middle of the fault.
Three of them have a woman, children and a house in the suburbs with a mortgage to pay.
Only Fred is still a baccalaureate.
Together, they take the local train every morning to work in town.
During one of their Thursday evenings organized in a bar, Fred tells them about his boss and the arrangements he took to keep a mistress.
He obtained an apartment in the city center where he can meet her, but told his wife that he needed the apartment to spend the night after staff meetings every Thursday evening.
Since they have always shared all four ways, they decide that they should also get an apartment with a young woman, Kathy.
However, Kathy is not completely honest with them.
In fact, she is a student in sociology who writes a thesis on the sex life of the suburban man.
With these four species, she believes that she will make a very good paper.
Ok, have one clear thing, however.
The romantic meeting 'between Kathy and each of the men is completely innocent.
The script remains above the size-or to be precise, above the neck.
Noboyd claims that Kathy is their mistress, the four guys call him their "companion".
The censorship council here in Sweden considered that people over 15 years old should be, but that has only been showing how long 1962 was.
Little children could look at this without being corrupt.
Kim Novak is as beautiful as still in this film, even if she seems to be a little too old for a student.
James Garner is the Playboy as in many other films.
I liked Howard Morris the best like Howard the accountant who must follow a diet to support his wife.
Tony Randall is funny as always.
1962 was over 35 years ago.
How many accountants, editors or investment bankers can afford today to live in a house in the suburbs with many children and a woman who does not work?
It is the white middle class, I do not remember that I saw blacks on the suburban train they use.
These are the people who can count on their children to live a life even better than them.
Maybe this should also be a subject of thesis in cinematographic sociology?