Now allows you to watch the story of shark films.
There were unforgettable jaws.
The Exciating Jaws 2. The Jaws rather 3D sheets and in the late 90s, another film of the same kind that I can't remember (about Jaws son who comes back to take revenge or something like that).
Now, with the magic of CGI, a shark is simply not enough; in the deep blue sea, there are 3 large, nasty and really intelligent!
Russell Frankiln (Jackson) Visit Aquatica (a research center linked to the sea), where research is carried out on the extraction of a hormonal substance found unique in the shark brain which can cure and reverse the effects of the disease of'Alzheimer's.
The substance is small in quantity and for this reason, the main researcher Dr.Susan Macalaester genetically modifies the DNA of sharks and makes them grow twice as large with brains as large as humans, naturally producing more hormones very very hormonesprecious.
As safe as the sun sets to the west, a shark breaks and wreaked havoc in the installation during a hormonal extraction procedure.
With the flexibility offered by CGI, the Sharks get more full length screen time as their predecessors did during these days of remote -controlled rubber combination.
It is over time of people who have trained underwater with the water becoming red just after.
This time, we see all the action of Goboard, with floating members and everything.
Acting thus, expected in most of your average action film.
Jackson (fresh of his role as Jedi Master in The Phantom Threatening) takes the dark strength of a different type and adapts well to his sage lines.
The role of Cuol J's cook as Preacher, made for this film what Steven Seagal's Cook could only dream of making in his two films under siege.
Deep Blue Sea offers none of the psychological sensations that Jaws has to offer.
However, it turns out to be a refreshing follow -up in the genre, full of visual sensations, suspense and not to believe humor!
It's like Jurassic Park underwater.
Nothing too stressful, pure entertainment.
Renny Harlin, you are forgiven (to make the island of Fosette).