Kadosh means sacred in Hebrew.
The fictitious work of Amos Gitai, after spending most of his career to make documentaries, is a dark story on a failed Hasidic marriage, even if marriage is loving.
Marriage will symbolize the conflict of cultures in modern Israel between the modern point of view of the native Israeli towards religion and the heart of the Hasidic Savvy, because the two groups compete for the control of the secular government.
Gitai (Devarim / Yom Yom) is a left of the Labor Party, who thinks that if the rigid Hassidic has never had control of the government, that would sound the death knell from Israel.
The focus put by the film is on the way in which the ultra-Orthodox Jews of this sect live by the letter of the Torah in everything they do and how they subjugate women to accept their vision of the law of God onlyFrom the point of view of the male.
That if they took control of the country, their intolerant attitude would captivate the country in the same way as women.
The story takes place in the Jewish districts of Jerusalem called Mea Shearim, where we are killed in the streets of Sinewy with signs glued to the walls, and in crowded apartments and prayer rooms where the protagonists live their idea ofGood Jewish life, which is different from how most Jews live in Israel.
It is a controversial film, in the sense that women are unhappy and male attitudes are towards as extreme patriarchal attitudes, that the film is linked to most viewers, whatever their belief.
It is a meticulous film that moves slow, which grabs you by the pass and never lets go.
The strength of what is seen, although filmed in an objective way, never taking a cheap photo on Hasidim, is nevertheless required to leave questions about the nature of such a practice of strict respect.
The film is supposed to criticize such a rigid people, because that implies how they kill the spirit of everything they touch and with their extreme phobic attitudes, it prevents them from uniting the country when they cannot currentlyDirector Harmonie with their own people, and it would be even more impossible to imagine them living with their Arab neighbors in peace.
The film opens as Meir rises at dawn and goes through his prayer ritual, where each prayer is made to the virtues of God.
He even thanks God that he did not make him a woman.
His wife Rivka accepts the fate in which she was born and looks at him from the next bed where she sleeps separately according to Hasidic custom.
She looks at him with shiny eyes, without questioning the laws or rebeling against her secondary role and how her religion prevents him from studying the Talmud and having all the modern amenities of life, and to see filmsand television.
Meir is a Talmudic scholar.
His father (Abu Warda) is a Rabbi at the Yeshiva.
He has been married for ten years and his wife could not give him a child.
Since Hasidim looks at the role of a woman in life being only to conceive of children, and cook and clean house for man, while the role of man is to spend his time in prayer, there is therefore an insurmountable problem in this differently loving marriage.
She receives an anonymous letter which indicates that "a childless woman is not better than death".
Meir's response is that she is written like that in the Talmud.
Meir's father tells him that the marriage contract must be broken: "A man who dies without offspring tears a page of the Torah."
All the blame is placed on Rivka, which is considered to be inaugurated as the reason for its sterile being.
She will pass countless ritual baths to clean up, while her rigid mother (Koenig) the due in holy water and says a ritual prayer for the 12 times she is soaked in homage to the 12 tribes of Israel.
Their religion does not allow them to be examined in depth by a doctor.
Rivka continues the sneaky and discovers that it is her husband who is sterile, but she c Annot tells him that because of their religion.
So when the father of Meir chooses a younger woman for her son, she is exiled to live alone in a cold apartment in the same Jewish districts.
Rivka's animated younger sister, Malka, does not want to get married but wants to live a more liberated life.
She has a longtime romantic relationship with a comrade Hasidic Yaakov.
But, because of the way they were both raised, she is still a virgin.
When Yaakov joined the Israeli army to fight in Lebanon, something that his sect is not authorized to do, he is thus banished from the sect even if he is still a believer.
He now works as a singer in a nightclub.
Malka's mother fears that her daughter will get married, so she suits the rabbi so that she married Yossef, someone she doesn't like.
Yossef is a very severe follower of the order, he is also a political activist who drives in the city in a van with a bull horn urging the Jews to stay together and to fight their ruthless enemies.
The two sisters discuss and discuss their options in languidly, with Rivka telling her sister to accept marriage, that will make her happy; but, while Malka is controacious to accept it, she has other plans to ruinThis false marriage.
The most severe scene in the film is the night of Malka's wedding.
Yossef prays God for a child, then gets robotically Malka to spread her legs, and without the slightest affection, only a nervousness shown on his part for the function he provides, while he enters her and the hard way, pushing'To the fact that the act is finished, then retired without a word or a gesture of love.
The sisters have choices, like everyone in life.
But the choices are erased by its beliefs, its circumstances and its inner nature, and how difficult it is to make these choices if it goes completely against the way you are high.
For sisters, choices are life or death.
Gitai, approaching daily rituals, tight housing and the very united community, has shown how difficult these choices are for those who have never seen another world and who have been kept in ignorance all their lives.
The film ends with the desperate Malka walking at the top of Jerusalem and looking at him as a stranger would do so, and everything seems strange to him, all the things she considered being in stone are now hard memories, as shemade the choice, and the price of this choice is indeed very heavy.