Meet Joe Black is your classic boy Boy-Meets-Girl, Boy-Like Girl, Boy-Get-Aclai-in-Horble-Acccident, Sunutarial-entity-Takes-Over-Boy's-Body, supernatural-entity-frills-in-Mour-awith-a-dad.
Based on the 1934 Death film takes holidays, Meet Joe Black is a well -played romantic drama that explores the meanings of life and love.
William Parrish (Anthony Hopkins) is a billionaire businessman on the verge of his 65th anniversary.
He built a huge media empire and raised two beautiful girls, Allison (Marcia Gay Harden) and Susan (Claire Forlani).
William was able to negotiate his path in many difficult places ... But he suddenly started to fear his own mortality, the only situation of which he will not be able to make his way.
And he has good reasons to fear, because death himself hunts him.
However, death has an agreement to be concluded.
Death has taken possession of a recently deceased man (Brad Pitt) and wants William to be his guide on vacation among the living.
In return, William manages to live a few more days.
Of course, he agrees.
Death, under the human name of "Joe Black", can live life as a complete innocent.
He has never known the simple pleasures of elastic material or peanut butter.
And he is not quite compared for the most complex pleasures when he and Susan fall in love.
But is their business condemned to an early disappearance?
In almost three hours in length, Meet Joe Black is a bit on the quiet side, although it is never long.
Instead, the film has the chance to develop well -textured characters and situations.
You manage to soak up and enjoy the atmosphere, rather than being in a hurry.
The romantic angle works well, however, above all, the interactions between Joe Black and William Parrish are more interesting than those with his daughter.
This is probably due to Anthony Hopkins, who displays his superb actor skills again.
William is a desperate man who has had an apparently ideal life and does not want to let him go.
On the other hand, Claire Forlani is only romantic interest.
She can show Joe the love strings, but is hardly such an interesting character.
As Joe Black, Brad Pitt seems a little stilted.
Admittedly, it is supposed to be out of place, but the too formal technique used by Pitt begins to distract from the role.
However, he is able to hold on, and during the three hours, his character begins to grow up on you.
The main character who seems moved here is Drew (Jake Weber), an ambitious executive of the Williams Society which is Joe Black's main rival for Susan's affections.
Weber plays the character with a Relish Hammy recalling Snidley Whiplash.
This cartoon sheet An aberration in a film has filled many other dimensional characters.
The supernatural elements of the film are manipulated with the vogue, but never distracting.
We never learn what is the exact nature of death, nor why he has never done something like that before.
In fact, it becomes a little frightening when death speaks to dying in their own voices / accents.
 (His initial conversations with Hopkins sound shocking like Hannibal Lecter ...)
And the ultimate resolution of one of the supernatural problems of the film seems, well, somewhat superficial.
However, even with the length of the film, it was a pleasant period in the cinema, something that you would not necessarily expect from a film on death ... but the one who meets Joe Black book anyway.