Jackie Brown has entered the rooms with little fanfare and a lot of expectations.
Even if advertising in advance on it was quite limited, the public waited for projections with increased anticipation.
After all, it is about the first film that Quentin Tarantino made from the very praised pulp fiction.
To say that he was inactive between the two is to say a lie, because he was involved in projects such as Destiny turns on radio, in Desperado, four bedrooms and Dusk 'Til Dawn.
He was also called at the last minute to help hit the script for Crimson Tide.
 (I am ready to bet the debate on which Silver Surfer is the only real silver surfer was written by him.)
Tarantino contributed on and off the screen to these films, but has never taken the director's bar.
Almost four years since he gained notoriety on the Hollywood scene and making John Travolta a star once again, Tarantino returns with a film he can call his.
The film opens with a tribute to the graduate, with Jackie Brown (Pam Grier) on one of these airport people while the credits are displayed in front of it.
Jackie is an Air Cabo on -board agent, who returns and fourth between Los Angeles and Cabo San Lucas.
This makes Jackie a practical cash letter for the Ordell Robbi firearm dealer (Samuel L. Jackson) who is currently keeping his money hidden in Mexico.
However, while bringing fifty thousand dollars back into the U.S. For Ordell, Jackie is apprehended by FBI agent Mark Dargus (Michael Bowen) and the agent of ATF Ray Nicolet (Michael Keaton), who catch him not only withMoney, but with a bonus of a few ounces of illicit drugs.
Jackie did not know that they were in the package with the money, but that has no consequences for the authorities, who threaten Jackie with a few years of trouble being sentenced.
Of course, Dargus and Nicolet simply use the sentence to bring Jackie to turn the big fish, Orderll.
Ordell uses the honest surety bond Max Cherry (Robert Forster) to get Jackie out of prison, but while Max is immediately attracted to her, Jackie is more concerned with her immediate security, because Orderll killed the last of her agents who werepicked up police.
Indeed, Orderlli presents itself in Jackie's apartment that evening and tries to silence Jackie for good, but she "borrows" the Max pistol and manages to turn the tables on orderll.
Instead of closing the circle of irony and moving a ball from the pistol room at the head of order, Jackie offers an agreement.
Since Orderll wants to withdraw his money from Mexico, Jackie will recover from his old things and will be a letter for him once again, but this time for more substantial costs: fifteen percent of the half-million dollars of Ordell.
With a pistol on his face, how can orderl not agree?
In itself, this premise could have been interesting enough to wear the film.
However, we are also initiated into a number of double crosses that make us pay attention and think.
Jackie claims to bring money for orderll, but she also concludes an agreement with the federals as well as with Max.
The film throws us from time to time by leading us to believe that the agreement that we think to be authentic is in fact an imposture, but this is in no way done insofar as we feel shaken.
Instead, it is actually a good gap compared to the predictability which prevails in so many films of today.
At least this film has a little imagination.
Most Jackie Brown's performance are above the peer.
Pam Grier, which I had never taken note before, plays Jackie with a mixture of confidence and vulnerability that makes his character credible.
Samuel L.Jackson has a kind of fascinating quality about it when it is managed in situations where you know that it is in total control.
Robert Forster is really nice because he appears as an honest guy, trying to do his best.
never m Ind that it is up to a profession where to sneak in a guy's apartment to zap him with a paralyzing pistol is simply a question of course.
He is so earth-to-terre, the nature of his work really does not come to mind, even when we have shown him a woman handcuffed in prison or when we see the tools of her job.
In the roles of support are Robert de Niro in the role of Louis Gara, a friend recently freed from Ordell, and Bridget founded like Melanie, one of the girls that the Ordell keeps in the city.
Unfortunately, DE NIRO is essentially wasted because its lines are rare, then they are mainly cut sentences.
In this film, it is not really Niro, but stereotypical of Niro, pronouncing things like "little" and "roughly".
Founded, on the other hand, plays melanie slightly spaced with a satisfactory relish and kindness, so that even when she is boring Louis, we take her side.
As it is characteristic of any film in which Tarantino had the hand, the dialogue is fast and lively.
It attracts our attention and is in fact interesting, and in many ways, that makes Jackie Brown a film which needs few visuals; the lines are an art form in them and between them.
Do not count Tarantino when it comes to using the camera, however.
There is a scene where Max involuntarily watches a dry race for an exchange of money, and he is not really sure of what is going on, but by composing the right scene, his realization of what's going on isfelt simultaneously by the public.
We look at the screen and think: "Gee, it's intelligent", then think of the same thing about how the film prompted us to this wonderful feeling of catching up.
Although Tarantino is not afraid to shoot a dramatic effect, he unfortunately works on various degrees in this film.
There are photos where a character simply drives, and we look at this person and we have an idea of what is happening in his head.
This is a tribute to management and action.
However, there is at least another scene where we follow Jackie through a shopping center, and she is looking for something; you are desperately looking for something.
We have the idea of the frantic nature of her research, but we follow her so long that we do not really care about what she is looking for, but hoping rather that she will stop.
Overall, seeing Jackie Brown has spent time.
Some components have already been made on the language used in the film, but it is really not much worse than many other films today.
In fact, one could even be able to say that the way these "offensive" words are used almost lead them to parody and therefore transcend their own offensivity.
Go see the film and see what I mean.