In these days of too long films (meet Joe Black, The Thin Red Line, The Mask of Zorro) is a shame that films like Waking Ned Devine cannot be longer than 90 minutes.
It's just a cute film, even through its slightly risky subject.
Old friends Jackie (Bannen) and Michael (Kelley) try to find the winner of the lottery (they deduce must live in their dinky city about 60 years old) so that they can kiss him and share the gains.
Thanks to an elimination process, they find that it must be an old adorable Ned guidel, that they sit in front of his TV, tightening the winning lottery ticket in his dead hand.
The results are fun because Jackie tries to convince his wife not to pretend that it would be bad and that they could really benefit from it.
After all, Old Ned will not miss him.
Rather than disclosing subsequent twists and turns, I will simply stop here that Jackie and Michael put themselves on all kinds of problems in their sleeping Irish Villard.
Bannen and Kelly are a perfect pair.
One slightly robust, the other as thin as a rail.
The two agree in years, they make such a pretty pair of old codgers.
The Ned Devine alarm clock can even be considered a "complete monty" for the geriatric whole, especially since Kelly gets Buff-O for a funny scene.
Waking up Ned Devine is in no way perfect, but it is so sincere and touching that it looks so much better than most films.
The performance of all in the city is great, especially the two tracks.
There is a torsion at the end that I find unnecessary, but it barely ruins the image.
The writer / director Kirk Jones should be considered an example of all these Hollywood writers.
As creative and endearing scripts should be the norm, no exception.
Maybe it makes us appreciate this wonderful film even more.
If I had retained the best / worst list of my year for another day, Waking Ned Devine (officially released at the end of November 98) would surely be honored the short group of the best films of the year.
It is light, but stimulating and soft.
I cannot think of anyone who should not see (or would not appreciate) this film.