The Krippendorf tribe is a formula comedy.
Poorly done, the comedies of formula may seem to mean the fall of American cinema.
However, from time to time, we emerge, like the Krippendorf tribe, which really works.
Professor James Krippendorf (Richard Dreyfuss), the famous anthropologist, is in difficulty.
His university gave him a strong subsidy to discover a lost tribe in New Guinea.
However, he found ... nothing.
His wife recently died and he spent the rest of the grant to raise his three children: Shelly (Natasha Lyonne), Mickey (Gregory Smith) and Edmund (Carl Michael Lidner).
Tonight, he should give conferences on his new tribe.
Rather than announcing the news (and facing the consequences of improper use of his funds), he invents a tribe: the Shelmikedmu (named after his children).
However, a lie generates another because it is not only required to deliver filmed evidence of Shelmikedmu, but his research becomes a popular phenomenon.
Soon, Professor Krippendorf is taken in an elaborate trick in which he films images of coloring with his children as tribal members of Shelmikedmu.
His efforts are hampered by the boastfuls of an exaggerated colleague, Veronica Micelli (Jenna Elfman), and the intense intensification of a rival anthropologist, Ruth Allen (Lily Tomlin).
The Krippendorf tribe seems to require a little suspension of disbelief.
No one seems to question the way their documentaries on the ground seem to be turned with several cameras, or that their newly discovered tribes have surprisingly blue eyes.
Fortunately, while the film is growing, this suspension of disbelief is easy to find.
Although there is a slight humor in the Krippendorf family who tries to pass himself as a lost tribe, the real humor of the film is in the way James is trapped in his ever -increasing snowball.
The double meaning of most of Shelmikedmu's appearances is pleasant, and the comic timing required for some of the last scenes in the film is superb.
Richard Dreyfuss is great as an unhappy teacher who soon loses control of his own imaginary tribe.
Jenna Elfman's position as a romantic other advance seems a little forced, but she plays the role with extreme affability.
Even children who, in films like this one, tend to be a little precocious, are endearing and humorous.
Yes, the film occasionally turns into a rather low humor, but it has the best excuse of all: it's funny.
It may not be as a classic of all time, but it certainly offers what you expect from a comedy: a lot of laughter.