A film surprisingly difficult to watch, the last temptation of = Christ can be the most important film of Scorsese, and yet its most = incredibly abstract too.
Scorsese presents the life of Jesus = Christ, through the novel by Nikos Kazantzakis, which details the life of = Christ from around 20 until the day of crucifixtion.
Jesus of = Nazareth (Dafoe) is a carpenter, who opens the film making crosses, therefore = that he can escape the fate from which he is submitted, his destiny on earth.
= However, he soon learned of his bad manners to help in the death of others, and submits to a desert in exile, in the hope that he can reach = God.
Before leaving, he asked for the forgiveness of Mary Madelelène = (Barbara Hershey), a prostitute who is also a childhood friend of Jesus.
= 20
After going to the desert, Christ learns his real goal in life, and what he has to do.
Helped by Judas (Keitel), he goes to teaching = the world his message.
Along the way, he meets Jean-Baptiste, the = rest of the prophets, and tries to teach his message to the world.
Christ = is also faced with internal demons and doubt, while he tries to find his real goal throughout the film.
During the story, = Judas is the closed ally of Jesus: his betrayal, supports the film, was not by hatred, but out of love, in order to allow Christ to die.
= 20
He is finally captured and crucified according to the bikes.
= However, as he is about to die on the cross, he is saved by a girl, who = brings her to his marriage to Mary Madelene.
The girl is a guardian = angel who comes from God and who saved him from his death.
Jesus will live a life as a man, as a carpenter, and will not die on the = cross.
On his deathbed, in the last moments of his life, he is visited by the prophets, and by Judas, who denounces his master to "do not keep his end of negotiation".
Judas reveals that the angel is really the devil, and the life that Jesus had lived to be the ultimate selfish act.
Jesus = escapes from his deathbed and asks his Father forgiveness, to succumb to his last temptation.
Visually and atrial, the film is absolutely breathtaking.
No other = director has even come to realize Jerusalem at the time of Christ's life on the screen.
Peter Gabriel contributes to a score that = simply surprising, with pulsating rhythms that capture the spectator.
The performances are simply exquisite, with Dafoe opening the way with a fascinating tour as Jesus.
Keitel, although his accent is a problem, is = passionately brilliant, fighting through the language to give life to the character =.
The visuals are also incredible.
Scorsese supervises his film in A = your hard, leaving the impression that Jesus is really a man who has human fragiles.
The film, however, has many points of harm.
Paul Schrader's script is = one.
Schrader uses New York modern English to tell the story, with New York words, New York manners and New York slang.
= The film does not focus on the pious aspects of Christ either.
There is = no underlying message behind man's words.
The film does not capture = the glory and the splendor of Christ.
If he had faithfully explored that = the aspect, that the dichotomy of the soul of Jesus, his fragiles and his doubt mixed = with his undoubted glory, would have been simply spectacular.
The = message of Christ is confused between love and violence, and the film = simply tells us that Jesus is great, instead of showing us his greatness.
The film is also too long.
It drags just in the middle, with = nothing really happens.
Christ is a confused figure, in the sense that = the public does not know who he really is.
Schrader forgets to give a message to = Jesus, to show that he is really the Messiah, to give him divinity.
Without that, it is a disjointed prophet, that the public = themselves is not Lieve.
There are several moments of accidental hilarity, and most of them occur when Jesus tries to preach.
= There are moments of fear and brief power, followed by moments of confused hilarity.
That said, the controversial temptation sequence is something to see.
It is a step in an unexpected direction, which leaves the public perplexed, until the arrival of the disciples.
It is simply a scene = breathtaking, with Jesus about to die as mortal.
It's really = one of the best moments of scorsese.
It is regrettable that Scorsese = cannot make a film on Christ as powerful as this only scene.
= 20