"It's not good to know too much about someone, Charlie," warns Charles, Charlie (Margaret Welsh), with a diabolical smile.
Charlie is in love with his homonymous uncle, her "sister" as she called her since her mother gave her her name.
There is much to know about Charles, the least of which is that he strangled 3 widows in the East.
Mark Harmon, who looks like a killer but specializes in playing them, plays Charles, the murderer of the joyful widow in the 1943 Hitchcock film's replete Hallmark Hallmark, Shadow of A Doubt.
And to avoid any questions about his guilt, we see Charles in action on the opening scene with his last victim.
The story takes place in the early 1950s in the small town of Petaluma, California, where Charles headed to avoid the police.
John Gay's script uses most of the original scenario of Sally Benson, Alma Reville and Thornton Wilder.
The direction of Karen Arthur certainly does not correspond to the great master, but on an absolute scale, the film maintains a high level of suspense.
When Charles, Sweet Like and Deceitful, has just visited an indefinite duration with his sister and family in Petaluma, they do not know his harmful activities.
He informs them with gifts developed to buy the love they had already given him anyway.
Two mysterious writers and extremely clean for a magazine arise to take photos of the family for a spread on the "average American family", but their interest is focused on uncle Charles, in particular to take their photo and learn their history.
Charlie, who first welcomed the visit of his uncle, begins to feel more and more uncomfortable with him and suspicious journalists from the dishonest magazine.
The image progresses with delicate power using small details such as the article in the newspaper that the uncle is secretly trying to withdraw and that Charlie discovers.
The beauty of history is the step of two between uncle and niece while they are trying to psych each other.
She wants him to leave, and he does not want to go there, with a local and rich widow as a potential victim.
Charles will first kill Charlie, or will she get him out of the city.
Harmon is wonderfully scary and sufficient, and the Welshman is hard but trapped.
With a clever touch, the director sets up each scene, several with thunderstorms, and the sepia cinematography of Tom Neuwirth gives the film the impression that it had been filmed in the 1950s.
My only problem is the clumsy staging by the director of the final scene of the train.
Is Hitchcock's version better?
Of course .
Is it worth watching?
In fact, yes.
Shadow of A Doubt works 1: 40.
It is not evaluated but would be PG for adult themes and would go well for children aged nine and over.