"Jaws" is a rare film that attracts your attention before it shows you a single image on the screen.
The film opens with darkness and only distant and extraterrestrial underwater sounds.
Then, it comes, the first disturbing bars of the now famous score of composer John Williams.
Dah-Dum.
From there, the director Steven Spielberg does not waste time, taking us into the water in midnight swimming with a beautiful girl who becomes deadly.
Immediately, he lets us know how vulnerable we all float in the ocean, and once "Jaws" attacked, he never abandoned his grip.
Perhaps what is most remarkable about "Jaws" is how Spielberg builds the film.
He works it as a theatrical production, with a first act and a second act.
Unlike so many modern filmmakers, he has a lot of restraint and refuses to show us the shark until the middle of the second act.
Until then, he simply suggests his presence with frightening and subjective underwater plans and Williams music.
He builds the tension little by little, so when the time comes for the highest point, the arrival of the shark is really terrifying.
He does not let us be bored with imagery.
The first act opens with police chief Martin Brody (Roy Scheider), a New York cop who has taken an easy and peaceful work on the police station on the island of Amity, a complex fictitious city ofNew England where there has been no murder or murder or a pistol in 25 years.
The island is shaken by several large vicious white shark attacks just before July 4, and the mayor, Larry Vaughn (Murray Hamilton), does not want to close the beaches because the island depends on the summer tourist money.
Brody is joined by Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss), a young ambitious shark expert from the Marine Institute.
Hooper is also fascinated by the shark that he is determined to help Brody to stop him - his knowledge on the exact operation of the shark ("It is a perfect engine, a dining machine") makes it even more terrifying.
When Vaughn finally gives in, Hooper and Brody join an old crisp shark killer named Quint (Robert Shaw) on his decrepit boat, the Orca, to search for the shark.
The whole second act takes place on the Orca while the three men chase the shark and are inevitably chased by him.
 "Jaws" is a thriller with a sense of bright humor and an incredible sense of rhythm, tension and horror.
It is like ten films all in one, and it is not surprising that he stormed America in the summer of 1975, taking enough money to crown him the champion of the box officeof all time (until it was dethroned without ceremony in 1977 by "Starguerres").
Even today, the fascination for this film is tied with Hitchcock's "psycho", and he never seems to age.
Although the big new technology exists, which makes technical sequences, including several mechanical, obsolete sharks, nothing could improve the film, because it would only be an exaggeration.
The technical limitations encountered by Spielberg in 1975 may have produced a better film, because it forced him to count on traditional cinematographic elements such as rhythm, characterization, net and creative photography, instead of simplyFinish the public with digital shark effects.
Scheider, Dreyfuss and Shaw were known actors at the time that "Jaws" was made, but none of them had the draw of a Robert Redford or Paul Newman.
Nevertheless, this film guaranteed them all successful careers, because everyone gave exceptional performance and refused to be overshadowed by the shark.
Scheider just hits the right notes as a sympathetic husband and father caught in the political quagmire to do what is good and go against the whole city.
 "This is your first summer here, you know," warns the mayor Vaughn.
Dreyfuss, who had already been seen in "American Graffiti" (1973) and "Learning Duddy Kravitz" (1974) gives an surprisingly mature complex performance for someone who had Literally played only children and adolescents.
However, the most remarkable is Robert Shaw's knotty performance as Captain Ahab of the film, a performance cruelly neglected by the Oscars.
Border a parody, Shaw plays Quint like an old graying lonely whose machismo borders masochism.
It is slightly disturbed and Shaw's performance is almost a caricature.
However, there is a scene at the end of the film, when he and Brody and Hooper are under the bridge over the Orca comparing the scars.
Quint is drawn to tell the story of his experiences aboard the U.S.S.
Indianapolis, a navy ship during the Second World War that was sunk by the Japanese.
His story of floating in water for more than a week with more than 1,000 other men while swarms of sharks have slowly devoured them, it is actually more hair than all that Spielberg put to thescreen.
Shaw delivers the story in a long grip, and it's the best game in the film.
Of course, we cannot leave aside the shark himself; with his black eyes, his rows of endless teeth and his insatiable desire to eat, it is essentially the quintessence of all the fears of humanity on thiswho is unknown and threatening nature.
A shark is a perfect sworn enemy that he is real - having survived Sinch dinosaurs, large whites exist, they can be as large as the shark in the "jaws", and they are a threat.
Each of Spielberg's subjective underwater shots makes us feel uncomfortable because we allow us to see what we look at the shark: a bunch of written, hanging and completely unprotected legs just ready to be collapsed.
The shark in "Jaws" was in fact a combination of real sequences and five different mechanical sharks (all nicknamed "Bruce" by the crew) built to be shot from different angles.
Many have forgotten, but "Jaws" was a kind of forerunner of "waterworld" (1995), a film that has overtaking production and soggy costs had universal studios worried about a bomb.
But, as we can see now, Spielberg has overcome all obstacles and has delivered one of the best primitive thrillers to get out of Hollywood.