George Little (Jonathan Lipnicki) wants a little brother.
After Mr. and Mme.little (Hugh Laurie and Geena Davis) visit the Orphang, they decide to adopt Stuart, a mouse that speaks (expressed by Michael J. Fox).
George does not like if his new brother when Stuart arrives at the small house, and Snowbell the cat of the family either (expressed by Nathan Lane).
George and Stuart end up preparing by preparing a remote boat race, but Snowbell wants Stuart out of the house (he is unable to live with the taunts of other neighborhood felines saying that he isridiculous that a mouse has a cat for pets).
Stuart Little is a mixture of live action and computer -generated images (CGI).
The character of Stuart, while, obviously, an image generated by computer, grows on you as the film progresses and you will soon see it as much as a simple special effect.
There is also a lot of training on animals involved in this film, because a lot of "support castons" are real cats (with computer -driven mouths so that they can speak).
It is fascinating to see these cats give performances without a real mouse to interact.
Stuart Little is a charming family film.
There are great laughs in the film (with a script co-written by the M. Night Shyamalan of the sixth sense no less!),
Certain moments that can only be described as "too cute" (the sequence of the boat breed is what won me) and even the majority of the liners (communes these days in films or children's films with Nathan Lane) are tolerable.
Children and parents will love it.
Stuart Little is available on the DVD of the video of Columbia Tristar Home.
There are two different DVDs for sale: one contains the film in full frame, and the other presents the film in its report of original theatrical appearance of 1.66: 1.
Both versions include Dolby or Dolby Digital 5.1 audio surround choices.
The two versions also contain the following extras (and hang with me here ... There are many): a piece of audio comments from the director Rob Minkoff and the animation supervisor Henry Anderson, a piece of commentary full audio fromThe Visualles Supervisors of Effects, an isolated score track, an interactive trivia game, an interactive featurette which goes through step through eight of the effects of the film, a manufacturing of documentaries that initially rose on HBO, and a little storyReading Stuart (who, who can read yourself or have Stuart read for you).
There are also three clips and six theatrical bands (called theatrical trailers ....
get it?
It's funny!) For Stuart Little and five other Columbia Tristar outings: Elmo's adventures in Grouchland, Madeline, the most zero nutcacker, space mupets and geniuses (the only bad thing aboutof all this DVD ...
I didn't want to remember the horror that is baby geniuses).
DVD-ROM features are also on disc, including web links and a demo of the Stuart Little CD-ROM game.
but wait ...
There is even more!
There is a section entitled "Basement Treasures" where you will find the hearings of the film's animators, six deleted scenes that you can select to see with or without comment from the director, a tag of visual effects, a reel of production gagAnd an incredible elevation of eight -minute storyboard detailing the original concept of the boat race scene (with comment from the director).
The first piece of comment presents director Rob Minkoff and the animation supervisor Henry Anderson.
They give insightful and detailed thoughts on the production of the film.
Minkoff likes to underline scenes where other writers have entered and polished the script, namely writers like Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski (who wrote The People Vs. Larry Flynt and Ed Wood) and Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel (whowrote Splash and Multignity, among others).
Anderson is very grateful to the animators who worked with him and often underlines which animator worked on each scene when they perform.
The second comments track presents the supervisors of the visual effects John Dykstra and Jerome Chen who discuss the more specific details of the effects of the film.
Fans of cinema will appreciate the first piece of informative comment, serious animation enthusiasts will love the second.
Now, I know it's slightly off topic, but it is specifically linked to this DVD, so I have to express this now.
One of the clips on the disc is for a song entitled "I Need to Know" by a group called R Angels.
This video presents four girls in mid-adolescents (singers of course) organizing a sleep party.
The girls ask a board of directors of Ouija "that I need to know .....
Who do, who do, "how the song begins.
They then sneak out of their house, and along the way, they take a pose and their sleep party pajamas is transformed by magic into the middle -class streetwalker outfits.
Then, they go to a party and dance in a suggestive way with the guys while singing lyrics like "I will be your pleasure all the time ....
Simply say the words you will be mine. "
Um ...
What the hell ?
What has it to do with Stuart Little?
How is this of a song adapted to a children's film, not to mention a video adapted to a children's film on DVD?
When the video ends, the words "to follow" appear.
Oh, I can't wait to see who they slept with when the DVD Toy Story 2 comes out.
Children will not care about most of the special features of this DVD, but those of us who can sometimes be transformed into a "heart kid" thanks to a winning family film, certainly appreciate them.
This is the way of making DVD, a good film loaded with significant features at a reasonable cost.
DI $ Ney people could learn a lot of Columbia Tristar.