Synopsis: The upper middle class, the father of the Lester suburban family (Kevin Spacey) realizes that he only goes through movements: he is unable to feel passion; he is soulless, cynical and cannotmore feel the advantage between success and failure.
Everyone around him has similar symptoms.
The girl without assertion of Lester, Jane (Thora Birch), is too lethargic to change her world, but too ready to complain and complain.
His wife Carolyn (Annette Bening) is reduced to maintaining appearances and reciting commercialist slogans.
And they are people with a large house and a decent standard of living.
The only person who seems capable of appreciating beauty, freedom and life is the most private person: a teenager dope on the other side of the street who is practically imprisoned by a domineering and intimidating father.
When Lester embarks on a crazy race to feel the advantage again, the fact that he has left his work to feel what it is - - and his new interest in the exercise of impressing a teenager - - RuffleLots of feathers in the family.
Will Lester find his ability to appreciate life?
Opinion: People say it all the time: you never appreciate good health until they left.
Likewise, people raised in fabulously pampered prosperity can become unhappy and unhappy on the most stupid and most consequence problems, simply because they have no idea of their quality.
Sometimes you need a close fall - accidentally or by deliberate fast - to leave apathy and recover your ability to challenge the world.
The cycle of deprivation / appreciation is a major theme of American beauty.
American Beauty is a film not form, intelligent and articulated which offers fantastic performances of everyone in distribution, in particular Kevin Spacey, which is simply a damn incredible this film.
What I like about American Beauty is that there is no sentimental music, no hospital scene or too dramatic hokum.
The film entertains and offers brilliant performance as they are.
If you are in a mood for a thoughtful film and not a form, I highly recommend American beauty.