You have heard all the media threshing.
You have seen all their faces-Natalie Portman (the professional) as Queen Amidala, Liam Neeson (Schindler's list) as a Qui-Gon Jinn, Ewan McGregor (trainspotting) as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jake Lloyd (Jingle ToutTime) as a young Anakin Skywalker.
If you have read criticism, you have probably also heard that this film fails to live up to the magic and humanity of the first trilogy.
You may also have heard that it is too suitable for children and does not have enough content for adults.
Believe media threshing.
The effects are superb, the digital creatures are incredibly realistic, the duels of the lightsaber are incredible and the sumptuous dresses of Queen Amidala are able to be carried by Queen Elizabeth.
But something is missing here, and it is not a budget or effects - that's all that cannot * buy.
The actors fight as best they can to expand the wide and dishes.
The most successful on this subject is Liam Neeson who, as Qui-Gon Jinn, a Jedi master of the young Obi-Wan Kenobi, has a quiet dignity and a wise and dominant presence.
He is the anchor of this film, because he is the only character that George Lucas apparently spent a little time.
The Queen of Portman Amidala and the Kenobi Obi-Wan of McGregor do not do so well.
Amidala, the future mother of Luke and Leia and the queen of a peaceful planet invaded by the Federation of Commerce (?!?), Turns out to be stoic, altered and caricatured (it seems that she was a vulcan geisha in an old lifeIn an old life in an old life in an old life in an old life in an old life in an old life in an old life in an old life in an old life).
And Obi-Wan, although McGregor makes him very endearing, has so little screen time that he is nothing other than a Robin for Batman of Qui-Gon Jinn.
However, McGregor is struggling to infuse this surprisingly small role of support with a spark of real insight and humanity, and he does a good job.
He also nails Alec Guinness' absolutely (Obi -Wan in episode 4 - 6) Scottish accent, and that really makes his presence in the film deeper than she could have been otherwise.
In fact, Lucas seems to be put in place on this a little pre -existing knowledge, and this is one of the problems with this film.
My name would never be a fan of "Star Wars" - especially not to consider what it means to be a fanatic these days - but I have always appreciated the films with everyone in America.
However, if you are the only person in America who * has not seen the films at all or even recently, or who does not bother to brush the names of dark characters, you can be desperately lost.
For example, one of the main (harmful) characters in the film is Senator Palpatine.
For those of you who are not recently imbued with "Star Wars" Trivia, the Emperor Palpatine is this frightening hood appearance who was the master of Dark Vader in "Return of the Jedi" and "Empire Strikes Back".
So, obviously, its appearance in "Phantom threatens" is supposed to arouse some echoes of its subsequent role in the series, thus making its role here more significant.
A large part of the film is like that.
R2-D2 and C-3PO make tokens appearances, and it is obvious that Lucas put on the preexisting penchant of the public for them ...
Because it doesn't make much to add to it.
The same goes for Jabba the Hutt, who does not seem as much bad here as a corpulent and lazy.
Even the * planets * make invited appearances in this film - Tatooine (the world of the desert where Luke grew), Coruscant (the city of Cloud of "Empire Strikes back") and Alderaan (the native planet of Leia - that we do notLet's never really see - Quese explodes in "Star Wars") arises or is mentioned briefly while passing.
What are the result to link so many points of the plot and characters to future films?
The answer is that it seems surprisingly empty.
There is no meat - no substance - that makes you want to love characters as they are, not as they will be.
Another problem is that there are in fact * too much * extraterrestrial characters in the film.
I was distracted by the fact that two of the main evil characters - strange extraterrestrials who looked like gila monsters - had mouths that barely moved, making them look more like Muppets than characters.
And Jar Jar Binks, an silly amphibious character Roger Roger Roger, is designed as a comic relief, but what he becomes really boring - and fast.
Unlike Chewbacca and C-3PO, who have obtained their humanity (if you forgive the expression) from their interactions with human characters, Jar Jar is often left to interact mainly with others of his kind, sometimes making the look like theFilmplus than a very dear "Ninja Turtles mutant teenage".
In addition, the dialogue is often guince and cheesy, and sometimes downright infantile, thus making certain characters in nothing more than excitators of the plot.
Curiously, it is not only * my * judgment - Lucas said that he had designed this film for children.
Well, he did a good job.
The hero of this film, of course, is the young Anakin, but it was very difficult for me to feel a kinship or to identify myself with an eight -year -old boy.
It is not the fault of Jake Lloyd, however - he does a good job to be a cute child, which is apparently everything Lucas asked him.
This is another error, of course, because the cute Tyke becomes Dark Vader.
Warning: Spoilers to come !!!!
In my opinion, there was not enough prefiguration of Anakin's future evil in the film.
The boy is all blond hair flowing and pink cheeks, and there is nothing more than a spark of aggression in him throughout the film.
He has an adored mother (Pernilla August, making her first film in English) and is a slave of a raw flying gnome on Tatooine.
But the only indication that the public obtains that this kid is not the whole heart and roses is the hesitation of Yoda by allowing him to train as Jedi under Jinn who-Gon.
His explanation?
 "His future is darkened."
 (Warning: major spoiler to come.
Enter your own risk.)
Of course, the noble Qu-Gon dies with the hand of Dark Maul, a Sith Lord of a scary aspect who excels the Jedi arts, but turned to the dark side.
This guy may have two lines throughout the film, but he establishes his presence through his incredible movements with his double-sided laser lighting and his scary facial makeup.
Because Qui-Gon never has the chance to train the young Anakin in the ways of force, Obi-Wan, the young apprentice Padawan of Qui-Gon (a level below Knightdom), must take control of thetraining itself.
So, at the end of the film, we finish where the saga begins - with Obi -Wan Kenobi and his young apprentice, Anakin "Dark Vader" Skywalker.
Did this story have to be told?
I would say no.
But is it an interesting film to see?
absolutely .
If you do not enter the theater with Jedi size expectations and just want a pleasant visual show, then it's your film.
Tatooine pod races are a triumph of effects and computer animation.
The digital history of certain planets are an amazing spectacle.
And Yoda and the young Obi-Wan are worth seeing their origins in a simpler and happier period.
Above all, it is a fun film.
Not deep, not significant and not deep.
But fun.
Perhaps next time, Lucas will hire Lawrence Kasdan to co-write the script, and the guy who directed "Empire" will direct.
Because if Lucas does the next himself, he will miss the only thing he needs the most - potential.
 :)