"No man is an island," quotes a character John gives in Apt pupil, effectively summarizing the themes of the film.
Although barely a great film, the ambitious adaptation of Singer of King * news is nevertheless difficult; perhaps the most shocking aspect of this defective psychological thriller is that a large studio has stopped.
The APT student is a dark image intended to be misunderstood by the masses.
1984.The Student Honor of the Lycée to the failure of Wonder-Bred, Todd Bowden (Renfro), conducts his own parascolary investigation into Kurt Dussander, a Nazi war criminal who feastively fled Berlin in the 1960s and did notNever again been heard.
Bowden suspects Arthur Denker (McKellan), the senior lonely German citizen who lives nearby, is in fact a pseudonym research of Dussander-Much and dusting of fingerprints proves the theory of Young Todd.
Bowden concludes an agreement with Dussander: in exchange not to reveal his identity, Dussander must satisfy Bowden's intense curiosity by telling the atrocities of the Holocaust from the Nazi point of view.
The stories he intends to continue in Todd at night and haunt his reveries, but like a spectator to a traffic accident, Todd's desire for bloody details prevails over his repulsion.
Bowden revives in the feelings of Dussander Dormants since the end of the Second World War.
Walking in a simulated uniform around his kitchen is entirely cathartic for Dussander: it leads to his torture of a cat and the torment of his "student", among others.
Bowden, who has taken very hateful qualities (he kills the birds and scribbles of the swastikas on his notebook), commits the veteran in an endless game of an increase.
Dussander should lose his freedom and Bowden his credibility effect, his post -secondary future.
All this ends with a rather unpredictable (and disturbing) conclusion, that which requires jumps of faith from its audience but is more satisfactory than the excessive highest point of source material.
The singer has not yet obtained the Keyser? Ze from her system.
His usual suspects and his appropriate pupil both concern the evil disguising himself as an innocence (the tics of verbal and the reputation of gold of Todd are plausible rus); they present anti-heroes morally in bankruptcy to whomTelling the truth is not an option if they want to achieve their goals.
Apt Pupil is a richer film than the usual suspects, a famous and popular film in part because its plot machinations were not relevant for the result - there was no end of the end, becauseIt was a whole hoodwink anyway.
Fortunately, Singer withdrawn most geek theaters from the cinema of the usual suspects out of its system.
Certain scenes from the student Apt feel tropadic and / or obvious (the dream sequences were foreign), but the majority of the film is moderate and the management of violent scenes by singing.
The performances of McKellan and Renfro contribute enormously to the overall success of the film; while most people will focus on the finely realization of the veterinarian of the British scene McKellan, I would like to distinguish the daring work of Renfro.
He is not afraid to play someone much unattractive and in a cold heart; he strips his vanity character, which many of his peers would not do.
 (Can you imagine Kieran Culkin or Jonathan Taylor-Thomas in the same role?)
Renfro has recently been accused of possession of cocaine - I hope he will not continue on this path, because he has a great future in the good films that await him.
As an Edward French orientation advisor, "friend" Schwimmer also deserves the mention.
He wants to be the parent of Todd that Todd's own wealthy people are not (Todd, like most modern children and children-child, mom and dad coated around his little finger), and his sincerity makes the studentsAppropriate are the even more apparent students appropriate.
But one of the ultimate questions of the film, were we born badly or do we learn evil? Can be answered in French, whose mo Tives are the least ambiguous time.
No man is an island, we all have the ability to make the "good" or "bad" choices.
Schwimmer plays with victory one of a trio of fascinating characters who make the student unconventional lauble.
-Ot October, 1998
 * The excellent King's Histoires collection entitled Different Seasons not only formed the pupil, but the redemption of Shawshank (originally entitled Rita Hayworth and the redemption of Shawshank) and Stand by Me (originally entitled The Body).