Dark City is such a rare treat: that is an amazing and hyperkinetic vision of a place where our reality is merged with black, science fiction and the darkest nights of Manhattan and London.
To start, it is accompanied by an intense story, well written and thoughtful.
The films of this caliber and of these are the ide?
Alex Proyas, who is the film before the crow looked good but could not cover the game or terrible story, here shows a near masterpiece; a combination of Metropolis, Edward Hopper and Phillip Marlowe, merge without bet without.
Sometimes he moves beyond the film in works of art.
This is the story of foreigners?, Aliens of another planet (and we know that they are extraterrestrials because they shave their heads and bear overcoat? One of the detractions of the film) that experience onHumans to discover what makes them live, what makes our soul?
These extraterrestrials are superior to humans because they have mastered the ultimate technology to shape matter with their mind, called? Adjustment.
They are helped by a human scientist, played by Kiefer Sutherland, who did it? And at the start of the film, watch the whole city stops at midnight exactly.
Meanwhile, John Murdoch, played quickly by Rufus Sewell, wakes up in a bathtub in a room with a swinging aerial light (a great visual effect - not only Murdoch is confused, but the public too).
Without memory and a strange guilt that he can be a killer, he receives a phone call to flee, because foreigners have it after him.
I don't have one? I want to go much further with the explanation of the story; one of the pleasures of the film is to watch it develop, in a way by finding Murdoch? Identity?
He is a pleasure to watch the characters develop through cinematography.
Murdoch? The wife of S, Anna, is presented through a superb beam of light: it is a living room singer who sings under a light projector.
The shadows, the contours of men in hats show, while it curves gently through the sparkle.
We see the outline of her body from behind, a hourglass, as she sings a slow and rhythmic rhythmic song.
A large entrance.
However, a film like this one only succeeds if the morality and the themes behind are strong enough to leave the spectator satisfied.
The city is pleasant to look at, but if it is? Is a bad story then? It is not worth watching.
Blade Runner was popular not only because it is visual, but that? History and themes were thought of and caused a strong response from the public.
He discussed it and argued, so a success.
Other science fiction films in recent times, such as the fifth element, are pleasant to look at, but are abandoned and forgotten because the moral of the cookie cutter behind them is so fragile.
ourselves with us with love conquer everything? After finishing the fifth element.
Dark City is not so easily explained.
As foreigners have discovered it, locating the human soul and discovering what makes us survive is not such an easy task.
Where is the reality?
Dark City is certainly the best science fiction film of the 90? S, and ranks with the best facts in the 80s, like Blade Runner and the two alien films.
Maybe that? S the best of two decades; there was the darkness of the films of the extraterrestrials, as well as the visuals and the convincing history of Blade Runner, but went beyond, I think, because the themesBehind were much stronger.
Anyone who wants to make an argument for better science fiction films, do not hesitate to write, me? To love to hear it.