Save the private Ryan (DreamWorks) Time: 2 hours 48 minutes.
With Tom Hanks, Edward Burns, Tom Sizemore and Matt Damon directed by Steven Spielberg already hailed like the bigger war film never directed '', saving soldier Ryan is a heartbreaking, sad and fascinating film.
It may not be the greatest war film in my opinion, but it is certainly one of the best war films made, and one of the best of 1998.
Tom Hanks embodies like a captain whose troop must find soldier Ryan (Damon) who has a house ticket because his three brothers were killed in combat.
Action, drama and even a little humor occur while the troop travels through France in wartime to find it.
After the disappointing, Amistad (1997) Spielberg returned to form with this excellent film.
I am not the biggest fan of the kind of war film, but I found this film captivating, and very scary, thanks to the excellent casting, direction and terrifying battle scenes.
Tom Hanks is superb, moving away from his dramatic roles generally Soppy, as in Forrest Gump (1994).
This time, he plays the role with grainy realism, and it's much better for that.
Sometimes it exaggerates the feeling, but it generally offers a good performance.
Edward Burns, resembling Ben Affleck of Armageddon, also offers a first -rate performance, moving away from his roles in films like She's the One (1996) Tom Sizemore has less impact, but is still observable, andMatt Damon Reinforcementsa position of one of the most beautiful young actors working today.
Spielberg directs very well, putting the public at the heart of the action of the battle scenes.
And what combat scenes are!
They are really terrifying, but the public cannot keep the eyes from the screen.
The battle scenes are filmed with a sacred portable camera, and the panic and confusion felt by the soldiers are underlined by this technique.
Blood and violence are not spared either, which parts of the body fly and the blood gushing.
This film is certainly not for sensitive children and adults.
Other factors help save the Ryan soldier being a masterpiece of the production of the 90s film.
The cinematography is excellent, and John William's musical score is also superb.
It is never intrusive and adds to the drama on the screen.
But although they are thousands of good things about the private Ryan, there is a major defect that harms the film genius: writing.
It is unusually flat, with many strangely weak speeches.
The film never really makes deep statements.
This is not a major reproach because soldier Ryan is an action film, not words.
However, the script could be much better.
Fortunately, the actors partly help to rectify the situation with their large delivery of their lines.
Saving soldier Ryan, in the end, is an excellent film, but not the "biggest war film" because of his weak game.
This film must be seen by all those who have their stomachs for this, because it is rewarding and extremely interesting.
He should really not be missed, and DreamWorks Skg has finally found his first successful film.