"You leave small notes on my pillow.
I told you a million times that I have not supported small notes on my pillow.
"We are all short of corn flakes - F.U. '
It took me three hours to understand that 'F.U. "was Felix Unger."
--- An Oscar Frustrated Madison (Walter Matthau) flows on a list of his complaints against his roommate Felix Unger (Jack Lemmon), in the strange couple.
The classic comedy of Neil Simon (based on his own stage play) on Suicidal Felix (Lemmon), who is convinced by his friend of Poker Oscar (Matthau) to stay with him in his apartment after Felix's wife throws him andPlaced the divorce.
The hook: Oscar is messy and likes his apartment in this way, while Felix is an obsessive / compulsive neat monster.
The two men, despite their friendship, compete instantly.
The films are simply not as deliciously funny as this one.
Each line of dialogue by Neil Simon flows like comic poetry, and all the actors are simply perfect in their performance.
Lemmon is at his best as a Felix mounted anxiety, but Matthau is shining the brightest as an ossar, whose world is invaded and rearranged, mainly against his wishes (the type of character with which I lovealways identify me).
And who can forget this catchy score of Neal Hefti?
The best thing about the film (and that testifies to the quality of writing) is that it is a comedy with the substance.
These two men, even in the throat of the other, really care about each other as an older.
When they compete, it is not a caricatured hatred, but a real frustration with the fact that they are so good friends but simply cannot coexist.
The films these days, take the grumpy old men for example, do not have this additional spark there.
These days, it's just an animosity for comedy.
A television series followed (with Jack Klugman and Tony Randall), that I admit that I have never seen an episode of in its entirety, and Neil Simon even scripted the rest, couple II, which was published in1998.
However, none of them compared to this comic book master.
It is one of the best comedies of all time and easily wins its place in my ten best favorite films.