"Love is the Devil" is a difficult film, Mununder his audience with wild images and a structure of the plot which prohibits a plot, perhaps to try to make us known the artist's psyche rather than the buoy ofrescue of the artist.
Looking at it, I was fascinated by the appearance of the film, the way the director turned everything as if it was looking through a bizarre and personalized filter.
Everything seems to be what life looks like, but how the painter Francis Bacon, the subject of the film, watched him personally.
But while I was absorbed, I came across my thoughts halfway through the film, awake from my trance by a certain interior distraction, and I started trying to follow what is going on.
What did I look at exactly?
Looking at this film, I did not know if it was the most insightful film that I have ever seen or the most empty.
Directed (and written) by John Maybury, "Love is the Devil" is an elegant masterpiece for the senses.
Everything seems bizarre and perplexed.
The angles of the camera are fiercely standing and the close -ups are uncomfortably too close.
The edition is skillful, sometimes cuts to something weird every two seconds, but other times, pulling a blow for so long that you are wondering if the public is not supposed to be voyeurs, or rather,Intrudent of the world and the Psyche de Bacon.
As such, there is no real story.
I did not hear much about Francis Bacon that I did not read before the film, but what I learned was the following: he was a painter in England who reached his peak in the years60 and 70, drawing hideously bizarre drawings of Etsimilaire carnage.
He was one of the first to really get out of the closet, and in the interviews, he was notoriously drunk but incredibly full of mind.
As played by the big actor Shakesperean Derek Jacobi, he is like an Foppish and self-absorbed crossing between Oscar Wilde and Nero.
He lives life as he wants to live, to the task of those who have the privilege of being very close to him.
It is as if he enjoyed the destruction of others and perhaps of himself ("Champagne for my real friends and pain for my simulated friends," he said one night at the bar he frequents).
 "Love is the devil" tells the last part of his life.
Bacon, well known in the middle of life, wakes up one night when he hears a man tumbled through his ceiling window and land on the floor.
He enters, without fear of what he finds, and discovers a thief, George Dyer (Daniel Craig).
Bacon gives him an offer: if he spends the night with him, he can take whatever he wants in the morning.
George accepts this, and go to bed, he leaves, but ends up staying with him, for any reason.
The film shows their lives together, at least in reference to each other.
While creating the world of friends of Bacon (like "High Art", this minor film by showing a certain group of people who shine a connection that is not shown but which is understood), the film shows the relationship of baconAnd George because she remains rather stagnant.
The bacon is haughty and bizarre; George is simple and does not understand the bacon the least, especially not his paintings.
Looking at this, that's basically everything I thought I was there.
The film has a hypnotic feeling, free from all the constraints of form, and is turned so unique that I felt that my attention was almost entirely on the way this film was made rather than what it is.
Once the film is finished, it is easier to reconstruct it.
I continued to think of this film, asking myself what was all this.
Someone does not just make a film of all style and no substance at all, and if they do it, they do it by accident, but always allow a substance to slip.
Thinking about it, I remembered how the two nourished each other.
I thought of the way in which the bacon was a masochist, in love with cruelty (in a scene, he looks at a boxing match with an orgiac delight, and lets escape a cry of pleasure Wh In blood of the head of a boxer splashing on his face; in another scene, he masturbates in the sequence of Odessa Steps of "Battleship Potemkin" by Eisenstein), and perhaps he led George Too TooFar in his greatest pleasure for pain.
He led him over the edge, and for him, it was love, even if it was not for George.
I guess this explains the title.
A little .
It's great and everything, but I almost want the film to be devoid of any meaning.
I hope that this has not been reduced to showing a point on humanity, on the way love is the most selfish thing in the world (and this is the case, if you look at ita certain way).
Or maybe if it had avoided a meaning on humanity and simply pushed itself to be the only film that was really inside a twisted pysche of a man.
It is almost always preferable to obtain ideas by looking at the uniqueness of a man to force universality in the throat of an audience.
In this way, you do not reduce your film to something that it is simply not.
I cannot say that I completely appreciated "Love is the devil", however.
Despite all the things I respect about this film, it is still rather uncomfortable to sit.
Even with a normally banal length of eighty-minute minutes, the film always seems to be a difficult task to cross, especially after an exhausting first hour.
Although hypnotic, it seems almost gadget and even redundant sometimes, as if he took advantage of the really bizarre nature of a man but was nothing more and more.
As such, I respect the appearance of the film.
It is beautiful and meticulously designed so that, with "What Dreams May Come" and "Dark City", it is the most surprising film of the year.
In fact, if a better script had been forged, I would almost compare it in visual power to a Peter Greenaway film, with similar obsessive images that remain forever in mind.
And with a Dymanite performance by Derek Jacobi, he has the comic and distant tone he needs.
I just want it to be more than on most of the style and just a little substance.
Then I would have had something to hold back even now.