When I saw the glimpse of Ron Howard's latest film, my expectations were dispersed.
A show on nothing?
It looks like "Seinfeld".
A guy whose life is broadcast 24 hours a day?
It looks like "The Truman Show".
What is with Hollywood who, as soon as a production company publishes an animated functionality on ants, another puts one on the bugs?
This is why I was pleasantly surprised by "EDTV", which turns out to be a fresh, insightful and often hilarious film on the follies of instant celebrity.
The writing, by longtime collaborators of Howard, Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, is right on the money and Howard himself should be credited for having given the subject a new objective.
In the hands of a less experienced director, "EDTV" could easily have had all the flavor of yesterday.
With their "True TV" cable assessments threatened by "the garden chain" (apparently, people prefer to look at the ground), the Northwest Broadcasting Company is looking for a new concept to attract viewers.
Program director Cynthia Topping (Ellen Degeneres) offers the idea of putting anyone in the air and disseminating every moment of awakening and sleep.
The hook is to find an ordinary guy, someone normal with whom people can identify.
While scouting the possible candidates, Cynthia's camera team discovered Ed Pekurny and his pork brother Ray (Woody Harrelson) in a bar, where Ray believes that he has what it takes for his fifteen minutes of gloryand more.
But watching the video band, the producers of the show are more taken with Ed than with Ray.
He's cute, he says all bad things, and he's 100% USDA Hick.
The boss of Cynthia, played by Rob Reiner, gives the show a week to deliver the goods and it's difficult to go to the early stages.
The most exciting thing that happens is that Ed brushes your teeth.
 "Action Shot!"
Wags one of the production assistants when a few pop pies jump from the toaster.
You had the idea.
But early enough, things - types of things that get niels - are starting to get to this San Francisco video store clerk and "True TV" cameras are there to document it.
Ed's private life is no longer his, his new fame is starting to have a negative impact on his family life, and the little dignity he left is trampled by the media.
Who should Ed?
You can be sure that the probers have a list.
Not only is the film extremely well sunk, but its artists are always excellent.
Matthew McConaughey provides the face, body language and adorable Texan accent to fill the shoes from the last American phenomenon.
He and Harrelson really seem to be able to be brothers.
Sally Kirkland is remarkable in a difficult role as ED's mother, and Martin Landau is one of the highlights of the film as a stepfather in difficulty of Ed.
Jenna Elfman (of television "Dharma and Greg") turns out to be surprisingly worthy in the company of Kirkland and Landau, although these alpine eyebrows become a little distracting.
Even degeneres and Reiner are better than what you expect.
In 1979, the writer / director / actor Albert Brooks made a little wacky film entitled "Real Life" in which a small opportunist made a real -time documentary on a typical American family.
The scenes of the family of Ed seated around the dinner table feasting on the fried chicken of the Kentucky and the silly game in wax as a big budget variant on this film, in parallel to its inventive humor.
As for most Albert Brooks films, "Real Life" was funny, but absurd.
The funniest - and most scary - about "EDTV" is that it is absolutely credible.