Steve Martin's latest film I saw, the Spanish prisoner, was a very different approach for the comic actor.
As a millionaire leading a massive plot to steal "a process" of a distraught businessman, the character of Martin did everything for money.
In his latest film, Bowfinger, Martin plays another crook, except that this time, he does it to succeed in the film industry.
He wants to direct a successful image which will force people to remember his name, which will make him more popular during the holidays, and, above all, which will make Fed Ex for delivering important commercial plans to his front door.
Playing the title role, Martin is once again the good guy; the one we encourage to finish his action film at a low budget.
This idiot is very friendly for any reason, even if it does exactly the same thing as the malicious Jimmy del of the Spanish prisoner.
Maybe the message is that, in Hollywood, to gain the confidence and friendship of others, you must be a bit bad.
Bowfinger is a very intelligent comedy with great performances of his two stars.
Martin, who also wrote the script, is perfect as a moron with a conscience and Eddie Murphy makes his best "Peter Sellers" in two different but just as hilarious roles; one like a big moving star and theAnother like his brother as an employee of Ringard and Burger King.
The story follows aging and the defaulting director / producer Bobby Bowfinger while he is trying the last attempt to become a respected member of his field by creating a B-Action film entitled Chubby Rain.
In order to attract actors and crew members, Bowfinger promises them that the actor Hot Shot Kit Ramsey will play in the film.
The only problem is that kit refuses to be in it.
But that will not stop the aggressive bowfinger.
He is so determined to finish his film that he decides to put kit in without even telling him.
He has his approach kit of the actors in the streets of Los Angeles in a character with a hidden camera that films the images.
Will Bowfinger make his film?
Or will Ramsey Kit discover what is going on exactly?
Bowfinger is a very caricatured film that makes fun of Hollywood and its famous residents while simultaneously holding a very solid story.
The only area that really lacks the film is the department of Camée.
This is the kind of film whose cameos are all, it is always funny to see actors / directors / producers make fun of themselves or colleagues, especially in a fun film like this.
Besides the very repetitive and superfluous end, Bowfinger is a joy to look at.
If you take a film like this seriously, you will never appreciate it.
If you accept the incredulous plot and extreme caricatures of real entertainment figurines, the film is very fun.