Men in black are an explosive mixture of science fiction, action and comedy that reaches the target in all possible ways.
Although another extraterrestrial film, Men in Black succeeds in any way of independence, and towers above many other films of this type.
The brilliant game, especially by Tommy Lee Jones as an agent Kay, is also as good as possible.
Director Barry Sonnenfeld, who was behind the camera for the films of the Addams and Get Shorty family, designed a masterpiece.
The story behind men in black is just as interesting as you would like.
Men in black, or MIB, are a top secret government agency which is not known.
The MIB is responsible for "saving the world of the foam of the universe".
A good work, indeed.
The film opens with a truck of illegal foreigners (the human race) transported through the border of Mexico and in the United States.
Presumably, these "extraterrestrials" are all migrant workers.
In other words, until the MIB appears and begins to question them.
Agent Kay selects a particular suspicious worker and keeps him away from other local authorities to discover that he is not an illegal human foreigner, but a real extraterrestrial extraterrestrial.
When the foreigner makes a race for this, the Kay agent is forced to eliminate the foreigner with one of the very unique weapons of the MIB, and after one of the local agents of the application of the laws, he isWitness of this bizarre event, the Kay agent is forced to use another very unique unique device.
The device, described as "outside the state", eliminates the memory of anyone on which it is used.
> From here, we are presented to James Edwards, very well played by Will Smith.
Edwards, a police officer, is continuing a criminal on the run.
The criminal makes a very good pursuit, and at some point, when Edwards confronts him, the criminal draws a very different weapon which has disintegrated when she touched the ground.
Edwards continues to continue the very athletic criminal at the top of a building, where the criminal informs Edwards that he must let him go, because someone is looking for it.
Edwards does not take this seriously, but when the criminal shows very non -human characteristics and jumps from the building, he begins to wonder.
Back at the police station, Agent Kay arises to ask Edwards a few questions.
He informs Edwards who was, in fact, a non-human that he was pursuing, and that the pistol he withdrew was certainly not artificial.
He identified Edwards and asked Edwards to come to the MIB headquarters the next day.
Edwards arrives and finds that he is involved in a recruitment process, as well as various other men who seem a little more qualified than him.
After going around for half the time, Edwards does a show on the shooting field, and agent Kay notes the reason why Edwards should be the man to join the MIB: he hunted the"Criminal" on foot, which is something that no one is supposed to be able to do.
In the meantime, a New York farm in the north of the state has a very narrow meeting.
Edgar (Vincent d'Onofrio), owner of the farm, investigation into a strange landing and is attacked by the resident of the flying object, which supposes jump inside Edgar and use his body as transporthuman.
The "bug", as it is called, is an intergalactic terrorist who came to earth to try to kill two ambassadors.
And at Mib, with the newly recruited agent Jay (formerly James Edwards) to exterminate the bug and save the planet from the intergalactic war.
Men in black delightly combines a rapid action with an often hilarious comedy, which is generally Will Smith, although Tommy Lee Jones opens his comic personality in this film.
The special effects are also very well done and are not the whole source of the plot, as in another great extraterrestrial film last summer.
Scriptwriter Ed Solomon, writer of Super Mario Bros.
And the next X-Men movie, surely st Ruck Gold with this story.
All ages will appreciate men in black.
It is an extremely fun film that you will want to see again.
Although it lasts 96 very fast and fast minutes, the whole film from start to finish is an adventure constantly.
The end of the film, which links some loose ends for one of the main characters, is also very well done.
A sequel is already planned, so there is no longer to be hoped for!