A welcome cinematographic trend in the past two years has been to make Shakespeare's works more accessible to the younger public which are the vast majority of moviegoers by contemplating the bard and modifying the parameters to a familiar environment.
An excellent example of this is the 10 things I hate in your home in 1999, which was essentially the taming of the Musagaine in a high school.
Last year, Hamlet's adaptation with Ethan Hawke is less from the apparent heir to Denmark Corp.ici, the framework was the New York business world.
Now comes a faithful story of one of the most tragic tragic of Shakespeare's tragedies.
Like 10 things I hate in your home, the scene is a high school - a private preparatory school where Odin James (Mekhi Phifer) is the general on the field, the player's outside the basketball team.
Julia Stiles, presented in 10 things that I hate about you as well as in Ophelia in Hamlet de Hawke, plays Desi Bable, Odin's girlfriend, whose father is also dean of the institution.
Josh Hartnett (Pearl Harbor) is on site for wickedness, playing the intriguing Hugo, which puts the tragic wheels in motion.
O was filmed a few years ago, but was put aside because of the tragedy of the High School Columbine.
The film, directed by Tim Blake Nelson - best known for his role as co -date in O brother, where art Thou?
- And written by Brad Kaaya, is very dark.
An air of tragedy grants it from the opening scene to fence credits.
And that's how it should be.
Of all Shakespeare's tragedies, Othello is the most painful, not because of any number of bodies, but because of the psychological ravages provided by Iago, whose motivation in the pleasure of his betrayal.
Kaaya's profane script - After all, they are high school students - offers Hugo a kind of subtle pattern.
The young man considers himself the first basketball service man who does a little of everything - pass, shoot, bounce - but is constantly in the shadow of Odin.
In addition, his father, the team's coach - played with fierce intensity by Martin Sheen - showers more love and concern about his star player than on his own flesh and blood.
The script follows the familiar lines of the classic.
Hugo is starting to drop clues to Odin concerning Desi's loyalty, eroding the star's confidence in those he considers closest to him, affecting both his relationships and his game.
It all ends with blood, of course, which is why the film was originally put aside.
O performance varies.
Phifer is first arrogant and self -confident, the emotions that he manages easily.
He also quite well displays the darker side of Odin; his defensive sensitivity about being the only black of the institution, his growing distrust of those he loved, his rage and the erosion of his belief system.
Hartnett is cool and Machiavellian as he weaves his fatal network of lies and deceptions, to return a friend against a friend and lover against the lover.
Stiles seems a little stilted, but sometimes also on occasion, moving from worship to confusion to the fear of his young knight.
The film contains a few missteps: a secondary intrigue involving the flight of the Hugo school mascot remains suspended.
The actions of Desi concerning Michael (Andrew Keegan), the former teammate of Odin and best friend who was launched from the team because of one of Hugo's machinations, is confusing.
Why she would be continuously seen with Michael - so innocent the circumstances - when she knows that her man suspects the two of the cheater behind her back.
It's irrational.
But they are minor carpages.
Overall, o is an elegant and faithful adaptation.
If nothing else can encourage some people to read the original text, which will counterbalance the seriousness of this functionality.