I want to correct what I wrote in an old retrospective of the war image of David Lean.
I still think that it does not deserve to be number 13 on the list of the American Film Institute of the 100 biggest American films.
And I think that the "12 Angry Men" of Lumet, the "witness for the accusation" of Wilder and the "paths of glory" of Kubrick would have been of better choices for the best Oscar in 1958.
But I cannot deny the importance of "The Bridge on the River Kwai" - cinematographically and in its content.
The film takes place in Burma in 1943.
A battalion of British soldiers in Japanese war captivity is forced by the Japanese to build a strategically important rail bridge over the Kwai river.
But the British commander, Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness), insists - corresponding to the Conventions of Geneva - that his officers do not need to work as simple workers.
Hurry up hard, Col.nicholson forces the Japanese commander, Col.Saito (Sessue Hayakawa), to give in in this regard.
Then Col.nicholson is assiduously committed to the construction of the bridge.
He considers that it is an opportunity to raise the morale of his men, and he wants to prove British capacities superior to the Japanese.
But the British high command sends some soldiers who will destroy the bridge, including American shears (William Holden) - an escape from the Japanese prison camp - and the British major (Jack Hawkins) ...
A defect in the image is the cliché of characterization of the Japanese people.
They are presented as if they were intellectually lower than the British - as if the Japanese were unable to build a bridge.
And the film does not constantly question the military spirit as Kubrick does in "Paths of Glory".
Lean seems rather fascinated by military hierarchies.
This is also noticeable in conversations between Col.nicholson and Col.Saito.
In this regard, it is symptomatic that Shears, who doubts military logic, is in a way an unpleasant person in the film.
The public is supposed to applaud col. The perseverance of Nicholson concerning the question whether or not his officers work on the bridge.
Spectators are supposed to neglect the risks col.nicholson takes for his men.
 (The intrigue bypasses these risks.)
This means that the image is not perfect.
But it also has a lot of virtues.
It shows the "madness" of war and what war can produce in the minds of people.
He shows how Col.nicholson becomes possessed by the idea of being a hero and that others (like shears) obtain cynics.
And "The Bridge on the River Kwai" is an interesting study of the characters with confronted interests.
These points and the sometimes ironic dialogue make this film an anti-war film (despite the inconsistencies in the treatment of this theme).
The efficient and atmospheric direction of David Lean creates a high suspense, especially in the dramatic confrontation (but not completely plausible).
Alec Guinness does a magnificent job to bring the Col.nicholson to life and by making such an interesting character.
The other players also offer very good performance.
The fine color cinematography of Jack Hildyard and the APT score are also useful.
I like this extraordinary film despite its weaknesses.
 (c) Karl Rackwitz (Klein K? Ris, Germany, 1999)