Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) and the rest of the crew of the U.S.S.
Enterprise is back for his third release in the ninth film based on the 1960s series, Star Trek.
Finished Kirk, Spock and McCoy and in their wake in the very capable and very talented casting of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
As usual, a crisis is preparing and it belongs to the crew of the company to become the galaxy again.
This time, the Federation of the United Planets and an extraterrestrial race led by F.murray Abraham tries to move certain settlers from a planet against the will of the colon.
It turns out that this planet is the fountain of youth and the federation and their extraterrestrial friends who should be used for the good of everyone and not only a few hundred settlers.
Of course, Picard believes that this kind of betrayal is false, so he disobeys direct orders and promises to help protect the colonists.
The insurrection is a lighter film than the last two Star Trek films.
The film focuses on the noble question of whether the rights of society as a whole prevail over the rights of a small group.
In this regard, he returns to the roots of Star Trek by disguising social comments as well as science fiction.
He does not do bad work, apart from he tries to inject too much humor into the scenario.
Many jokes are your typical jokes inside Star Trek-Fan only, while many others fall flat.
The other critic I had with history was that she ignores common sense.
There are only a few hundred people on all this planet, why should they be moved?
The explanation is that the planet must be bombed with deadly radiation so that this effect of fountain of young people is strong enough to help heal F. The extraterrestrials of Murray Abraham which have only a few dozen.
So, the basic story is bad enough in the fact that we have a few hundred start -ups for a few billion, at least it is plausible.
But in reality, we have a few hundred who are moved for the advantages of a few tens, which has no sense.
The other small hiccups in logic is the inclusion of Worf (Michael Dorn), the faithful Klingon.
Worf was on Star Trek: the next generation, so they want to include it in the movies.
No problem so far.
Worf is now a star Trek character: Deep Space Nine, so writers must find a way to make it appear.
In Star Trek's latest film, First Contact, The Inclusive Worf in a credible way, in this one, the writers are so lazy that the Gloss completely about the reason why he is even in the film.
The little explanation they give is so small that you would have missed it if you were not hanging on each word on the screen.
My minor problems with the film apart, Star Trek: Insurrection has an overwhelming number of good points compared to its bad.
While many jokes are missing the brand, many are good enough, even for non-trekks.
The special effects are among the best for the Star Trek series.
The action is abundant and well done.
This is a very beautiful film.
This should not surprise anyone who has ever watched Star Trek: the next generation that the game is first rate.
It is very obvious that these actors have been working together for more than a decade.
They interact with each other with a skill that a few other overall casts can bring together.
Most Star Trek fans will probably not be disappointed with this last film in the series.
If you still hate Star Trek, there is nothing here that will change your mind.
Star Trek: The insurrection is not the best film in the series, but it is good enough to dissipate the long -standing tradition of strange films in the series being much lower than numbered people.