All the big things end, and the era of the comment points embodies this perfectly.
Under a mound of bankruptcy paperwork is the remains of an old darling dot-com, the company Kozmo.com,
An online convenience store filled with ice cream, porn videos and other basic necessities of an urban resident, all delivered by hand by couriers in an hour.
Designed in 1997 by two college roommates - Joseph Parks, a 27 -year -old Goldman Sachs banker, and Yong Kang - Kozmo has ignited three short years, raising more than $ 280 million in funding capital funding and coming fromPartnerships with large wigs such as Starbucks Etamazon.com.
In December 1999, the company had 4,000 employees in 11 cities, its CEO barring the park attracting all kinds of media attention.
The company was planned for an IPO in May 2000 ...
Until April 14, 2000, the day the stock market took its first dive, ending the Internet era.
On April 13, 2001, Kozmo had no money and stopped operations.
Unlike the similar and similar documentary startup.com, which told the rise and the fall of another dot-com, Govworks, e-dreams focuses both on its original founders, in particular the park, andOn ordinary people who have managed daily operations.
The contrast is incredible, showing how a cult character can convince anyone that an idea is the next great thing.
The director of the film, Wonsuk Chin (too tired to die), juxtaposes with experts the meetings of higher management companies with interviews on the point with the messengers of bicycle, the directors general and the ground staff who kept Kozmo Humming.
The images of the film give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional advantage to its ultimate disappearance.
The most satisfactory part of the film is understanding, to a certain extent, the expectations of many CEOs commanding these titanic companies.
In the latest film interviews with Park, we learn what's going on when driving money and donors do not refer telephone calls.
In the end, the name of the game was a profit, and if you could not earn money, even the Dreamers obtained the ax.
Screened at the 24th Annual Mill Valley Film Festival.