The great thrillers of the courtroom have always captured America.
oj
Simpson, Tom Capano, the Menendez brothers.
All these names are synonymous with Americans and audience rooms.
And, of course, audience dramas are not a new subject in Hollywood.
Whether the exciting novels of John Grisham or the famous television dramas, the courtroom has always provided large dollars.
So, when I rented a civil action, I expected the film to be like the Rainmaker, a brilliant film of law that maintained viewers on the edge of their headquarters.
However, what I saw in a civil action was very different from what I expected, a major surprise, but fortunately, pleasant.
John Travolta always seems to grow when you expect the least.
No one expected him to light the screen in fat, nor in the Saturday evening fever.
But, whenever he is overturned, he always seems to come back by fighting.
Civil action is not John's best performance, but a strong that could compete with any performance in 1998.
Travolta proves that a normal and credible performance can pass a film in Oscar nominations.
Its performance is not flashy or memorable, just solid.
If he delivered the only solid performance, this film would always be average.
Fortunately, it has a strong distribution of support.
William H.MACY is probably one of the most underestimated players in Hollywood.
He continues to deliver great performance one after the other, but he is still considered a secondary player.
In a civil action, it offers another great performance as a paranoid accountant eager for Travolta.
He is not an adorable character, but a character who stands out in your mind whenever you think of the film.
He is not one of the great lawyers, just a meager accountant.
But, it offers one of the best support roles of 1998, but there is in fact someone better in civil action.
Robert Duvall is also an underestimated actor.
He obtains many leading roles, but is never heard when you hear about large box office prints like Tom Hanks, Brad Pitt and Jim Carrey.
Duvall has a support role in this as a co-defender lawyer.
Duvall is magical in this role.
He is the wise professor, who not only the fight in the courtroom, but also manages to teach each major player a lesson, in his own way.
In many non -comedic films, directors always try to find a way to implement a touch of comedy, to keep the audience on their guard.
Unfortunately, they are generally done on a character whose main objective is to be funny (binks jar-jar, anyone?).
However, this generally turns because the character is never fully developed.
This is not the case in civil action.
They have a comedy from all sides.
Whether it is a stupid Duvall or Macy anger questions, laughs come at a regular rate.
Admittedly, it does not drive in the funny driveway, but it offers a good addition to the film.
The plot is great - a little.
The configuration is good with the film starting with a victory in the courtroom.
Then, the case that will or surge the career of Jan (Travolta) stands his ugly head.
They discover the gold mine involved in the case and end up taking it.
However, leg budgets and Jan find themselves in a deep debt.
I will not spoil the rest, even if I have to talk about that of the film.
Hearing debates are great, but the real problem for which they are fighting is never fully explored.
It left me a little confused, although the rest of the film is great.
Overall, John Travolta is back in this great film.
Its support cast, made up of Macy and Duvall, transforms into enormous performance, which facilitate the load on Travolta.
The film is intelligent, full of mind and stimulating.
Not only does he assess the battles in the field, but also the different tolls he can make on the main actors.
A civil action provides a whole theater lover.