Hedwig and The Angry Inch (2001) John Cameron Mitchell, Miriam Shor, Stephen Trask, Michael Pitt, Theodore Liscinski, Michael Aronov, Andrea Martin, Maurice Dean Wint, Ben Mayer-Goodman.
Animation of Emily Hubley.
Adapted from John Cameron Mitchell's stage play and Stephen Trask.
Music and words by Stephn Trask.
Written and directed by John Cameron Mitchell.
91 minutes.
Classified r, stars)
If "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" was released in the 1970s, just after "Ziggy Stardust" by David Bowie, he would probably now be considered one of the most popular rock musicals of all time.
Released in Canal 500, Sensory Overload World in 2001, however, the big screen adaptation of the acclaimed off-breadway musical must fight with countless other productions demanding attention.
I almost missed it.
Each month of August, the big studios try to tighten the last dollars of summer moviegoers by throwing all their more trembling offers on the market at the same time.
I was so busy trying to follow the national outings like "Summer Catch" and "Bubble Boy" that I spent on any independent film which seemed that it would only have a short local race.
But an email of a reader asking me why I had not examined the film prompted me to make a trip at the end of the evening at the theater.
Thank goodness for readers like him.
 "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" is a spectacular glam-rock that folds the genre filled with large songs.
Stylistically, the pieces loaded with hooks recall Bowie, "Bat Out of Hell" Era Meatloaf and "The Rocky Horror Show", without ever looking like imitations.
As with "Tommy", "Hedwig" tells a story of isolation, pain and challenge, but without the swollen sensation of this beloved rock opera, but overrated.
The writer-director-Etoile John Cameron Mitchell and the composer-Lyricist Stephen Trask designed a real winner.
Mitchell plays the role of Hedwig, a singer of East Berlin on the tour of a chain of U.S. Cafés with his Pan-Slavic group, The Angry Inch.
While the customers of dilapidated restaurants are looking in shock, and sometimes horror, Hedwig boldly tells the sad story of his life in Song.
She was once a boy named Hansel (Ben Mayer-Goodman), living with his mother (Alberta Watson) and listening to rock and roll on the radio of the American armed forces.
Life is a duality exercise for Hansel.
A wall divides his hometown into two parts.
Mother describes love as the emotion that comes when you find your other half.
As Hansel grows, duality becomes more pronounced.
After initially confused comfort with a girl, a GI of the United States (Maurice Dean Wint) falls in love with Hansel and wants to marry her.
Alas, Hansel will never pass the compulsory physique.
Mother usefully suggests a change of sex, but the operation is bad, hence the references to "The Angry Inch" (yes, I know that this part is inductor, but stay with me - it is worth it).
Several years later, Mr. On the right, he has left for a long time and Hansel became Hedwig, adorned with a Fawcett style wig and which was heading for a group made up of Korean women.
Hedwig finds a new love in Tommy (Michael Pitt), a beatific boy with a unique vision of Christianity.
But Tommy hurts Hedwig, flying his songs and becoming a superstar.
Cut in the present.
The Tommy Gnosis stadium tour is booming and Hedwig pursues it.
Despite the warnings of her manager (Andrea Martin) that she could easily be labeled as harasser, Hegwig and her new group, The Angry Inch, continue their coffee tour, shading the thief playing in the city in which he is located.
If it looks like a bizarre premise for a rock musical, take a few seconds and consider the intrigues of "Tommy" and "Rocky Horror".
As Hedwig, John Cameron Mitchell does a magnificent job to take a character who could have simply been a caricature or an icon and transform it into a convincing human being.
Mitchell has a world class style and a vocal chor DS to match.
Even if the background is unusually strong, Mitchell never forgets that production is first and foremost a rock musical.
Everything is propelled by a great song after the other and, believe me, these are full rock songs, not the too transformed stuffed animals that pass for rock in most musicals.
While Mitchell remains at the center of the scene throughout the film, there is a lot of interest on the touch.
Miriam Shor does a good job as Yitzhak, the lover and group comrade of Hedwig, transmitting a lot through single expressions.
Adorned with a bandana and a surprisingly convincing beard, she makes a very attractive man.
As always, the veteran of "SCTV" Andrea Martin is a welcome presence on the screen and Michael Pitt is attractive as Tommy, the little angelic rat.
The artist Emily Hubley adds to magic with a chain of animated sequences Dandy who charms the eye while emphasizing the central themes of the musical.
 "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" surrounds a strange, funny and touching story with a series of songs with direct elimination interpreted by an exceptional cast.
The real originals do not come very often? Do not let it come out of the city without seeing it.