The computer -driven comedy "Shrek" is designed to be appreciated at different levels by different groups.
For children, it offers imaginative visuals, new attractive new characters mixed with a multitude of familiar faces, lots of action and a dam of big laughs (including many gags linked to body functions and tearing substances, apparently arequired in contemporary family films).
For adults, it is a fractured fairy tale filled with coarse jokes that will sail on the heads of children.
Overall, "Shrek" is a catchy stroll, although there are a few points that I found disturbing.
But first the basics.
Based very freely on a story for children from 1990, "Shrek" follows several important days in the life of the title character, a round green ogre expressed by Mike Myers in this pleasant Scottish accent that he likes to use so much.
Shrek is a grumpy guy living a lonely life deep in the marsh, until a local nobleman disturbs his peace.
The little tyrant Lord Farquaad (remove the "AWK" in the middle and you have the basis of a chain of rolled liners) has the earth on which Shrek resides.
He processes the Ogre Court into an Ellis Island for the characters of stories when he banished the fanciful beings of his castle.
Consequently, Shrek finds himself surrounded by legends like the three blind mice, Pinocchio, the Big Bad Wolf, the Seven Dwarfs and the Three Bear, to name just a few.
An enraged shrek goes to the castle, to find Farquaad (John Lithgow) ready to negotiate.
Lord Oppte wants to become a king and the magic mirror of "Snow White" showed him the way.
All he has to do is save a young lady in distress and make her his wife.
The Mirror unveils three choices in a presentation straight out of "The Dating Game" (when Snow White is shown, the cheeky advertiser associates ", even if it lives with seven men, it is not easy!"))
Farquaad selects the charming Princess Fiona (Cameron Diaz) and offers Shrek a case: if the Fiona tears from the lava castle protected by the dragon, the Lord will allow lava will allow lava to lava will allow lavaTo allow the Lord will allow the lava will allow the Lava Laval Laval Laval Fairy Punite to return to his ground.
Shrek accepts and leaves reluctantly in his quest, accompanied by an engine donkey (Eddie Murphy) determined to make grumpy green his best friend.
They finally connect with the princess, only to learn that she is not the helpless girl they expected to meet.
For the question, the Dragon also offers some surprises.
The film refers to many other films, from "Babe" ("it's going to do, Donkey.
It will make ") to" the graduate. "
But the part of the Lion of jokes is at the expense of the wonderful world of Disney.
The characters in the public domain transformed into icons of various Disney films have their successes? Pinocchio is called a "possessed toy" and when Shrek spies a sleeping snow white in his cabin, he blows, "Get this death of the table!"
 ? But the greatest slams come when Shrek visits the royal home of Farquaad, which is closely like a certain magic kingdom, its souvenir stands and its Fileun Petit World lines.""
Which brings me to a disturbing number one point.
I laughed in all the Disney strokes, but I found the mentality behind them a little sad.
The acrimony between the Honcho de DreamWorks Jeff Katzenberg and Disney Big Wheel Michael Eisner is well known.
For years, the two companies have tried to sabotage the releases of films and videos of the other by publishing similar competing productions on the same day.
And now we have Katzenberg using a whole film to attack his former employer.
Here is a suggestion for the two boys: grow!
Put the past behind you!
There is room in the sandbox for both of you and if you Farquaad cannot play well, then go to your rooms!
batch Its area that I found disturbing came in the representation of Lord Farquaad.
Beyond all the irreverence, "Shrek" actually has a message: people should learn to look beyond physical appearances, because real beauty lies inside.
It is a beautiful notion, but the film betrays its own morality by constantly taking cheap blows at the small stature of Farquaad.
Do we really need a family film to reinforce the idea that short people laugh is acceptable?
The pompous and selfish behavior of Farquaad is enough to make him a target for the Zingers.
The addition of short jokes is simply nasty.
However, "Shrek" is a good time.
Computer animation is especially impressive (although several key characters look like animated rubber greenhouse toys and human movements are often jerky), vocal work is strong (especially Eddie Murphy), the laughs comeQuick and furious, and the morale, contaminated that it can be, is good.
Trotting a shot?, "Shrek" is fun for all ages.
Parents, however, should remind their young people during the return home that taunt others because they are short, large, lean, fatty, etc. is a bad thing.