If you have already traveled my college comedy journal "Another year in the life of a Nerd" (I never lack cheap traffic jams), you know that I have not understood my roommate of the first semester too well.
In fact, during the three -week period between Thanksgiving and the Christmas holidays, I told him a total of four sentences.
So, when I saw in the list of cables of the Hall residence a film called Cloodmates, I considered 90 minutes of conflict between a few young adults of bickering trapped in a dormitory of 10 x 13 feet.
Then I saw that the star of the roommates is Peter Falk.
scrape this idea.
But I always say that someone should film the story of two university roommates whose relationship is far from ideal.
Of course, in my case, it would be a silent image.
Even without the college element, I have always decided to look at roommates because I had absolutely nothing to do, unless you intend to study for the final exams (and who does it?).
I'm happy to have done it.
Peter Falk's performance was actually what made the film.
And he is a guy whom I never considered a real actor, more like someone who has gone around in a trench in resolution of prescribed mysteries.
Falk pleasantly surprised me here, permanently winning my respect, so all the fans "Columbo" who think I live to insult the guy can just make Falk.
Falk plays Rocky, a 107-year-old Polish baker who raises his grandson after the death of the two parents of the child.
The film begins with the death of the mother and the son moved in with her grandparents.
After a couple that stops along the son's trip to virility, the roommates progress to the present day, with the grandson a surgeon and Rocky in a condemned house that he refuses to leave.
The surgeon reluctantly offers the only possible solution - Rocky will have to move at his home, the basement of a building rented by a group of Chinese students ("Communists!").
The film extends over nine years of the Rocky relationship with its grandson, and the tests posed when the grandson meets and falls in love with - Gasp - a woman, and begins to spend all her time with her.
Thus, in the absence of his grandson, Rocky transforms his activities to professional boxing, carrying out the world title of heavy goods vehicles in a culminating fight with Apollo Creed ...
Or do I once again confuse plots of films?
The roommates have an almost epic feeling, covering several generations of a family with an idiot immigrant who refuses to die.
Death, however, strikes the door of almost all the other major characters in the film.
The roommates have about as many victims as the first Halloween.
The number cannot be counted on the one hand, unless you are of course the victim of a hideous genetic mutation.
And you can probably guess who says goodbye to planet Earth at the end of the film (no, not Duran Duran).
I will not go out and I will say it.
Instead, I'm just going to sit here and buzz "Eye of the Tiger" until each of you understands it.
The roommates play on all major emotions.
He knows when you laugh and when you cry.
The films that can perfectly mix comedy and drama are always successes with the public, even if it has bombed in theaters.
My point?
There is no absolute.
Or, another possible point, Peter Falk is simply not such a large box office draw.
Anyway, it's always a good film and you should give it a chance as I did, whether you hate your roommate or not.