Oh my God how many lawyers for John Grisham with which we have been mounded!
In a perfect world, "a civil action" would be a breath of fresh air.
It is cynical about lawyers in a way that Grisham is not.
It is romantic in the opposite way of a Grisham book / film is not.
And, the Capup, it has no separate end, and the law in Hollywood films is that, above all, you must have an end.
Even if it is based on a true story, a true story that has not yet ended, you have to provide an end, a false, but an end nevertheless.
Hell, "a civil action" is even more devious and more spiritual than any work by Grisham united (and which includes "the company", the only novel which will never be considered a classic).
However, it is also strange and slightly unsatisfactory.
weird .
It is, in fact, a film by Steve Zallian, not only the work of a hack, and Zallian is the director of the "search for Bobby Fischer" as admired "(did not see it) and null writerother than "Schindler'sist.""
In short, I like this guy and I am an aspirant for the way he tells his stories.
After all, apart from the evidence of it’s-a-holocaust-film and it's-a-spielberg-film, is not "Schindler's list" just a sacred brilliant film, not so much a Holocaust film that'A wonderful character study.
 "A civil action" is in the same way: his story is divided between being a lawyer film and being a character study.
And this is where the film seems to be a little wrong.
The main complaint of this film is that even if, yes, it is a captivating lawyer, it has no real end, and it is not necessarily the problem with the film.
It's that it's just a little satisfactory.
If it was a great film, it would feel complete and always end essentially in the same way.
But this film simply seems to end, and I do not want to be stupid and suggest that an alternative end should be nailed: imagine, if you want, to be one of those in the film, waiting for this film, then to discover thatThe truth has crossed a surreal and unpleasant Hollywood filter, just so that many do not feel what is, essentially, authentic.
But the fact that it ends is not, in any reality, what is wrong.
It is rather that Zallian chose, during the last half hour, to adopt the history of the traditional lawyer, and chose the other part of his history, that of the lawyer, a Jan Schlictman (John Travolta), which is shown in the opening and mostly in the longlaest film like a heartless but brilliant, shiny because it is manipulative and always wins.
He wants to do everything about Jan at the end, but the truth is that his change, although well done, is not full.
We see him suffer from a personal crisis, and Travolta does a very good job by describing his change of heart, but in the end, we do not fully believe it.
And I think that the problem is that when it made its decision, the film chooses a strange angle to go, a nobleman, but which gives the conclusion of the film that of incompleteness.
In the opening of the film, we see him doing his old schtick, manipulating the courts, winning cases effortlessly, then discussing a radio interview heard how great he is in his work and how much he cares abouthis cases.
In short, it is full of bullshit and we know it.
In the film, it takes a case that is hardly desired: a city where many of the children mysteriously died from Lukemia and the source of the disease seems to come from a local factory which may or may not dump waste in the river.
The first point is not usual criteria (Jan underlines, badly, that children who died or injured are not as sympathetic as those who were struck in the middle of their success).
Second point, he crossed several lawyers.
After having refused them, Jan changes his mind (a confused scene - he stops his car on a bridge, look .... he felt G A feeling of over-Mal?), And he and his team of lawyers (Tony Shalhoub, Zeljko Ivanek and the accountant William H. Macy) go to town to fight with the city company.
They spend millions of dollars to examine the land, test the water, what have you (this is where Stephen Fry, a possible native to the Oscars for his brilliant performance in "Wilde", appears tirelessly), andPending the parents of the parents of the dead people who died, then, without success, the workers of the factory.
They also find themselves faced with a brilliant lawyer for the company, the eccentric Jerome Facher, played by Robert Duvall (more on him later).
As we progress, we get so involved in the way history is told, which swallows everything around it, including the individual and brief stories of some of the cities (one of the bestis a bit with James Gandolfini as an employee of the Usine living opposite Kathleen Quinland, who lost her child, who begins to have a personal crisis).
Things are starting to descend for lawyers in the second half, because they are against impossible chances: the judge (John Lithgow) is not only a strickler, but a friend to get fucked; the factory employees are afraid or arefaithful to testify; no concrete evidence is found, exceeds the money spent to find it; and they quickly lack money.
While Macy Mortotheges everything he can, including their houses and office, slowly loses his mental health (his most meat role since, oh, "fargo"), and we, the public, are starting to feel atrue loss of hope for our protagonist.
In fact, the last half hour is such a change compared to the rest of the film and if not resolved that it was largely turned as not being up to the task (Owen Gleiberman, in particular, criticized the film not tonot be too dramatic ...
Suppose like a novel by Grisham).
This would not be the case if the change in January had not been treated as it is: instead of having a change of heart and being automatically perceived as good, it is considered as always full of bullshit.
Because he does not take stock in the concerns of his partners and makes them all lose their money and Notteriay in the domain of the lawyer because he wants to help the inhabitants of the city, he is rather considered to be to beGood nature but passing how to bring it out.
The last half is trying to buy this, as it was to be the point of doing this in Zallian's mind, but the following is a series of scenes where we just see him doing personal stands for his beliefs, and althoughHe has changed considerably the opening of moments when he saw the Germans of the city who wish to employ him (and thus receive two speed tickets), we always think that the big change in his life is that heis not richer and estimated (the final title card of the film is spirit of mind but in any superficial reality).
The fault is not that there is no closure in the case of the court (it always happens, you know), but that his personal story has the impression of needing another chapteror another angle in the last.
We must feel that the character has really made a big change in his life, and that the story is how a story of conflicts like that of the city could inspire such a change in his personal life.
It only looks like half this.
Maybe even less.
And it is not Travolta, which does an excellent job here (although never to be a really memorable performance), but rather Zallian, the last chapter in need of rewriting.
Until that time, however, it is a captivating drama, one of the best of the year in fact, and one of the best lawyer films, the end.
The reason is because it recognizes that a judicial trial does not concern those who are defended or prosecuted, but rather the lawyers, the knights who fight.
We learn that the company is almost positive to blame for the dead in the city, but th The reason why he cannot be blamed is because he has the best prosecution you can find.
And Duvall's farting is such a brilliant character and he does such a magnificent job to portray this man that he is almost easy to neglect how subtle he is.
Fache is considered an elderly man, an awkward eccentric, wearing a broken brown bag with stickers on it, eating lunches from paper bags and making a point to take the time of his day to listen to the radio and rumbleAnyone who interrupts.
But look more deeply and you see a master at work: its diabolical and manipulative nature is hidden under the eccentricities that others put on it, and it is difficult to generalize it clearly in any way.
This is why I liked this film: it is difficult to put a pointer.
You can never see exactly where this film will land, and even when the credits roll, you still do not know what to do with it.
Call this the Zallian effect.
The same thing happened with the "Schindler list" (not that I compare Oskar Schindler to Jan Schlictman).
Each film is so designed that you cannot help but get involved in its large narration, its interesting characters and, more particularly, the spirit that accompanies it.
If only it was completely complete (like, let's say, "the schindler's list", although this stage, it can be unfair to make comparisons between the two), it could have been one of the best films inThe year, and with this, a puff full of fresh air.