Mickey Mouse would better monitor his back - there is a new creature in town, and he is the nameless animal attraction of "Mouse Hunt", DreamWorks Skg's Intelligent First in First In Family Fare.
Although it runs out of steam towards its end, this live comedy still offers enough slapsticks and inventive energized decorations for the best uncommon Disney catalog in 1997 and focused on children ...
But consider that this list includes dismal guts like "Air Bud", "Flubber" and "That Darn Cat", and it is really not such a difficult feat to withdraw.
However, throw the two rodents in a boxing arena, and I will hope that the mouse of "Mouse Hunt" gives up Mickey.
Nathan Lane (the significant other of Robin Williams of "The Birdcage") and Lee Evans (for the last time like a nervous bell in "The Fifth Element") play Ernie and Lars Smuntz, destroyed the brothers who have just inheritedTwo unwanted active ingredients from their late father father (William Hickey, in his last role) - an old dilapidated factory and an old dilapidated manor.
Although Lars made a promise of a deathbed to maintain the first, he and Ernie decide to sell the latter for big dollars after learning that he was designed by a famous architect.
But there is a lonely obstacle in their own way - a single mouse lives in the walls of the house, and he is not about to abandon his place of residence without a fight.
Films for young people are rarely so visually exquisite.
The effects mixing talents of 60 years of live mouse, an animatronic mouse and a mouse generated by computer are quite transparent.
The splendid conception of production seems to be straight out of Tim Burton's mind; Smuntz's architectural manor is like something straight out of "The Nightmare Before Christmas", and the vortex of bizarre machines in their factory looks likeTo some of the deformed devices of Vincent Price from "Edward Scissorhands".
 "Mouse Hunt" is a fairly dark film - even a part of humor can be dark - but it is almost never measureable.
The show star is neither the top of the top to be nor the holder mouse.
He is the British actor tasty Evans, whose hysterical bustodies suggest a cleaned jim that is cleaned without the odious outcry (note an impromptu and nevertheless scandalous stripper); Evans' jokes with the constantly affected path are also thingsFunny, and stands against the more flashy physical shtick of the film.
Vicki Lewis (Beth of "Newsradio") is solid in a supporting role as a wife of Lars.
And in a clever piece of novelty casting, Christopher Walken is a macabre delight as a scary exterminator that takes his work a little too seriously, bringing in his mouth and noting to his tape recorder that the mouse has a "Calcium deficiency ".
Blech.
An idea fundamentally in a joke - a mouse thwarts some clumsy humans - receives a rather engaging execution.
Their fight is made with imagination (I do not think that I will never forget the sight of this tiny little mouse making its getaway on a hot and fuzzy union between the two parties is practically promised of the first frame they share.
 "Mouse Hunt" can take some time to start (the rather long configuration could test the patience of some of the youngest children, although I like it, a lot in part in Lane and Evans), and the culminating sequence is authorized forPlaying a little too long, but it seems to be a family film that most family members can find pleasant, a bit like the original "Home Alone".