Sam (Matthew Broderick) is an astronomer in a small American town and engaged to Professor Linda (Kelly Preston).
He's head on love and Lindas suddenly departure in New York to live with his new lover Anton (Tch? Ky Karyo) is a total surprise for him.
But as we all know, love is blind and Sam also leaves for New York to win it back.
He moved to an abandoned house in front of Anton's apartment and installs an obscura camera to look at them.
Suddenly, Anton's ex-maggie presents herself, but she does not want her former lover to come back.
On the contrary, everything she wants to do is vaporize him.
She can say that she does not want to kill him, but the possibility does not bother her too much either.
After all, people die every day.
Despite their different reasons, the two join forces and fall for each other as things go.
The story looks like something that we have all seen a million times.
But we didn't do it.
Griffin Dunne brings us the most charming comedy since "While You Where Sleeping".
The obscura camera adds a "special something" to the film and makes it an exceptional romantic comedy.
Everything about the film is perfect, from the design of the trunk to the casting.
The dialogues are inspired and the touches of black humor add a certain bite.
Meg Ryan, known to "When Harry met Sally" or "Sleepless in Seattle", surprise in a role that could finally help him get rid of his sweet little girl image.
She impresses the spectator as a daughter of a biker Manuinante.
Even more surprising is the fact that the spectator believes it, much more than in recent years "courage under fire" where she has played a Gulf war pilot.
Matthew Broderick is the Sam Goodnatured and somewhat naive who finds it difficult to accept reality.
The spectator can say that he does not look at the stars but also tries to reach out to them.
He has trouble staying in touch with reality.
After all, who would leave everything behind to continue a lost love?
His naïvet? That we do not question for a minute throughout the film, the clashes with the exaggerated magnifications desired of revenge.
She would do everything to harm Anton.
She does not hesitate to use Sam for her plan and makes her understand from the start that nothing will happen between the two.
This makes scenes when they innocently share a bed, have potato chips and watch the action on the other side of the street as an even funnier on Saturday evening on television.
Tch? Ky Karyo is perfect like Anton.
He is, well, repugnant.
That's all that there is to say about him.
You cannot really succeed in pity, even after all his misadventures.
He not only moved him away from Sam's bride, but he is also a French chief.
The worlds collide, i.
e.
The United States and France.
It can only be mistaken.
Even if the Maggia's revenge patterns are sometimes shocking, you just can't sympathize with a man who plays "I love you ... me me
No longer "on his headband.
Not everyone is captured by the French charm for which Linda and even Maggie fell for.
Sam is certainly not.
Too bad for Anton.
For him, things take a worse turn.
 "Addict To Love" is one of the most pleasant surprises of this year.