The long and illustrious career of Robin Williams, which included both forgetful turns like Mme.
Doubtfire and Flubber, were punctuated by the first prize of the actor's academy in 1998 for his role in Good Will Hunting.
It was his first really dramatic role since the death of the 1989 Dead poets, and the critical remarks were unanimously positive.
His next role, that of a pediatrician who died in what dreams can come, was unfortunately dull.
And so, after a six -year passage as a comic actor, proof of knowing whether Williams can cut it or not in the dramatic league came to patcher Adams.
Williams is the main character, Hunter "Patch" Adams, wearing scouring hair hair that is between the clear and the sharpness of dreams and the grotesque kindness of hunting.
We are introduced to Patch while going to a psychiatric establishment because of his suicidal trends.
It was to the institution, however, that he discovers a latent talent to refer to people.
He withdrew from the institution and enrolled in the medical college of the University of Virginia, where he notes that medical doctrine is a calculating and impersonal trade.
His attempts to inject humanity into the profession lead to several episodes of expulsion, and the film culminates with the appearance of patch in front of the State Medical Board.
The characters are well defined in a sense worthy of an Oscar.
Although the script does not work well as a story - there is little story to tell apart from the experiences of patch sketch length - the script greatly contributes to establishing the relationships of the characters.
At the school of medicine, Patch meets Truman Schiff (Daniel London), a stranger like him who savor the patch zest for humanity.
Both instantly become the best of friends, and it's easy to see why.
Monica Potter plays the romantic interest in Patch, a young woman who personifies the things that Patch hates the faculty of medicine.
For any reason, it is attracted to it, and although it has never been said, the public understands from an intrinsic point of view.
The script - based on the story of Hunter Adams - works well this way.
The rest of the distribution, Bob Gunton as a particularly bad teacher, is solid.
The director Tom Shadyac (liar of a liar) brings us in and out of the life of patch in a sound and intentional way; combined with the presence of Williams on the screen, the film rarely becomes boring.
The lack of objective of Patch Adams is its main gap, and during the ninety minutes over two hours, there is little feeling of continuity or passage of time.
Nevertheless, it is an emotionally moving image, and Patch Adams seems to be one of the most memorable of the holiday season.
He succeeds in everything he tries and only fails to try that he does not try first.
Overall, there may be another Oscar appointment here for Williams, but more importantly, it is entertainment for the whole family.