One of the last entries in the long series of reports, Carry on behind is very similar to the continuation of the campsite in that it involves a group of vacationers descending on a "caravan" site.
Professors Anna Vrooshka (Elke Sommer) and Roland Crump (Kenneth Williams) and a group of archeology students remain on the Caravan site belonging to Major Leep (Kenneth Connor) so that they can explore the remains of the Roman colonyneighbor.
Anna has a little trouble understanding English and sometimes people put themselves in the bad end of the stick: - for example, when Anna asks for `exharators for the dirty caravan '', she means that she wants a brushTo clean to clean the caravan!
Arthur Upmore (Bernard Bresslaw) and his wife Linda (Patsy Rowlands) take his mother Daphne Barnes (Joan Sims) and his minah bird on vacation with them.
The jokes of stepmother prevail.
In addition, the problem that Joe and Norma Baxter (Ian Lavender and Adrienne Posta) have with their large Irish greyhound allows comic moments between the two families.
Fred Ramsden (Windsor Davies) and Ernie Bragg (Jack Douglas) leave their wives (Liz Fraser and Patricia Franklin) for a fishing vacation.
However, they have more in mind than fishing when they see two young girls, Sandra (Carol Hawkins) and Carol (Sherrie Hewson).
History implies the disturbance caused by archaeological teachers of the daily execution of the camp, the search for supply and greyhound, Major, Fred and Ernie desperately need a woman, a misunderstanding leading to a strip-Caravan Park flow and a shock in store for Daphne.
The partnership between Sommer and Williams is very effective and fun.
This is what links the film together.
Joan Sims stands out while the demanding mother-in-law, Bernard Bresslaw and Patsy Rowlands work well together as husband and wife, and Carol Hawkins and Sherrie Hewson are a welcome addition to distribution.
On the other hand, there are discreet performance by Kenneth Connor and Peter Butterworth as Barnes The Handyman, and there are very bad performance by Windsor Davies and Jack Douglas who spend too much time on the screen!
Even if there is no real conspiracy to say and that the jokes are becoming more blue due to the new screenwriter Dave Freeman, there are enough really comical moments and brilliant and winding performance to lift this postponement abovemany predecessors.
Although the regular casting is exhausted, those who remain show that they can still make a good film.
Flop relating to cinema, this film deserves much more recognition.