Ingredients: neophyte lawyer, legal situations, corrupt insurance company,
Synopsis: Rudy Baylor (Matt Damon) is an ethical child freshly out of the law faculty who must juggle three legal situations at the same time.
Rudy's girlfriend is attacked by her violent husband; Rudy's aged owner wants to arrange her will so that her children are excluded, and; the family of the friend of Rudy suffering from leukemia pursues the corrupt insurance company which does notwould not pay for a bone marrow transplant.
Rudy is new to be a lawyer and is completely overwhelmed, but fortunately, he is helped by an auspicked ambulance hunter (Danny Devito) who failed the bar exam six times as well as by the kindly president (Danny Glover) judge (Danny Glover).
Jon Voight plays Leo F.Drummond, the intimidating and arrogant leader of the lawyer team of the all-powerful insurance company who will do everything to oppose justice.
Will Rudy defeat Leo?
Will he like to be a lawyer?
Opinion: The good news is that this film has a happy ending, and it presents a guy who tries to do the right thing.
The director Francis Ford Coppola makes this film a little different from the film of stereotypical law.
In the typical lawyer's film, there is a big case and the film focuses on resolution, and somewhere along the line, the witnesses and the reasons surprise before the good guy wins (after a lot of dramacaptivating audience room).
However, Coppola's film is deliberately more discreet.
`` The Rainmaker '' is played as a personality sketch by Young Rudy while he is emotionally involved and tries to save various small original secondary characters.
In the background, Rudy's voice tells his feelings and makes half-cynical jokes on the legal profession in general.
Two factors combine to make this film less heavy than it can be.
First, Rudy's time is to juggle three cases, rather than focusing on a single case with high issues.
In addition, the use by Rudy of vocal narration instead of the game causes the film to lose its dramatic advantage.
The end result is a discreet diverting law film where good people win, and Rudy tells of -maturity.