Let me first say that the conditions that I was forced to look at the matrix under were far from ideal.
So I tried to be as equitable as possible since my viewing experience was much less than Ideal.
I looked at the matrix in a theater that seriously needed upgrades in the best of cases.
In no case would it have ever been authorized to show a film loaded with special effects on a big budget like the matrix.
This theater, owned by the parent company of one of the biggest Hollywood studios, has not even graduated in stereo yet.
The mono sound to which the public was subjected to his release of the compulsory retirement age for several years.
In other words, the sound was zero.
As someone used to ring digital in a film hall, Bad Sound does nothing to add to a film.
I will not even enter the horrible splicing work that the projectionist made this film.
There, I had my rant, now with regular criticism.
Which, unfortunately, will not include comments on the sound of the film that I suppose was spectacular, but I guess.
My supposition on the sound seems to be quite solid given the visual quality of the matrix.
It is simply visually surprising.
Unfortunately, the rest of the film, although quite good, is not entirely measured by the obvious effort that has been spent to make this film so good.
The matrix has a good concept in the heart, although it moves more often into the confusing side than I would have liked.
Keanu Reeves plays a computer pirate which is attracted by the frightening realization that reality is only a hoax.
It turns out that many years ago, the world has been devastated by a kind of disaster.
Now machines run the planet and humans spend their lives in a kind of incubator, connected to a computer network.
Computers generate a world of virtual reality which is a representation of the earth before being destroyed.
The population of the planet never realizes that their whole life is a hoax and that they really spend their whole life as a comatose.
It was with the exception of a small group that discovered this horrible secret and escaped their virtual prisons.
They now spend their lives fighting computers in order to denounce this lie.
The character of Reeve, Neo, is recruited by this band of rebels led by Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne).
The newcomer Carrie-Anne Moss and one of the most underestimated players in Hollywood, Joe Pantoliano, join Fishburne in the Freedom-Fighters band.
The action sequences are simply spectacular.
This can be attributed as much to amazing special effects as well as many extensive pre-production effects of the actor in martial arts.
This lends itself to some of the best sequences of martial arts that you will never see in a film.
When you add this to some of the wild effects in the computer generated by computer, all of this is added to a heaviness.
As I have already said, the visuals far exceed the rest of the film.
Acting in the matrix is not bad, but it is certainly not really good either.
Keanu Reeves gives his usual performances without emotion.
Although it is one of its best performance.
Laurence Fishburne, on the other hand, often seemed to forget that he was in a science fiction action film.
More than a few times, he delivered his lines as if he thought he was playing in a sort of Shakespearean drama.
Joe Pantoliano was used a little in this film, but he took advantage of what he had.
Carrie-Anne Moss revealed surprisingly good performance for this first film role.
It is nice to see that she was launched as much for her talent as for her breathtaking appearance.
You must give all the main players a healthy dose of credit for the work they obviously put in physical training for their roles in this film.
It was clear that no little effort I am devoted to movements perfectly for combat sequences.
I also put a large part of the blame for the performance somewhat tense in the dialogue matrix, which was sometimes terrible.
In more than a few places, it has become too existential for my taste and at other times, it was simply bizarre.
It almost seems that the writers had trouble trying to understand how to explain the concept of the film.
They therefore decided to make the dialogue as obtuse as possible so that no one could understand what they were talking about.
thus covering any jumps of faith that they could have made in the departments of logic and credibility.
My other major complaint with the matrix was with the very unsatisfactory end.
The configuration was HOKEY and frankly used in many bad movies before.
The end itself was simply strange.
The main reasons to recommend the matrix are the visual effects and computer animation that make it a real treat to look at.
Although the rest of the film (acting, dialogue and in a certain plot) affects high production values, they do not harm enough to prevent me from recommending the matrix as a fun way to spend an evening.