Wow! What a movie.
That's all that a film can be: funny, dramatic, interesting, strange, funny, bizarre and striking.
Yes, which almost describes this film.
It starts as a regular film and ends up being one of the strangest and funniest films that I have ever seen.
This has confusing the mind and some must wonder why we cannot get films like this more often.
In addition to being one of the best films of the year, being John Malkovich, could also be one of the best films of all time.
period .
Again, there are so many good films that you cannot choose a favorite of all time.
John Cusack embodies a Craig Schwartz puppeteer, a man of a job, looking for a job.
His wife Lotte Schwartz who is played by a completely unshakable Cameron Diaz that looks like something on the street is an animal lover and has any type of animal you might think.
Craig finds a file use at 7? Floor of a commercial building ... You
You must open the doors of the elevator before reaching the bottom eight, the 7? The ground is only a floor between 7 and 8.
He is hired by his 105 -year -old boss (Orsen Bean) to be a file.
In his office, he discovered a small door, which was embarked and hidden.
To his curiosity, he opens him and begins to crawl towards him, he is then sucked up to the end and finds himself in the mind of John Malkovich.
Fifteen minutes later, he was fired on the side of the New Jersey Turnpike.
He returns to tell his colleague Maxine (Catherine Keener) that he found a portal that will lead him in the mind of John Malkovich, she does not believe it but after seeing this changes her mind.
Lotte also discovers the portal and discovers that being someone else is good after all.
John Malkovich has of course no idea what's going on, and at the end of this bizarre film, there are so many twists and turns, that we do not know what really happened.
John Cusack is exceptional and totally creatable in a role that he alone could play.
It corresponds perfectly to the role and was brilliantly cast.
Cameron Diaz is exceptional and totally one of the most beautiful women in the world, is composed here imperceptible and very unattractive.
However, it gives a very comical performance and it could easily be its best role to date.
Catherine Keener is very funny and sexy as a maxine and of course the best thing in the film is the magic himself John Malkovich who is very brilliant and this film plays a great tribute? To the master himself.
The whole combined group gives us a wonderfully funny film which is also intelligent and intelligent.
Spike Jonze (Three Kings) made his fabulous directors' beginnings and has done a fantastic job to make this new classic film.
It allows the spectator to make the trip and let the spectator know that they are watching a film.
As the end rolled around my head was turning out by disbelief of the quality of this film.
The script written by Charlie Kaufman was hilarious and often stimulating.
The film also had a soft side and even if the end is very surprising, it is also a little sad and comforting.
The whole film was fantastic and made me roll in the islands.
From the appearance of Cameron Diaz to the explorations of John Malkovich, I laughed very hard, and it can be as funny as that (the funniest!).
There is no slow point in the film or an overused idea.
There are no shots, except for the fact that it is the most original, invented, spirit and intelligent film that I have seen for a long time.
I found myself surprised by everything: direction, game, writing and the idea of the film.
In the end, I had to wonder why Hollywood no longer wants to make films like that.
Or why they don't.
All the filmmakers watch this film and get some film ideas to be released.
It was a surprise success, just like American beauty.
`` Be John Malkovich '' is in the top 5 films of the year, and I n The 10 best films never made.
He has something that no other film is playing now.
In fact, it can as well be the best film at the moment.
I strongly recommend "being John Malkovich" and I have no doubt that you will be disappointed.