It is a fact that a good thriller or an action film does not need violence to be good or deserves to be watched.
All you need is potential violence to make the public bite their nails.
And what type of violence could be more effective than a global thermo-nuclear war?
And potential violence is that the Premiss War Games are built on.
A Whi-Kid Informatique, David, is generally supported by the hacking of the school computer to modify his notes.
But after reading an advertisement for an upcoming computer game, he wants to be the first to play it.
Instead of entering the computer from Protovision, he accidentally arrives at the Norad Frontgate.
With the help of Jennifer, a girl in her biology class, he begins to play a nice nuclear war game with Wopr, War Operation Plan Response (a first -rate computer at the time, but now barely faster thanMy own computer)
I remember being 12 years old and looked at this in the cinema.
It was very effective to scare yourself at that time and it did not change.
Of course, a nuclear war seemed to be much more of something that could really happen in 1983.
I would not be surprised if it was nightmares to people.
I hope it does it again since you still hear about schoolchildren hacking pentagon's computers.
Broderick and Sheedy are very good as young teenagers (although his interest in David remains a mystery).
But the other actors are, without fault on their part, restricted by the script to play one -dimensional adults.
David's parents are the same kind of parents who populate all these university comedies from the 1980s, films like the secret admirer, Porky's or Zapp and the Norad General Beringer is straight from Dr.Mour strange.
If for no other reason, you should see this film to appreciate how far computer technology has left for these days.
David uses the same phone to call friends than to call other computers.
The modem is a kind of device on which it puts the helmet.
Far from any 56K modem, I suppose it is a kind of MoDem 2400 BPS, the type of technology that you now find in your local technical museum.
Norad's big computer has a lot of flashing lights (like the ones you see on Star Trek or any old SF movie), but it is barely impressive compared to what you can get today.
What are the lessons we can learn from war games?
1.
Make sure there are no secret deadlines in military computers.
2merci, anyone, to have given us a graphic user interface when we use our computers!