While I write the criticism of the new Romantic Hanks / Ryan comedy that you have mail, I am perfectly aware that I type it on a computer and send it a billion kilometers on the Internet.
I am also aware that I have just spent the last 2 hours watching the greatest paid advertisement in the world for online America.
And I wonder: Is it so bad?
Well, the commercial part is.
As for the film, well, as long as I can watch Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, I think I'm fine.
To paraphrase James Berardinelli, whose criticisms, Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan can act.
They are both wonderful, but for all Hanks' glorious work in serious films, such as his magnificent performance to save the soldier Ryan, and his glorious triumph in Philadelphia, I love him better when he is properly odious.
Tom Hanks is wonderful when he is unpleasant in a romantic comedy when he will get the girl: the only question is how?
Meg Ryan, darling from US secondary school, can act.
She had a handful of memorable performances, including the restaurant's big scene when Harry met Sally (I must not mention what she does, because of, well, uh, you have the idea, and ifYou don't do it, get the movie - fantastic).
But I love her best when she is, well, Perky.
She is so adorably Guillerette / Cute that with Hanks, they are the most incredible duo of my short life.
Some people bring them back to really old classic romantic couples, but I don't really know.
All I know is that I love them both.
They have such a wonderful chemistry which is really difficult to resist, and I will not even try.
They are really, really cute, sweet and charming.
Hanks and Ryan collaborate again with Nora Ephron, who directed them in Megahit Sleepless in Seattle.
Here, the configuration is a little different.
Kathleen Kelly (Ryan) has a small children's bookstore that her mother founded 42 years ago and transmitted to her.
She succeeds, beautiful and dates a well -known columnist with a very radical idea (Kinnear).
She also has a kind of connection.
You see, Kathleen, with the Shopgirl handle, secretly sends NY152.
They have a strictly not detailed relationship: there are no details, and they have no idea of each other.
NY152 is Joe Fox (Hanks), a multimillionaire bookseller who is the heir to the fortune of the mega-book fox chain, led by his father (Coleman).
Fox Books decided to open a store on the west side, just in front of a small children's bookseller named "Shop at the corner of the street", managed by a prudent girl named Kathleen Kelly.
Every morning, these two sent silly emails, and every day, they fight "to death !!".
It is a charming premise, and that works well, balancing the immense troubles that Kathleen is with the romance she wants to have.
He also has the great feeling of being a classic romance: there is no mantra "let's sex tonight", if you excuse my franchise.
It is a solid romance built around this vague concept of love.
Hmm .eh well, the film goes through twists and turns, having sad moments and sad moments, up to a moment, Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan "Connect", to use modern terminology and kissing in happiness.
You know it will happen, the question is now?
Fortunately, Ephron has a wonderful support casting with Posey, Kinnear, Chappelle and a crowd of others, including a large scene involving brothers, aunts and two sweet children.
Everything is cute and wonderful, and for all idealism, it makes me feel good.
Hanks is as unpleasant as never outside and as hot inside as it is always.
He is, I believe, the largest actor in America.
Does he show it here?
Nah.
But he's still Tom Hanks, and she’s still Meg Ryan.
This is what this film comes down to.
It is pure making.
All songs on the go DFATHER, The jokes, the superb script, everything is really soft.
There are immense faults, such as pace.
The last third of the film does not really work as well as I would have liked, and for a romantic comedy, it's slow.
Once Hanks knows the secret, it becomes really slow.
I even looked at my watch several times, to make sure that Ephron was going to deliver the big kiss on the screen that I was waiting for, so that I could go home at a reasonable hour.
The other problem is that this film promises to be really dated.
E-mail ?
When my children are my age, I don't know what we will use.
But Hanks can do more with an Eyeroll than anyone, and Meg Ryan just likes to dive into a pillow better than anyone in the history of cinema.
They just work together, and it's pleasant to see.
It gives you, well, a smile.
The script helps with superb lines which are absolutely hilarious, and which always arrive at the right time to keep the audience awake.
I was arguing with my father on the return home on the goal of the films.
I have always believed that the films are very powerful, very powerful.
You see, humanity has three abilities it needs to survive: the ability to think, entertain and procreate.
The films can certainly make the first two, and for the third, well, I prefer not to think about it.
I have always thought of the films that made you think of enlightening you and making you see something from another point of view, and that the films that would say you were good, because you forgot your problems and thought ofSomething nice for one night.
And I was thinking of how incredible Tom Hanks had a year.
Hanks was the engine of one of the best films of the year to save the soldier Ryan, who is one of those films who really think that really made the world wonder.
It is also half of the glue behind the best example of pure entertainment of the year.
Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan are magical, just like this film.
It is a gentle and charming affair with a technological touch.
It may be a long advertisement, but it made me a fairly big smile on my face.