Razor Blade Smile which takes place as part of the Vancouver International Film Festival played on October 2 and 4, 1998.
Official release: Halloween
examined by Vince Yim
"You think you know everything about vampires ... believe
me you
Know F * CK everything. '
With these words, we are brought to the world of a sensual vampire seducer named Lilith Silver (played by Eileen Daly).
Transformed into an immortal century a century and a half ago by the sinister Ethan Blake, it continues to relieve boredom with its state of being.
So, what is a downturn to do, except between the tightest possible clothes, take out her weapons, seduce a few guys and kill some people for money and blood?
With this away, let me say this.
This film is bad.
This film is really very bad.
However, in a way, it is strangely pleasant.
With all the elements of a direct horror film towards the video? Bouxes, gore, dialogue, cheesy dialogue and bad game? Any spectator of occasional films would be more inclined to spend his money to rent innocent blood or see Blade.
However, he is considered one of the best British vampire films.
Okay, it could be the case, but is far from being the best vampire film of all time.
period .
Razor Blade Smile has fairly high production values, shown by the beautiful global tone of the film.
The film is also a little away from the tradition of popular vampires, with a vampire who can go out in broad daylight without disintegrating, does not sleep in a coffin (but leaves one next to his computer), and sees theReligion as the `` opium of peoples ”(hence immunity to the crosses).
But other than that, it does not move too much from the conventions of horror films.
In other words, unless it is intentional.
The smile of the razor blade goes literally for the throat, then pumps the wound full of transformed cheese.
You cannot help laughing when a female vampire is beheaded and its cut head will fly in a puddle.
You will laugh even stronger in hideously artificial situations (to distract two female guards, Lilith throws a cell phone towards them and composes the number).
You will laugh the hardest when a murder witness recovers history and suddenly begin to sob out uncontrollable.
And then there is the sudden touch ending (I have enough heart so as not to give it).
The film refuses to take itself seriously, which is a good thing, because when Lilith Zippe on his waterproof body suit, then decompress it just to show the right amount of neckline, you have most likely forgot the main point del'history .
But in case you really worry about it, she was responsible for killing a bunch of people who belong to the so-called illuminati, and she leaves a huge mess so that the police can find.
As much my criticism, this film works better as a guilty pleasure or as a film that you watch with your friends and within groups.
Almost intended for Cult Status, the film's campies and cheesy connotations of the film actually work towards the film.
Although this is not necessarily the film you would like to be seen by yourself, that is a fun moment in the cinema.