In my review from there, there is something about Mary, I said something to the effect of "laughter is not all".
I now need to make a brief Addendum to my postulate: laughter is not all, unless I watch a film by Jim Abrahams.
You see, the usurpers are easy with me.
I love films and I like the films that make fun of the films that I like.
Sometimes I am the only one in the theater to laugh.
Sometimes I laugh so strong that I get bored because my laughter is so high compared to my speaking voice (it is cut through everyone's laughter).
Sometimes I laugh so much that my cheekbones are painful at the end of the film.
Abraham's latest film, Mafia!, Induced this kind of hysteria on me.
He obtained mediocre criticisms, but, hey, I am the guy who laughs at everything.
There may be a lot of jokes that flop in this film, but there is much more work, and I laughed so frequently that the failed jokes generally occurred while I was recovering from the previous vertiginous madness.
I like films like this because not a second of it is serious or stimulating.
Most light weight films represent as a comedies try to do other things, such as developing characters, stories of form and other nonsense of this type.
Mafia!
has no claims on the characters or the story, and there is no other reason than to make people laugh.
The film begins on the perfect note, with a mockery of the opening of the casino.
Our hero (Jay Mohr) is seen walking with a casino and entering his car, which later explodes and sends him flying into the air on the background of fluid fire.
To describe the history of the mafia!
is absurd and useless, but I will mention that it essentially follows the framework of sponsor films, with many references from casino inserted throughout.
Along the way, parodies seem to be arbitrary and rarely victimize MOB films: images like the English patient, Forrest Gump and Jaws are undergoing severe and hilarious detigutions.
Films like this are based on a few things, but the most important element is the direction.
Abrahams has been on this path several times before (hot shots!, Top secret!, Airplane!, And any other film with an exclamation mark in the title), and therefore I hold most of the success of the mafia!
to his experience.
He just takes the right attitude in each scene and manages to wipe the most strangely placed references at least a little to laugh (an inexplicable moment seems that he wants to make fun of the Titanic, but he never develops).
The actors are all energetic, which helps a lot with the tone of the film.
Mohr (Suicide Kings, Paulie), who quickly becomes one of my favorite actors, is so good here.
He seems to have fun so much that he contains his laughter in each scene (look at his face in the sequence by the swimming pool).
He is probably the only distribution artist who manages to urge laughter without the help of the equipment.
Lloyd Bridges makes a decent imitation of the Sponsor of Brando, while Pamela Gidley died in a full -fledged mockery of Sharon Stone.
What is difficult to write criticism for comedies is that I am supposed to give examples of things and be precise.
Unfortunately, I was so blinded by laughter during the mafia!
That I don't remember much that made me laugh.
But it's a good sign: Mafia!
is so funny that I didn't even have time to apply any of the scenes to memory.
I laughed so hard that it turned off my brain.
I know that does not seem particularly complementary, but when I look at a stupid comedy like this, the first thing I want to do is close my brain.
Finally, a film that does that for me.