Manage, Willis, Poitier continue worldwide
The Jackal A Film Review of Michael Redman Copyright 1997 by Michael Redman
When the Soviet Union imploded, Western countries have lost their shadow.
With the United States Friendly with the Russians, we no longer had an entity to blame for the problems of the world.
It arose in Hollywood films because the communist government was no longer the easy villain.
It is time to rejoice because we have found our new bad guy.
Now it is no longer the Russian government that sends killers to foreign lands, it is Russian _Mafia_.
A perfect solution, it combines the fear of organized crime and the discomfort still present with the old countries of Eastern blocks.
Better still, the bad guys are always foreigners: the fear of the other always plays the best.
It is therefore a lord of the crime to Moscow who sends a legendary hitman the jackal (Bruce Willis) to assassinate a figure of the American government very placed in retaliation for the death of his brother during a nightclub raid.
The FBI is short to know how to protect the target of someone he is not even sure.
The former IRA operator, Declan Mulqueen (Richard Gere), is temporarily released from the prison to help the FBI agent, Carter Preston (Sidney Poitier) and the Russian major Valentina Koslova (Diane Venora).
The ex-girlfriend of Mulqueen, the Basque terrorist, Isabella (Mathilda May) is the only person to have seen the elusive jackal.
 (There is probably an exclusive international terrorist club somewhere where the three met.)
The film follows two parallel tracks while the jackal is preparing for its success of $ 70 million and Mulqueen tries to locate it while Preston ensures that the Irishman does not escape.
Crossing many borders and putting on various disguises for himself and his mini-van, the killer always has one step ahead of his pursuers.
Being very freely based on the same 1973 thriller book "The Day of the Jackal", the comparison between the two films is inevitable.
There is no doubt that the original is the best film, playing the history of suspense rather than current action / adventure.
As a mystery, "the jackal" has enough holes to ruin history, but if you can accept it for what it is, there are entertainment to have.
Holes? A central index for Mulqueen is so obscure that it must have psychic powers to collect it.
For a 20 -year -old veteran who can order the big dollars, the jackal is an incredibly bad blow.
The final scene between Gere and Willis occurs in a place that should be assaulted with the police, but it is only both.
Willis costumes generally resemble Bruce Willis and are just as interesting as Val kilmer in "The Saint".
 (And for fear that you do not understand that it is not a compliment.)
But the three stars are fun to watch.
It is good to see Gere in something other than a business costume.
Willis has a mixed story in the selection of projects, but his characters are always observable.
Poitier is by far the upper actor, but has a limited screen time.
Logic problems are faults, but do not ruin experience.
Sometimes there are films that transcend their imperfections.
It is one of them.
[It appeared at 11/10/97 "Bloomington Voice", Bloomington, Indiana]