The reunion film is by no means an original idea, a shape or a form.
This has been done throughout the history of the film repeatedly, and has become one of the many sub-genres, such as the sub-genre of the preparatory school, the teenage sub-genre filled with anxiety andThe Slasher sub-genre.
What makes the "friends of Peter" so remarkable is how he does not follow the rules of this sub-genre, but how it follows him so well, and creates characters with whom I would not disturb.
What are the rules of the reunion undergenre?
GOOD ....
1. You need a group of friends, most of them married or at least dating, and sometimes even married or outing together.
2 You must have them gathered for a kind of crisis.
3 and 3s should not have spoken much since they separated.
4The meeting must come by intervals divisible by 10.
5 they must all be slightly too neurotic.
6.The meeting must bring them together, separate them with small crises, then bring them together because, after all, they are friends.
7. He must be sex, either at least some who behave between friends or with other people who are there or who have been invited.
8 -last years, they are all unhappy or marginally.
9. There is a kind of sexual tension among some of them accumulated over the years.
Ten. Friends all succeed in the world of entertainment and the arts, sometimes internationally.
The film is filled with nostalgic radio success from the time they were friends, sometimes making them come together in dance / song.
Since it follows these rules so closely, it will probably (and have been) invented as a "British thrill".
And in some respects, this is the case.
The two follow the rules, as I said, and the two present many sluts, great confessionals and broken relations.
But while "The Big Chill" was, at least for me, a little too whining and unsatisfactory, "Les Amis de Peter" strike his brand, making this film funny, dramatic and poignant.
The friends of Peter were all in the same theater group in 1982, interpreting extremely scandalous British acts for people far too stuck to enjoy them (the opening scene makes them dance all at the top and in tutus).
After the rich father of Peter (Stephen Fry) (Richard Briers, barely on the screen enough to register, but well) dies, leaving him a giant mansion, he must decide to keep it or not.
I don't know what to do without hesitation, he decides to organize a giant party, inviting all his old friends.
Of course, all or most of his friends follow the tenth rule.
Andrew (Kenneth Branagh, also performing here) is an actor unfortunately married to a television star, Carol (co-scriptwriter Rita Rudner).
Maggie (Emma Thompson) is a successful publisher of self-assistance books, but seems to need them more than her customers, because she is alone and unhappy.
Roger and Mary (Hugh Laurie and Imelda Staunton, who have also married "meaning and sensitivity") are married, and are the most prosperous creators of jingles in the United Kingdom, but have undergone a tragedy like oneOf their new twins born recently recently made.
And Sarah (Alphonsia Emmanuel) is still as promised, having a new boyfriend for two weeks named Brian (Tony Slattery) who is married and wants to divorce because of her, giving her doubts.
As for Peter, things seem good ...
The film presents many interior jokes, and even old theater anecdotes (in which I find at least a lot of pleasure, because I made a lot of theater myself).
And there are great confessions, fights between friends, and at the end, almost everyone is unhappy, even if some have solved their problems long before the end (which I dug).
The final touch would seem to force an anti-climatic, but for any reason, I felt the same thing as the rest of the friends did.
Maybe it's because people In this film, he is so friendly that I just wanted to join their clique.
This is really what makes "Peter's friends" so friendly: the way you just want to hang out with a group of friends who can sometimes be so dysfunted, but when someone is in crisis, can come togethereach other.
It is when you have a giant crisis like this and people want to help you altruist instead of suddenly pushing you who makes you realize that you have real friends, and these people are real friends.
Without forgetting that Kenneth Branagh is able to publish the nostalgic film for the 80s (a decade in which I grew up, unfortunately) without getting us out of the 90s.
There are classics of the 80s and anti-classics like Tears For Fears "Everybody Wants to Rule the World", but unfortunately no stupid / fun songs from the 80s (I think if I ever made a reunion film80s, I would put Go Goschanson shit on, or at least a good old "come on eileen"), but these are the British 80s we are talking about.
too bad .
But anyway, management is quite good, although nothing incredible.
Branagh's Strong makes Shakespeare fresh and magical, but at least it is very good for making a less ambiguous film like this.
The writing is good by Rita Rudner and Martin Bregman, with many good liners, and even really bad but good word games (to make fun of the fact thatrew lives in l. A., Peter, while cutting a few logs, heIs it as he has wood in l.
The actors, as in most speaking films, are better than their equipment, with some remarkable performances to the six friends, as well as foreigners like Slatery, Rudner and Phyllida Law as an old housekeeper from the Peter Manor.
A small note should be made about Hugh Laurie's performance, because it seems to have taken massive doses of Prozac before doing it - I mean, I have never seen it actually.
 "Peter's Friends" is a really pleasant film that makes people like me to pinch for a kind of future reunion, although I don't know what kind I will have (like most people, I don't look forward to myhigh school reunion).
Because of the way these friends are always able to maintain the same amount of care as they have for each other and after such a long period of separation, I look forward to the day I can have friendslike that.