I noticed something I never thought before.
Pseudo -subsance - Hollywood simulating deep meanings in their films.
Have you ever seen a film that you really enjoyed, then when you look back, you realize that something was missing?
More and more, filmmakers seem to extinguish well repeated melodramatic films which evoke strong connotations to be an excellent film, but if you withdraw and think about your film experience, you may only be able to discover anythingMore than fluffes elegantly presented.
I’m not trying to say that City of Angels is so bad.
There was a lot to do, but somewhere along the way, he wobbled.
In one way or another, under the apparently poetic beauty of all this, there was a gigantic hole that someone covered with iridescent performance and shiny cinematography.
The predictable end that broke our hopes (even if we saw him coming) only added to disappointment.
But for more than an hour, City of Angels is well worth the time.
Nicolas Cage is Seth, a guardian angel who, like hundreds (probably thousands or even millions) other angels, passes eternity to monitor citizens of mortality; humans never know how much celestial interventionproduced in their lives.
Meg Ryan, in his most sieved performance to date, plays Maggie, a doctor who is starting to think exactly about who we are fighting when we fight to keep someone alive.
After losing a patient on the surgery table, these questions envelop Maggie, and Seth, the angel who was there to supervise the patient's transition into the beyond, is immediately captivated by the doctor.
He begins to follow and observe Maggie, falling more and more in love with her every day.
The angels, which we learn quickly are not and have never been humans, cannot feel human sensations such as taste and touch, but they have the capacity to see themselves seeing anyone who they want.
Seth's worship is too much to resist, and finally it appears in Maggie, quite regularly, although such a thing seems taboo among the angelic community.
The angels are presented in an interesting way, all dressed in black and recall more the hired killers than the traditional brilliant white entities, but it is a beautiful touch which never seems to be a simple attempt of uniqueness.
Cage is a wonderfully versatile actor (think of the face / off, while raising Arizona, and that could happen to you - what combo!) Which slips very well in the role of a celestial agent but threatens the sapper more than onetimes.
It's nice to see Ryan take roles like this one and that of courage under fire.
The two are not very comparable to each other, but they both deviate from his usual romantic comedy roles "intelligently", and it is an impressive side of Ryan filmmakers have rarely the chance to enjoy it.
But even if the two tracks do an impressive job, it is Dennis Franz who catches us with his interpretation of a hospital patient who knows more than meeting the eye.
It is a shame that with so many things to do, City of Angels weakens so much in its last stages, leaving us the realization that an emotionally incredible film was there, they simply did not know how to get there.
They fight for an impactful conclusion and end up with a painful noise of noise rather than an exhilarating summit.
The filmmakers should know that your final impression will be the one you linger, you remember and transmit to others through word of mouth, so after telling us for more than 60 minutes that this film is a masterpieceGlorious work, they certainly leave us with a discouraging taste for unleashed in our mouths.
Based on German desire films (which being the English title, of course), City of Angels is a success of eighty percent, enough for most people to forgive its shortcomings, even the disappointing end.
Most filmmakers, non-cynics anyway, will be too wrapped in the surreal atmosphere to criticize what needs T o Be criticized.
Nevertheless, City of Angels is beautifully captivating, which is probably enough to satisfy poetic viewers who will appreciate a dive into rich emotional territories.