The story of us, a film by Rob Reiner, is the second film this fall that touches the spectator in a way that they are rarely touched by a film, because they can see their daily life in the films usually once byyear.
Well, 1999 has two, the other being the instant classic of a very dysfunctional family, American Beauty.
The story of us, a film on the ups and downs of marriage and the family, is a well written, heartbreaking and perceptive film that made the majority of the public cry, including myself.
The story of us tells us the story of Ben (Bruce Willis) and Katie (Michelle Pfeiffer) Jordan, and asks the question: "Can a marriage survive 15 years of marriage?"
The film talks about two people who gathered, spent a good part of their lives together and shows when our main characters are "him" and "she" (during the bad times), and when they are "we" (duringduring good times).
The story of us concerns all their 15 years of marriage which collapse day by day.
Ben and Katie now see and live only with each other because they do not want to devastate their children with the fact that their parents no longer say, or at least do not say, love each other more.
Ben, a designer, and Katie, writer of crosswords, separated during their fifteen years of marriage, when they grew up to follow different opinions on life, family and marriage.
Katie is the more organized and sophisticated type, who wants to plan everything, while Ben is a spontaneous and adventurous individual who does not care to do things differently from what they were planned.
The story of us is played well, while the film opens with Ben sharing its story with a therapist, told to the spectator through flashbacks.
As the film progresses, he switches between Ben and Katie, speaking to their therapist, their stories being told with their wedding flashbacks.
This method is very effective, because we see the characters change from year to year, separating slowly.
Through the flashbacks, we can see the story through the character's two eyes, and that gives us a strong feeling of what their characters look like, because the story of us has main characters in three dimensions and credible.
The scenario, written by Jessie Nelson (Stepmom) and Alan Zweibel (Dragnet), is a touching work, land-to-terre which affects an agreement within the spectator, just like another of Nelson's films, Stepmom.
The script has an open honesty and a vision of life, which is so realistic, you feel uncomfortable several times, because so many situations in which the characters are undeniably familiar, because most families these daysCross difficult moments because Benet Katie must.
If it was not for the first 15 minutes that the writers wrote, who are robust and certainly imperfect, the story of us would have been the best film of this year.
Bruce Willis, a usual action / adventure star, has certainly turned in the past year - he went from a man who was being typed in the same role in action films,To a distinguished and sophisticated actor, as last summer of summer; and now in the history of us, Willis shows the world what he can really do if he is fed by a good script.
Although I would not choose Willis as an actor of choice for Ben Jordan, Willis behaves well and shines in some of the most powerful scenes in the film, enough that make his performance a final competitor presents himself the rewards season.
Where to start with Michelle Pfeiffer?
Pfeiffer's performance is bewitching and ultimately strong, because she gives life to her character with such charisma and emotion, you wonder how, how it is possible for someone to represent a real person with such realism.
Pfeiffer's performance is that which, if it is not recognized by the Academy, will be in the heart of any spectator who watched this film in motion.
The story of us I S one of the most real and funniest films in 1999, while the Sharp Razor script evokes laughter and tears to keep the spectator hanging.
Superb game, direction, writing, story and soundtrack that always sets up the atmosphere of the film, which is beautifully composed by Eric Clapton and Marc Shaiman, makes us a touching and unforgettable film that will touch the hearts of viewers throughCountry - and will certainly become one of the most spoken films in autumn.
The main high points of the film are the fights between Ben and Katie, because the two constantly accuse each other whose fault is that their marriage has collapsed, and although they also say things like "it's over"Or" I hate you, "you can say that the two always share a deep connection, and inside, somewhere, they are always" us.
The essential: a wonderful, enchanting and heartbreaking film.
One of the most realistic and heartbreaking films in recent years.