I rented "Brokedown Palace" last night, having heard nothing on this subject in advance, and I appreciated it a lot despite some faults.
For anyone who wishes to have the same experience, I suggest reserving a film's judgment until it see it in its entirety.
It is not an easy task.
Superficially, it has an unfortunate (and not necessarily involuntary) resemblance with several other films, including "Back to paradise" and "Midnight Express".
As a result, almost all the reviews of "Brokedown Palace" that I read later have become desperately tangled to make obvious comparisons.
The consequence was an almost universal conviction, which is a shame because it is a good film.
For those who have not yet seen the film, let me say that it is not an attempt to portray the nightmarish reality of the Third World Criminal Justice system (just like "Midnight Express") or completely the dilemmamoral and examination of the sense of Deamitié and humanity which was the heart of the "return to paradise".
In my opinion, if this film should be compared to any other source, it should be the acclaimed novel by Joseph Conrad, "Lord Jim".
Problem, the basic scenario seems more than familiar: two American teenage girls on vacation are sentenced to spend most of their lives in a Thai prison for drug smuggling in an obvious configuration involving a con-man, a dark criminal plot anda corrupt third of the Third World "justice".
The girls are Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale).
It was life friends who planned a diploma in high school in Hawaii, then secretly changed their destination in Thailand more exotic without saying their parents.
Once there, they find a $ 6 hotel and have a tourism, which includes sneaking in a luxury hotel to sip drinks dear by the pool.
They are caught by trying to load the bill in the wrong piece, a minor transgression which will come back later haunting them, but they are saved from the security of the hotel by a charming and friendly Australian, Nick (Daniel Lapaine), who takes care of Labill with a more polite execution of the girl's scam.
He then proceeds to separate the girls and make movements gently, first towards Alice, then towards Darlene.
Rounds are currently being triggered among viewers.
The Nick always present is too smooth and his stories do not add up (to us) - the girls, of course, are too naive to notice it.
Long before it happens, we plan to disappear from the quick chances and the arrest of our adolescents, the ducks seated at the airport on the way to Hong Kong surprised the bag (literally) containing the'heroin.
Equally predictable, the Thai police and courts are doing their part to resolve injustice and our trusted tourists are linked to prison for a long time.
He is left unanswered, the question of the red herring of the question of whether one or the other of the girls was a voluntary accomplice.
For those who need a ready response, can I suggest a more in-depth examination of the Bell Hop at the Fleabag hotel of the girl.
While a door after the other in their old life is closed, the girls and their families despair of the lawyer / black expatriate fixer "Yankee Hank" (Bill Pullam) and his wife as a partner born by the Thai.
A recurring element of the film is the tension between appearance and reality as it is expressed in one of the slogan of the film, "who do you trust? Surprises.
A large part of the rest of the film is a smorgasbord of incompletely explored intriguing themes.
Lou Diamond Phillips, for example, plays a deliciously sinister and insane DEA agent who, while seeming to be casual for Hank, retains vital information at crucial moments.
Being a wider plot?
with an intrinsically powerful premise, but somewhat tired , the film offers parties of a fascinating audience room drama, a prison story and a potential character study of American adolescents, their relationship and what constitutes friendship between them.
The result is reasonably engaging and suspended, with the interaction of the girls, the Hank's investigation and the various tests and audiences, offering hope for their release, offering tensions - just like the possibility of prevention of their escape.
If "Brokedown Palace" has a major defect, it is the trend of its creators, such as tourists limited in time, to make frequent secondary trips in the fascinating alleys to reverse the direction halfway and return to the mainAvenue de l'Histoire.
And, if that was all that was "Brokedown Palace", it would not be a very good film.
But I believe that the writers and the director were after a bigger game and, in this, they succeeded.
For the main theme of the film, like the proposed name of its location, is freedom - in all its permutations.
In the end, the other sub-themes can be considered a dressing of windows.
Young and pretty, Alice (Danes) is an old soul; a wild teenager and streetwise with a thirst for freedom and adventure.
It is presented as a perfect blend of yin and yang, dark and light, its best prudent friend, Darlene (Beckinsale).
In clear and direct eyes, Alice is more complex than her friend.
She comes from a poorer environment, has the reputation of being in trouble and has lost the confidence of everyone (including her own father).
While Darlene's life is "on track", intended for college, marriage, children, a career, a suburban house, at the middle age and "development", Alice is uncertain, blurred and desire.
A poignant scene from the film shows Darlene shouting through a ditch open to visitors - friends and parents from home, whose life continues while hers is in limbo.
Revealing, Alice is present but not included.
Just as revealing their different personalities, when Alice and Dar arrive for the first time in Thailand, the opening and pleasure of Alice's face does not read the simple naïvet ?; The way she gets up and then stretchesThat she and her friend roll in a small boat, heading towards the sun, she really drinks in what she believes to be freedom, while "Dar" remains seated in the shade.
 "Brokedown Palace" begins with an alice admission of her guilt in a band recording sent to Hank.
Also involuntary, that's all Alice's fault.
She is responsible for persuading her friend to lie to her parents, to sneak in Hawaii security in the dangers of Thailand, to try the little scam that places them in the claws of the nasty Nick.
 (In the event of a lack of this point in the inevitable confusion of the beginning of a film, Darlene recalls obligatory Alice his guilt in prison.)
DAR, of course, is the voluntary dupe which, in its opinion, gives innocence.
It does not matter whether it was his coercion of a reluctant Alice to accompany him to Hong Kong who placed them in police custody in the first place or that his naive confession sealed their fate.
Dar is innocent.
it does not matter .
Alice is the subject of this film.
She and her journey to personal freedom.
Along the way, we are entitled to an antipathetic portrait of shallow American culture which created these girls with their half -cooked sensitivities and their materialist objectives.
In the end, this culture, like its representatives, "Yankee" Hank and Dar's father (a "man who knows how to grease the wheels"), turns out to be as helpless as his government in the face of the girl's tragedy.
The culture of Thailand, unlike most opinions, takes place much better in comparison.
It surprises me that criticisms have argued this point at both extremes.
I believe that the filmmaker's opinion was that Thai culture is very different from the American but not necessarily lower.
The Thai (with the sole exception of a corrupt official and a spy of nastiness) uniformly coherent in their behavior and faithful to their principles.
Girls are not better treated but certainly not worse than natives.
Their prison (in contrast striking with probable reality) was not a hole in hell, being relatively clean and sunny.
Penitentiary authorities required good hygiene, provided medical care if necessary, and "hard manual work" consisted in picking grass!
The Thai guards were authoritarian (what else?) But certainly not systematically sadistic.
As for the Thai judicial system, the reasoning of Thai judges, during a call hearing and in the penultimate scene of the film was devastating in its logic and its morality.
'Freedom' has many faces and "Brokedown Palace" explores a lot.
In the extreme, we have freedom of the body and freedom of the mind.
Some are content with the first one while others remain imprisoned with an entire nation to wander without the second.
But freedom rarely comes without price.
This is why the other slogan of the film are: "What is your dream?"
And "how far would you go?"
I believe that I could plead in favor of the interpretation that the person who reaches freedom, incarcerated or not, at the end of the film is Alice.
She finds redemption and salvation by accepting personal responsibility.
I think that the slight swimming only has its silhouette among the prisoners gathered in the final scene visually signals this fact.
The character of Kate Beckinsale could more well be compared to the bird of the "liberated" temple referred twice during the film ", trained to return to her cage."
As the Thai magistrate observed him in the climate scene of the film, the question has always been that of "character", and the Jamaican prisoner clearly indicated that "freedom" is carried out in itself.
If we think about the film, which character was transformed by their experiences?
Increasingly, the landscape of cinema seems to have become strewn with endless permutations of "Kung Fu Woman" - practically indistinguishable female characters from figures of male action.
Here is finally the story of a modern heroine.
By reading the comments of the many users, I was struck by what seems an unusual phenomenon: whether or not it was a person loved the film, almost everyone praised the actors.
Think about it.
When will you go back the last time you moved away from a cinema that perhaps hated him, but by delirging all the performances in it?
Make yourself a favor: rent "Brokedown Palace" and look at it with an open mind.
There is more there who meets the eye.