"The Faculty", the science fiction / horror film very publicized and announced which associated the director Robert Rodriguez ("Desperado" of 1995 and "From Dusk Till" of 1996) and the screenwriter Kevin Williamson ("Scream"and 1997 "and 1997 of 1997" 1997 "1997" 1997 "Scream 2"), is called a cross between "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" and "The Breakfast Club", and I don't think I could describe it better thanThat.
The film sets up the six central adolescent characters who do not seem to have much in common, then the aspect of science fiction is added, implying the fear that the faculty of Herrington High School is in fact extraterrestrials who transformEveryone quickly in the city.
The six characters, as in "The Breakfast Club", can be easily labeled as a stereotype, but as they are developed, they become much more complex: Casey (Elijah Wood), the very chosen on the nerd; Stokely (Clea Duvall), a Goth outplay hiding behind the false facade of being lesbian so that everyone avoids it; Zeke (Josh Hartnett), a drug trafficker who turns out to be a scientific groan; Stan (Shawn Hatosy), the star football quarter who plans to leave the team to focus more on academics; Delilah (Jordanna Brewster), the popular cheerleader and journalist in newspapers; and Marybeth (Laura Harris), the sweet new daughter in the south of the city.
Although the characters are only slightly connected (i. E.
Casey is the photojournalist assistant of Delilah; Marybeth tries to become friends with Stokely, because they are not both friends, etc.), when they all start to suspect teachers due to certain grotesque and strange events, the only people on which they can count for help are each other, even if they are not even really sure if they can trust themselves.
 "The Faculty" is another intelligent and pop-cultural film by Williamson, although it is not equal to its best film, the original "Scream", and Rodriguez, whose "From Dusk Till Dawn" is always oneof the most original gender from the 90s.
Williamson and Rodriguez are so assured in their professions, respectively, that the idea of teaming up together is almost obvious.
The intrigue of "the Faculty", involving extraterrestrials taking control of the bodies of others, has already been done a lot before, of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", to "The Puppet Masters", to "Invaders from March",So one of the obstacles that Williamson and Rodriguez had to overcome was to ensure that the idea seems fresh, and by putting the events in a high school and making protagonists a group of adolescents, they especially succeeded.
Admittedly, the conventions of history are always the same, and the culmination was inevitable, but there were some surprises along the way, including the question of who were foreigners and who were not.
The epilogue was also a refreshing labor change because it did not set up a suite but ended on a note that would probably not have been better.
The performances of "the faculty" were a treat throughout, because there were so many actors recognizable in roles which were the polar opposite of what they usually do.
An exception was adolescents who, apart from Elijah Wood, are not very well known, but they all well known, in particular Wood (the experienced pro), Clea Duvall and Jordanna Brewster.
As members of the faculty, Robert Patrick ("T2: Judgment Day") was frightening as a gym trail; Piper Laurie was fun and threatening as theater teacher; Bebe Neuwirth has actually looked like aExtraterrestrial; and Salma Hayek, as a school infirmer with a bad case of cold, was very funny in a small role.
The star, in my opinion, of the entire distribution was Famke Janssen who turns into a strangely touching performance as a shy and sweet English teacher who, after having transformed a stranger, becomes the sex bomb.
If there was the problem that I had with the faculty, it has w Like this, some of them have not received any real guardian in the culminating sequence.
Since adolescents realize that to save all those who must kill the "queen" foreigner, many members of the faculty disappear.
It could have been more fun if they were to face each of the teachers, although the final is still quite impressive, and includes effects of presentation creatures, especially for a relatively low budget of $ 15 million.
Although this is not one of the best horror or science fiction films I saw, "The Faculty" is always an exciting and worthy film that Dimension Films was intelligent to publish during the holiday season whenThis type of gender offer is generally not published.
Although history is as old as hills, it is also, in a way, timeless, because everyone, I think, suspected at one time or another that a certain person isJust not acted, as if they weren't really human.
And by putting this idea as part of a high school in a small town, it contrasts perfectly with the alienation that most adolescents generally cross with regard to adults and other peers.
+ Note: The advertising campaign and poster for this film is extremely misleading, because it presents the R&B artist Usher Raymond as one of the main characters.
In reality, he has only a small role as one of Stan's friends who became a quarter-arre after Stan resigned from the team.
If I were one of the dimension heads, I would change this advertisement at the same time, because it is not necessary and rather misleading.