I must admit that I will be a little biased in my review of the new serendipity of romantic comedy, because it also defines how I met my current girlfriend.
The magic and the mystery of our Destiny meeting is also embodied in the oddity and freshness of the very funny and very romantic serendipity.
I am not a big fan of the kind of romantic comedy, but something attracted me to this film.
It was perhaps the casting of the underestimated Jeremy Piven in a support role and the hilarious Eugene Levy.
Maybe I hoped that John Cusack would get the redemption he rightly deserves after such shit that high fidelity, the air and the tin push.
But it may be because I feel as dizzy as a school child right now with all this romantic thing currently in my life.
The history of serendipity is simple.
Two people, John Trager (John Cusack) and Sara Thomas (Kate Beckinsale, who seem so hot), have a fortuitous meeting on a pair of gloves - with Buck Henry Smack Dab in the middle.
Charming Beyond the repair, these two Knuckleheads seize a sundae together in a caf? Called Serendipity, talk about this irresponsible thing called Fate and the avenues that drive people and spend a few hours at the local ice rink.
But with each of them already involved in other parties, Sara has John to write her name and her number on a $ 5 note and she writes her name and her number on a copy of love at the time of cholera.
Sara says that if this "thing" - let's just call love - is intended to happen, fate will bring them together in the future.
Years later and on the opposite coasts of America, John and Sara - both committed but still uncertain if they have found their souls - decide to seek to rest their doubts.
What is happening then is a pleasant and often hilarious cat and mouse game with fate - involving articles such as erroneous identity, a graduate tribute, John Corbett as a bizarre musician and Eugene Levy as a seller inAnger and crazy -to know if this "thing" was just after all.
Fortunately, the first screenwriter Marc Klein sketched strong and well -balanced characters to propel a predictable and cheesy story.
Coupled with the skillful staging by Michael Chelom (director of the city and the very funny country and very funny bones) and the use of accelerated camera work to illustrate the passage of years - the film takes place with a realcredibility and sincerity.
Piven and Molly Shannon make beautiful acolyte characters
On the other hand, films like You Got Mail, Made in Heaven, and even high fidelity are silent inspirations of the main trip of the film at hand.
But this is what happens to the unexpected characters left in romantic wake after John and Sara found happiness, it is the most disturbing part of the image.