Not since 1996, Shine, who featured Geoffrey Rush as a pianist David Helfgott, has a film so definitively exposed the life of world class musicians.
In fact, if we had to watch these films together, it would almost certainly be a convincing argument that a music life naturally leads to all the varieties of social ills.
However, Hilary and Jackie, the second -year effort of director Anand Tucker, have something more to say - he slowly but strongly explores the complex relationships of rivalry and love brothers and sisters in a very convincing story.
Emily Watson and Rachel Griffiths are the tracks of this story, playing the sisters of the Profat
The two musicians of childhood, Hilary (Griffiths) are renowned flulutists while Jacqueline (Watson) is easily also qualified for the cello.
The two come for and win many honors as a child and as young women, both together and separated.
Their careers while the musicians exceed and then bow against each other, and although their lives take very different paths - Hilary settles in marriage and a family while Rachel jumps around the world during aWorld tour of concerts - they are linked together by their depths of the love of the family.
Watson and Griffiths' performance are excellent in style and substance.
They contrast wonderfully, and while the representation of Watson de Jackie from Professor is sometimes eccentric and perhaps antipathetic, the two characters are loaded with emotion.
Frank Cottrell Boyce's script, based on the Book of Hilary and Piers of Professor, also brings a lot of depth to these characters.
The script must also be congratulated for its double polished nature.
Cottrell Boyce adopts a style that could be expected to see in a mystery thriller (which was in fact the case with the script of David Koepp and Robert Towne for mission: impossible) and the mold skillfully in the history of twomusicians rising on different lessons to glory.
The last parts of his script are controversial to say the least, and the rather depressing end eliminates the wind from a story.
Some will leave this film by feeling deprived of their rights.
Nevertheless, Hilary and Jackie are a film that reaches a higher level of contemporary cinema through fundamental solids and is a decent watch all around.