Carry on Matron is the last big hand luggage film in my opinion.
Made in 1972, it still presents most of the such regulars.
Sid James plays the head of a gang of crooks determined to steal contraceptive pills at local maternity and selling them to make a profit, Kenneth Williams is Sir Bernard Cutt, chief of the hospital but also a hypochondriac, Hattie Jacques RéticleHattie Jacquesson Role of Matron and Charles Hawtrey is the psychiatrist Dr.Good.
The jokes quickly enter and laughs, with humorous buffoonemeries between Matron and Sir Bernard.
This time, Williams is after Matron (Jacques) when he needs to prove himself that he is a man after visiting Dr.goode.
The doctor (Hawtrey) is sworn in with secret: - "I assure you that everything you tell me today will go in one ear and straight out of the other!"
Bernard thinks he has a change of sex and must prove himself.
There are big cameos of Joan Sims, a pending mother who is late for several weeks and who constantly eats in each scene, and Kenneth Connor as a pending father who always thinks that he is at work (tothe train station).
The gang of Sid James, including Cyril, his son (Kenneth Cope) tries to know where the pills are by obtaining Cyril to dress in a nurse and to live in the nurses.
He must share a room with Nurse Ball (Barbara Windsor) and she sees it soon!
The film ends with the attempted theft of the hospital pills with panic that followed.
There are good performances by Hattie Jacques as a matron, but his character seems a little more moderate and quieter than his previous "matron".
Williams is, as usual, on the upper form, but Sid James does not have a very good role in this film and I would forgive anyone who forgets that he was in the film.
The same goes for Charles Hawtrey, because although he appears only in the film after 30 minutes and has a rare screen time, he seems to steal each scene in which he is.
By not using the talent of Sid James and Barbara Windsor, the film seems to wade, but it certainly compensates with its good scenario and its other attractive characters.
This film is really funny and I could watch it again and again and not be bored!