Matthew Broderick and the comedy of the school.
The two terms were practically inseparable since Ferris Buehler took the day in 1986.
Now he's 13 years later, and Broderick has another high school comedy, election, to show the world.
The day of leave of Ferris Buehler showed an educational framework similar to a bunch of marshmallows.
It was light, soft, tasty and sparkling.
But the election is very different.
This production is a dark and scary realistic that is much more than entertaining for the 103 minutes it occupies; it also shocks.
Jim McAlister (Matthew Broderick) is the type of teacher who makes American high schools proud.
He is a kind, attentive and younger man who built his life around Carver High School.
In turn, Carver High School provided him with a house.
Jim won the professor of the year no less than three times during his 12 -year period and is a highly respected social study teacher among the student body.
Tracy Flick (Reese Witherspoon) is an intelligent and outgoing young girl and, to quote the film "Super Nice" Young Girl.
It is involved in many extracurricular activities, always has the hand first in class and is extremely popular among most of the student body.
It is therefore a natural progression when she decides to present herself to the presidency of the school.
The Metzler family is extremely rich.
The father, Dick (Holmes Osborne), has a cement company.
The mother, Jo (Jeanine Jackson), is an ideal housewife.
And the two children, Paul (Chris Klein) and Tammy (Jessica Campbell), are both students of Carver High School.
Paul was a quarter of the football team before getting injured and is definitely a candidate for the most popular person in school.
Tammy is a lesbian who, to say the least, crosses a period of self -discovery.
For reasons of revenge, hatred and sexual envy, Jim convinces Paul to appear against Tracy for the president of the school.
He claims that in a democracy you need choice, and the fact that Tracy was without opposition creates a kind of dictatorship.
So Paul agrees and the race is on.
But then, in an effort to upset the two candidates, Tammy announces that she also runs.
His campaign is simple: people only arise to put it on their university applications, then they do nothing.
Well, "I don't even want to go to university," she said.
During the elections, there are no "good guys".
Almost everyone has their own program.
Regardless of the hidden depth, the production unearthes it and exploits it for the public.
Tracy is the type of person you remember the high school.
It is the girl who would be labeled "the most likely to achieve everything she wants" in the directory, and everyone secretly envied her because of this.
Jim is a teacher who has the confidence that students give him a privilege and use it to his own amoral advantage.
Everyone, including the director, a former teacher, all the candidates and even Paul's girlfriend are characters on both sides.
It is a large part of the beauty of this film, she does not have the typical good guys that Hollywood loves, but it is a realistic representation of the real world, specialized in the revelation of the type of sexual perversions that people keepgenerally for themselves.
Matthew Broderick could not have been more perfect for this role.
His character is often a award -winning role of Bill Murray similar in the 1998 film, Rushmore.
Of the two acts of actor, Broderick is far superior.
But even he is overshadowed by the young Reese Witherspoon.
The hatred that it makes the public develop towards it is simply indescribable.
Broderick and Witherspoon are simply their best when they play in various scenes.
Such a moment occurs when she approaches him in his car as he leaves school one day.
You can see your self -pride in your eyes when it presents a list of signatures, which makes it an EL Igible candidate.
And her subtle disgust towards her is apparent, although he tries to hide it between the lines and tries to put a happy face.
The support cast is one with a small Hollywood experience.
But it is far from apparent because everyone takes control of their part.
However, the real treat is Jessica Campbell in her confused role as a homosexual girl.
It is never more apparent than the scene where she gives her speech announcing her so-called platform of presidency.
She is just wonderful because her hatred towards what she thinks is an unjust system is expressed.
If Ferris Buehler made you feel good in American secondary schools and gave you an innocent laugh or two, the film has reached its goal.
But do not dare to think that the objectives of the elections are similar.
He is just as real in his representation of the school, as his characters in the real world.
There are certainly no heaps of marshmits here.