His fans are often said that Hal Hartley films are an acquired taste.
Indeed .
Although perhaps less dangerous than tequila shooters or the elastic jump, they require no less endurance and physical concentration.
I felt rewarded at the end of the madman Henry; this film slips on you - at 139 minutes slow, I mean flutter and despite the ambiguity of the final blow, I left completely satisfied.
Henry Fool ("used to have an" e '") arrives at Garbageman Simon Grim's house, says that the apartment of the vacant basement, and almost instantly inspires Simon (Urbaniak) to take writing-Henry (Martin Donovan Look-Alike Ryan) is anx-convict, an former former author who was "exiled and marginalized" by the publishing community because of his criminal activity.
Simon's poetry transforms it into a local sensation, because it fades to silent women, secondary girls and advisers to ruin themselves against its "pornographic" content.
Meanwhile, Henry seduces both the dependent mother of Simon (Porter) and the Immature sister (Queen of Sundance Posey) with a philosophical babbling (which is in turn brilliant and stupid) and a breathtaking animal lust.
These elements of history lead to both inevitable and unpredictable points; the teacher-student relationship formed between Henry and Simon finally reverses.
Henry Fool is sprinkled with Hartley-Ian flourishes: Simon drinks "Udderley's" milk; the big teen hangout is called "World of Donuts"; Simon carries the uniform of his garbageman everywhere; the style ofedition is decidedly elliptical ...
 (which is the key to the said ambiguity of the conclusion).
The performances of the three tracks are abrasive at the beginning, consciously "eccentric"; the introductory scenes are a chore.
These people grow up on you because they transmit a real passion, a belief in themselves and because they have long-term goals; Henry and Simon can drink a lot of budwe and spend time on the tram, but thisare not pop slackers.
The story is rather classic: the tutor is a better speaker than an office, raised in books; Timid Tutee has an innate talent of which his master only dreams.
 (Shades of Film School ...)
The finished film is epic in its proportions for such a small story, and the last third tests its patience, but Henry Fool is tight, barely excessive in its length.
As it is refreshing to see a film that long in 1998 entirely devoted to character.
And unless I nodded, not a single building exploded.
This, Hartley's seventh feature film, is contemplative about "the artist"; fortunately, we never get a sample of Simon's work, and this testifies to the actors and the scenario that at the end, we canSuppose what type of thoughts would pour out pens of these writers.