When I grew up in the 1970s, the boys of my school were divided into two groups, depending on their preferences for action film.
The first, including me the films loved films that presented spectacular car prosecution, a lot of machine gun fire and huge explosions.
The latter preferred the Martial Arts Films by Hong Kong, probably because they could (or, to be more precise, thought that they could) imitate his waterfalls in real life.
Decades later, while refining my own cinematographic taste, I started to appreciate and love these films, probably because of the overexposure to the idiocy of Ramboids Em-Up growth of the 1980s.
Yes, most Kung Fu films and other "martial arts" were cheap, they had a predictable and formula conspiracy, and asked for very few production values outside of martial arts skills.
But, at the same time, these films had their own rules and, in the hands of a capable director, could become a formidable guilty pleasure and a source of relaxation.
The best of these films, the one who spent the test of time and managed to keep his own cult status after the quarter of the century was entered in the dragon.
Made in 1973 in a joint company in Hong Kong - Hollywood, it was intended to bring the skills of Bruce Lee and the philosophy of Kung -Fu to the Western public.
He succeeded, but it is always questionable whether by his own merit or by the unhappy and mysterious death of Bruce Lee who immortalized the myth about this actor.
Lee plays a calm Shaolin monk who is an expert in martial arts.
He is approached by an interpol official who asks him to join a tri-annual martial arts tournament which is held on a remote island, owned and controlled by Han, Renegade Shaolin Monk.
Interpol suspects that the martial arts company is just a cover for drugs, firearms and prostitution and Lee must find the necessary evidence for the authorities to intervene.
Lee accepts the mission for personal reasons - O'Harra, Han's brutal bodyguard was responsible for the tragic death of Lee's sister for years ago.
The island is also the destination of two experts in colorful martial arts of us - Williams (played by Jim Kelly) is a black activist who comes from the racist police, and his friend Roper wants to earn money in order to pay debtsof play.
The intrigue of entering The Dragon was in many ways influenced by James Bond (the franchise 007 itself would make it the favor using elements of kung FU in man with the golden pistol two years later).
The main hero was faced with a megalomaniac eager for power on a remote island, alone against the whole army of bad guys.
On the other hand, Lee was a more credible hero than Bond; deprived of firearms and super technical gadgets, he had to rely only on his personal skills to survive.
At the same time, the intrigue, although extremely thin, even allowed him some internal battles - between the natural instinct to avenge his sister and his own anti -violent philosophy.
The latter provided opportunities to assess the skills of Lee actress and new elements to her impressive presence on the screen.
Although two other main players - John Saxon being the right white compulsory and Jim Kelly being the good compulsory black guy - were intended to share first place with Lee, they did nothing comic relief.
It is a real damage to see Kelly, certainly the worst actor that Saxon, to steal the scenes only because his lines, being the worst pictures of Blaxploitation, so damn over.
Other actors, not to mention Shih Kien who transforms Han into a bad Bondian, although not very convincing, are nothing more than fist of fists for Bruce Lee (among which is the young Jackie Chan).
Combat scenes are still impressive today as 25 years ago, although they mainly lack gore associated with this genre.
They are also more realistic (they were personally staged by Lee himself), asking for one or two to allow or kill the opponent. I am not an expert in martial arts or the fan of martial arts, but by comparing these scenes with typical scenes today, I simply cannot avoid appreciating the difference in relation to the fights of film todayHuch when masses of bloody pulp manage to get up from the ground and win at the end.
So, despite all the obvious flaws that prevent this film from being in the top 100 of all time, Tar The Dragon is an incredibly entertaining piece of cinema and the martial arts film which can be appreciated even by those who do notdon't like this particular genre.