The historic epic as a genre was almost banished from Hollywood in the early 1990s.
For many criticisms, scholars and, above all, film producers, it was something from the past - something that could only have attracted crowds to the era of black and white television and non -special effectsCGI.
But in 1995, as in the case of dances with wolves five years ago, the man who decided to use all his energy and his talents as an actor, producer and director in order to revitalize this particular genre.
And, as in the case of dances with wolves, he was rewarded for his efforts with "Oscars".
The name of the film was Braveheart, and the name of its director and main actor was Mel Gibson.
The intrigue recounts the life of the Scottish War Lord and the hero Folk William Wallace (1272 - 1305).
In his time, the English king Edward I "Longshanks" (played by Patrick McGoohan) has almost completely mastered whole British islands, whose Scotland, whose proud inhabitants are now subject to "Ius Primae Noctis" and various other forms of'Humiliation and oppression through English -Highmen.
Although the Englishman killed his father many years ago, the young Scottish common William Wallace (played by Mel Gibson) does not care about politics and only wants to live a peaceful life with his new brilliant wife (playedby Catherine Maccormack).
The death of Murron changes who and Wallace takes up arms and, with a small but devoted to disciples, begins a guerrilla campaign which would systematically destroy almost all the English garrisons in the country.
Over time, more and more people join its ranks and in 1298, the Rag-Tag army of Wallace obtained a surprising victory against the English knights in the battle of Stirling Bridge.
But newly won freedom is threatened by internal quarrels between the Scottish themselves, in particular the nobles under the pretender Robert the Bruce (played by Angus Macfadyen), who would not like to have a simple rotary as a national leader.
Braveheart was only the second film in Mel Gibson's director's career, so it would not be fair to compare it to the most famous gender classics made by David Lean or Anthony Mann.
However, even when we apply such criteria, Braveheart is more than a decent historic epic that adopts a new and refreshing approach of the genre.
The most notable element of this approach is naturalism.
While Older Hollywood Films Set in Medieval Europe Used to Give Fairytale-Like Vision of Picturesque Castles, Splendid costumes and Knights in Shining Armor, Gibson Shows Us the extremely Unpleasant World of Poverty and Feudal injustice where might Made Right.
This general inconvenience is particularly underlined in the scenes of the battle, where hand-to-hand combat is posted naturalist in all its bloody details, never seen since the flesh and the ultra-natural blood of Verhoeven.
Compared to this naturalistic approach, most of the old Hollywood epics look like stage plays.
Braveheart also employs humor in good places, not only to make the bloody realities of the medieval British islands more bearable to the sensitive public, but also to highlight its earth-up-to-earth atmosphere, so different from previous historical epics.
What makes braveheart "greater than life" is its protagonist.
Mel Gibson obviously invested a lot of energy and talent in the contribution The legendary figure of William Wallace and, therefore, the character of the poems of the 15th century is transformed into a superhuman that resembles comics at the end of the 20thcentury.
Wallace is more than higher than his enemies, both physically and mentally, but he is able to show his sensitive and more vulnerable side.
Naturally, when the character is based on epic poems, most of the historical precision descends (which was the case with almost all Hollywood epics in the 1990s).
However, even those who do not particularly care about history or are Ready to give a poetic license to the scriptwriter Randall Wallace might think that he went above by idolizing Wallace, in particular in the second part of the film when the Scottish superhero manages to seduce Princess Isabel (played by Sophie Marceau)And to make her a child.
For this reason, the disbelief is barely suspended and the final scenes are not as effective as they should be.
Mel Gibson as an actor is really wonderful, and he is also helped by a small army of very good British and Irish actors.
The most memorable of all is Patrick McGoohan, whose medieval cold, calculated and evil monarch is one of the most effective bad guys seen in contemporary cinema.
Brendan Gleeson (who would later become famous for his role in General de Boorman) is also very good as a companion of confidence of Wallace, as well as Ian Bannen is effective as a king struck by leprie John Balliol.
David O'harra is very entertaining as an Irish Allié de Wallace, and Angus Macfadyen brings a lot of anxiety in his character struck with Robert the Bruce.
The women of this film have rather ungrateful roles, especially Marceau as a unidimensional French princess.
Catherine McCormack as Wallace's wife was more interesting, but she was eliminated from the image from the start.
From a technical point of view, the film is also very good.
John Toll's photography brings a lot of natural Scottish beauty on the screen.
On the other hand, the musical score of James Horner uses too many modern instruments for a vintage piece taking place in medieval times.
Although welcomed by criticisms and the public, Braveheart has often been criticized for homophobia and other forms of extreme conservatism.
The main reason was the fact that Gibson, among many historical facts, chose to be faithful only to those linked to the sexual orientation of the son of "Longshank", Prince Edward (played by Peter Hanly).
It is not only presented as a villain, but also as one of the least competent in the nasty camp - and portraying homosexuals as bad or lower than heterosexuals is an almost unforgivable sin in "politically correct" Hollywood.
To make things even more obvious, the good guys in this film are the total opposite of effeminate and incompetent mountain men - rugged mountain men who are more practical and effective because they tend to use the common sense of the conservativesPlace of theories in the fashion of the Liberals of the Ivory Tower.
However, although the message of this film can look at the right, it owes more to the left ideology of various national liberation movements in the 20th century.
According to this ideology, the oppressed classes (workers, peasants) are better suited to fight for national freedom because their members have less to lose in this struggle and, as such, they are more radical, less willing to make compromiseAnd more effective; on the other hand, the privileged classes (aristocracy, bourgeoisie) are more likely to betray the cause of freedom and to be wicks with foreign oppressors in order to maintain their privileges.
This vision of the Marxist world is presented in Braveheart without any subtlety.
In the end, whether the public is patient enough to discover hidden meanings or that he simply wants to take advantage of entertaining historical epic, Braveheart is more than an adequate choice for all fans of this recently resuscitated kind.