It may be time for me to say a little about my reading habits.
I really like to read and I enjoyed many books in my lifetime.
My problem is that I am a slow reader, and not very dedicated - I will take advantage of parts of a book, then I will put it for months at a time (it took me the last six weeks to spend the first hundred pupils'Anna Karenina, even if I like the book).
In addition to that, I generally read nothing after the 19th century.
The only reason for which I care about this information is because I feel badly admitting, repeatedly, that I have read none of the books on which these films are based (the only exception, I believe, is greatexpectations).
However, I do not think it should be necessary to read the book in advance in order to judge the quality of the film.
Needless to say, I have not read the novel by Elmore Leonard out of sight, on which is based the new film by Steven Soderbergh.
I cannot say how faithful it is of an adaptation, or if it is up to Leonard's vision.
I can say that it is a great film, with a lively game, a big dialogue and a pumping full of energy and style injected by Soderbergh.
It is certainly a good distraction of the range of brain -free superproductions of 1998, all desperately wishing that this size had.
Out of sight proves that this is not the case.
I initially wrote George Clooney as an actor to a note, incapable of depth but sometimes showing a little flair.
After seeing his latest performance in this film, I changed my mind - this guy can act, but he also has this energetic presence which will certainly make him one of these $ 20 million superstars.
Here, he plays Jack Foley, an average age guy who steals banks to make a living.
He does it because it's fun, I think, but the film opens with him being caught because his car will not start.
He goes to prison - which is interesting - only to burst five cinematographic minutes later with the help of his friend, Buddy (twenty rhames).
We are then presented to Karen Sisco (Jennifer Lopez), a U.S.Marshall who, conveniently, waits with a hunting rifle while Jack escapes.
Fortunately, they take her hostage, and she and Jack spend quality time in the trunk together while Buddy pushes them safe.
The central conflict occurs when Jack and Karen become obsessed with each other, although their respective jobs make them superficially incompatible.
We soon learn that the film is not told in the sequence (and, since it is a grainy criminal comedy, pulp fiction flashbacks should occur).
At the beginning, I sort of felt that it was a gadget, but I guess it was also a gadget in Pulp Fiction.
It is a funny gadget, however, and Soderbergh treats the equipment with enough humor for everything to stand out naturally.
I have seen only a few of Soderbergh's films (I was impressed both by Kafka and sex, lies and video), but I think it is excellent in what it does.
He is an artist without making him obvious and without being pretentious, which is always admirable.
He uses tips, yes (many freezing tips here), but everything adds to the smooth and eccentric currents of the film.
As I said, Clooney is great, and he is equaled by Lopez.
Lopez is, of course, beautiful, but it can also act.
I can feel that she is perfecting herself on her skills, because she stands out more natural here than she did in one of her previous projects (not that Stone gave her a lot of help in the halfUA tower).
The two actors stopped chemistry between them - the best scene in the film, by far, is the seduction scene.
The brilliance of this scene is also due, in part, to Soderbergh, because it cuts in both directions of their silent discussion in a physical act bar which takes place a few minutes later.
The scene is a series of nuances and sweet looks, superimposed on a light dialogue, and the result is one of the best love scenes In recent cinema - significant and captivating.
The support cast is strong, led by the twenty rhames always reliable.
Dennis Farina, who plays Karen's father, is good, just like Don Cheadle as the deeply stupid bad guy.
Steve Zahn, who plays Jack's almost brain dead, Glenn, steals all his scenes (and it's in a film where each scene is already at a high level).
All the actors are helped by dialogue and the scenario intelligently built by Scott Frank.
Out of sight is certainly a light film, although there are a few heavy moments that will persist in memory.
Overall, I can just recommend it as excellent entertainment.
Not all films should change your life, and it's nice to see a film that uses art to tell a great story and simply to entertain your viewers.
As for the book, this film is good enough to make me believe that there could be something in the text that deserves to be watched.