What a great film.
What an astonishing, touching, heartbreaking, comforting film, affirming life and miraculous.
> From its opening moments, _life is magnificent_ walks this fine line between a serious tragedy and a edifying comedy.
A car without brakes accelerates through the city, and Guido (Roberto Benigni) motivates people to move away.
They confuse him to be the fascist president, traveling in their city that day.
Heil!
Heil!
eh ?
Shortly after, the president crosses and people look, with empty faces.
It's standard, but in a way fresh and postmodern stuff: the clown who is also a Jew, triumphs over the anti -Semitic society in which he = lives.
Admittedly, _The large dictator_ comes to mind - Charlie Chaplin + S almost a masterpiece.
I think that Lib (that Benigni wrote and directed) prevails over GD in an essential point: Chaplin + S Barber Jew gives a big discourse to the highest point, but to do it, he had to break completely from the character.
Benigni receives a similar situation: he is mistaken as a fascist dignitary, and must explain to a classroom filled with schoolchildren = how scientists have concluded that the Aryans are the upper race.
Benigni + S Guido remains of character and pronounces the speech, keeping = the subject intact while showing the absurdity of his concept.
He = is one of the great satirical scenes of modern cinema.
There are many other scenes, especially in the first half, which are shiny and curly and funny and idiots.
Slapstick Reigns, and although the film is subtitled, there was no doubt that a universal language was being transported.
And although it focuses on the Guido's nuptial parade = in Dora (played by Nicoletta Braschi, Benigni + S Real Life Wife), a silent undercover slips.
It is clearly a racist society, as evidenced by the aforementioned scene and others, and that will soon affect it and = his family.
The second half of the film takes place five years later, in an unnamed concentration camp, where Guido, Dora (by its insistence), and their five -year -old son, Giosu = E9 (Giorgio Cantarini), are expelled.
Guido, seeing the horrors, is desperate to protect his wife and child.
For = his wife, who is separated from him, he must find ways to communicate to her that he is fine.
For his son, (and this is the most controversial part of the film), he convinces the young person that it is a whole big game developed: the rules + s include the hiding place, the fact of being very calm andLearn not to ask for a few seconds.
What raises major questions: how to manage pain?
with persecution?
With injustice at the worst level?
He + s said that tragedies bring out the best of people, finding forces that they did not realize that they had.
Other times, they deteriorate, become exceeded = with little strength or incitement to swim.
Sometimes even people laugh in these moments, as if there was a vacant emotion behind them, sucking on a certain light to appease their wounds.
Benigni + S Guido realizes it.
He's the clown, but he's not a fool.
He sees insults and vandalism, and while feeling the weight of = verbal attacks, he always has the audacity to see if everyone around him, perhaps even antagonists, laugh.
His freedom is stripped, but not his dignity, and certainly not the dignities of those around him.
It is obvious from the start that here is someone who is very against the fascism and the absurdity of an Aryan nation, but who does it with a smiling and joyful behavior.
It may be a form of denial.
Maybe his alternative reality is all he could bring together (a bit like _brazil_ very different).
Or ...
It may be an example of great strength, without arms but = spirit.
Whatever its objectives, it is subject to debate, but also a sure sign that it is one of the great three -dimensional characters, blocked in the midst of a terribly risky concept.
surprise In terms, it works.
It is an important footnote that this film was not intended to be a faithful reflection of the holocaust.
It is not that the atrocities are trivialized, far from it.
They must not be broadcast and explicitly shown to bring together the same horror - without is more.
I believe = that Benigni was prudent to preserve the tone, and I like the theory that it is the alternative reality of Guido + that we see.
However, any criticism that it rewrites history, that the Holocaust was not as bad as it seems, is simply off target.
Benigni + S Film has won audience prizes in Cannes, in Toronto, and is a final shoo-in for the best foreign language film (hopefully for the best image too).
He was appointed honorary Jew by a cinematographic company in Jerusalem.
He swept the prices of the Italian Academy.
Notwithstanding the controversy, it is one of the great films of this year, and to date, the one to beat for the best film.
masterful.
miraculous.
An essential.