Land: This film takes place over a day.
It is a drug training of a recruited cop alongside a experienced police veteran.
The recruit does not know much about "street justice", so the older cop teaches it the way things work in the "real world".
How even the cops like them must "bend the rules" and "violate the law" from time to time, in order to catch the very bad.
Critality: a fairly intense little film with a solid game at all levels, some ups, some of the stockings and an exciting end, despite some small faults.
I really enjoyed this film because he followed two extreme characters and put them in situations that made me ask me what I would do if I was in their place.
The film enters the "dirty" side of, well ... the
Dirt in the streets and teaching the recruit cop (and us, the public) how things really work there.
Of course, we receive this lesson from a man who put a lot of foam in his time, but the things he seems to do is not exactly in place.
And there is the pleasure of the film.
Do you agree that you should break down a few small laws yourself in order to store people who break the very big ones?
Well, as the film progresses, we are given two points of view with regard to this situation, and for me, the two parties had a meaning at one time or another.
And you have to give a lot of credit to the script for this, the director, who builds the film wonderfully (with the darkness of the day leading to darkness in the script) and the two actors who deliver their pieces to the shovel.
Hawke, first of all, because he rarely plays these "commercial" roles but does it perfectly here, with a vulnerable side that makes you feel for the bastard just from the top.
And Denzel, well, what can you say about Mr. Washington who has not already been said before?
He passes according to his usual high level style here, and gives the public a completely different side of his talent, which I would personally want to see more.
He is nice, he is not so nice, he is intelligent, he is not so intelligent, he cares and he is a dog all along.
The few problems I encountered with this film included the redundant nature of everything at some point (okay, we get it ... you
must be bad to face these bad guys ... Continue) and it is really major "coincidence" which involved a bathtub, which saved the day for a character, but seemed a little too "practical" to my taste.
I never really understood how the character of Washington came out of a certain difficult situation, to be seen to drive his car in the very next scene.
But obviously, these small faults did not surround my general pleasure of this tense drama, a film that brings you to the streets, in corners and recruits, and in the moral dilemma which is between the judicial system and the dayat-day Drug Busts.
See it if you want to fight with some of these problems yourself, see it if you want to see Denzel and Ethan set up a palpable chemistry on the screen and see if you like to hang on to your very siege handstight during unfilm.
In fact, see it for the scene in which Ethan Hawke plays cards with a multitude of ganging bangers alone ... Dang, now it's intense!
Where does Joblo come from?
The Corruptor (7/10) - Crimson Tide (9/10) - L. Un .confidential (/10) - Mortal weapon (8/10) - Requiem for a dream (8/10) - Sept (10/10)- Tree (7/10) - Traffic (8/10)