Capsule: a short continuation of a hit with the two films of dinosaurs made by Steven Spielberg.
Joe Johnston directs a simple story of an excursion to the island of dinosaurs.
It allows us to see new dinosaurs (is it an oxymoron?) And gives us a pleasant adventure and generally reasonably written.
The film is neither ambitious nor pretentious.
I had a good time .
 , low +2 (-4 to +4)
Here is my credibility.
This is a film I expect to be a minority.
I liked the third film Jurassic Park.
I even liked the second film Jurassic Park.
In many ways, Jurassic Park: The Lost World was a creative braiding for three in the novel by Michael Crichton, The Lost World, the novel by Arthur Conan Doyle, The Lost World, and the classic classic cinematographic version of Doyle.
JP2 was an adventure, as Doyle said, "for the boy who is half man or the man who is half boy."
This is what all the films Jurassic Park.
To expect that they give an overview of the spectator on the human condition is to expect your car to vacuum.
Classic adventure films like Gunga Din or King Solomon's Mines also had undeclicated characters.
Jurassic Park III is an adventure entirely released on an island inhabited by dinosaurs.
The characters are a little more complex than they seem at the beginning, and even it is a little more complex than I expected.
Some of the characters who start by looking stupid and useless are not proving to be either as the film takes place.
This degree of complexity combined with these very realistic dinosaur effects is more or less as I need.
I think I had my money.
The story opens with Eric (played by Trevor Morgan) and the ascending parachute near the prohibited island of Isla Sorna off the coast of Costa Rica.
It was the research island where dinosaurs were created for the Jurassic Park, now disappeared.
They hope, without a doubt, to take a look at the dinosaurs of the island of a safe height.
The height is safe, but the driving of the boat in the water is not.
The two soon find themselves in difficulty and have to abandon their parame on the island where they indeed have a better overview of the dinosaurs they had planned.
Flash in the United States and someone offers to finance the paleontologist Alan Grant (Sam Neill) in his research if he will fly over Isla Sorna and act as a guide.
He said that no force on earth where paradise could bring it back to the real dinosaurs.
But again, money convinces him to drop what he does and to leave.
Doing the convincing is a rich and eccentric couple (William H
They also plan to see the island from a safe height grant is relieved to learn.
He will fly over this island at a safe altitude just once.
RIGHT .
Guess what's going on then?
JP3 probably works better as a suite than JP2.
He first had Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) rather than the Ian Malcolm much less attractive.
Sattler has a much smaller role in JP3, but is still present to link this story to the first.
Curiously, each film seems to organize a signature scene with characters that cling to a large metal object which is about to make a great distance.
One thing that does not fully correspond to previous films is just like Grant discovers that Raptors can be able to talk to each other, suddenly, they seem to do it all the time.
They did not seem to converse in previous films.
Of course, these raptors seem a bit different too, so perhaps these are a different related species.
Not only are they smarter than in past films, but they are also more sympathetic.
In this story, they not only kill machines, they have reasonable reasons for what they do beyond nutrition.
This time, they can be a little too anthropomorphized.
Each new film in Th The E series presents new dinosaurs, of course.
In this film, a major threat comes from a spinosaurus, not as common or also known as Tyrannosaurus, but larger and probably more mean.
He has a crocodile head and the body that looks like a straight diminish dimetrodon.
Perhaps as an economic measure or simply to create a mood, the team of visual effects often obscures our vision of dinosaurs.
Sometimes they move too fast to see.
Sometimes darkness or fog obscures our vision.
On a few occasions, we obtain an unconvincing matte shot, in particular the laboratory.
But there is less money on the screen in terms of dinosaur effects than in the two previous films.
Don Davis 'musical score strongly borrows John Williams' score for the first film.
Joe Johnston, who realizes, already has two very good films on his credit, I recommend the Rocketeer and October Sky.
A team including Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor known for the election writes the script.
The film they made is far from a big cinema, but it's always fun.
If you are pleased to see what a lot of dinosaurs live today, the film is for you.
I note a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the scale from -4 to +4.