The countries and legal systems which take seriously the principle of the rule of law, had prohibited judges and juries from making judgments in all questions which could involve them personally.
Fortunately, film reviews are not overwhelmed by such legislation.
Otherwise, a small swimming pool of very special films would be ignored forever by this criticism.
In the case of Star Wars, 1977 George Lucas Science Fiction Epic, the consequences would be even more serious, because this film is very special for tens of millions, even hundreds of millions of fans.
In any case, objectivity is rarely observed in Star Wars criticisms, because the undisputed majority of criticism will judge him as one of the best, if not the best film of all time.
Those who generally do not have difficulty hiding their artistic snobbery.
The author of this criticism must also concede his inability to use cold and objective standards in the revision of this film.
Like so many previous criticisms, I should note that I watched Star Wars for the first time twenty years ago and that I have been enchanted by experience since.
It was perhaps a childish fascination for, hitherto unimaginable, wonders that occurred a long time ago, in a galaxy far.
Or maybe it was the rush that I felt a few minutes before the opening shots, with my expectations already pumped by serialized comics and a romanization that I had read before.
Anyway, watching Star Wars was one of the most important film experiences in my life.
And he has also been unrivaled for many years to come, because very few films have managed to have such a strong impact on me like the epic of George Lucas.
Star Wars was not only an important film for me (or the millions of fans who probably share the same feeling).
It was the decisive moment in the history of modern cinema.
Until the American film industry was in a limbo; social disorders in the 1960s practically destroyed the old Hollywood, and the new authors have fulfilled the void, mainly using financial and technical resources ofHollywood to create serious and "personal" or "artistic" films.
Consequently, the public, traumatized by the dark reality of Vietnam and Watergate, did not want to see the same dark and serious content on the silver screen.
George Lucas with his science fiction epic was among the first to save herself.
The public responded with unprecedented enthusiasm, and a huge financial success of the film, later supported by the toy industry of toy, books, comics, role -playing games and other goods, slowly startedto change the face of Hollywood.
Serious and adult films with artistic ambitions have been forgotten and have been replaced by industrial products in "blockbuster" philosophy.
One of the greatest victims of this trend was the kind of science fiction film.
Until 1977, science fiction films were mainly in the field of production B.
At the end of the 1960s, more important budgets for science fiction were no longer so strange, thanks to the great success of 2001: a spatial odyssey.
But the same success coincided with the rise of peesmism, and Hollywood science fiction was as dark as the rest of its production - dark dystopian films.
However, in 1977, Star Wars showed once and for all that this kind can be an inspiration for popular films, even among the public who generally does not like it.
Consequently, the gravity of cinematographic science fiction began to pass out, although good, dark and cult SF and continues to be filmed until the early 1980s.
After that, science fiction continued to be considered synonymous with family entertainment.
Ironically, the man responsible for Star Wars was at his time considered as a member of the generation of "New Hollywood" of young film authors who made films "Artsy" and "Personal" in the early 1970s.
George Lucas established himself with the film Dystopic SF Thx 1138 and the nostalgic drama American Graffiti.
The two films were considered "personal" in his Tim E, despite the last, becoming very popular.
In a sense, Star Wars is also a very "personal" film, and the thorny way of final production shows that commercial considerations were against, not for that.
But unlike many "personal" films of the time, his "personality" was in accordance with the wishes of the general public.
The intrigue, settled "a long time ago, in a distant galaxy", begins at an era of civil war.
The evil empire is threatened by the rebels who want to restore the old Republic.
In order to cancel any opposition, the Empire had built the death star, Superweapon powerful enough to destroy whole planets.
The information on the death star, acquired by Rebel Intelligence, is transported by Princess Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) when her ship is intercepted by Imperial Cruiser.
Princess is arrested by Imperial Warlord Dark Vader (played by David Prowse and Voice by James Earl Jones), but the information is sent to the neighboring desert planet of Tatooine via two Humanoid robots - C3PO (Anthony Daniels) and R2D2 (Kenny Baker).
These two robots are sold to the family of Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill), an agitated young man who wants to leave his farm and become a space pilot.
His adventure begins when R2D2 escapes, because the information must reach the mysterious local hermit Obi Wan Kenobi (Alec Guiness).
The old man is in fact the last surviving Jedi knight, member of the old order who defended the Republic thanks to the use of mystical force.
After some hesitation, Luke agrees to join Obi Wan in his mission to save the princess, while the old man would teach her the ways of force.
Their small group arrives on the colorful space of Mosse Eisly, where they hire the spaceship belonging to the Rogue Han Solo pilot (Harrison Ford) and his chewbacca fur acolyte (Peter Mayhew).
Critics who do not like the film, in particular those who cannot forgive Lucas for his contribution to the cancellation of "New Hollywood", are inclined to indicate the lack of originality.
On the surface, they can be right; Lucas himself admits that he has found a lot of inspiration in the tradition of old Hollywood films - wwii aviation, old sf cliffhanger serials of the 1930 and 1940; however, the elementThe most obvious would be the classic of the samurai of Akira Kurosawa, The Hidden Fortress.
On the other hand, those who have spent the last two decades to study the film to death would say that the inspiration for Star Wars has been even further - in the collective subconscious of Western civilization (which can be heard by a few references from Tolkienlight).
The others would find the element of the author in history - Star Wars could be considered an anti -establishment film; young heroes, long hair, easy to live and who love nature fight against old forces,tense and oppressive that use supertechnology for the most demonic purposes.
Even from its historical or social context, Star Wars is impressive as a strictly technical piece of the seven arts.
The management of George Lucas is very good, with intelligent montage and a well -paced segment between action and dramatic accumulation.
The characters are well drawn and deliver all the necessary ingredients, both for the space opera and the Hollywood blockbuster.
We have a hero "of the age of age, a young lady in constraint (somewhat attenuated due to popular feminist trends of the time), reluctant aid, a benevolent mentor,A diabolical villain and, finally, comic relief in the form of two non -human persons.
Some actors are very good - Alec Guiness in its most famous role to date, James Earl Jones whose voice is sufficient to cause discomfort, Peter Cushing as an incarnation of pure evil in human form.
Unfortunately, the same thing cannot be said for the main tracks - among the main trio of Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford, only the last one had the three -dimensional character to launch his new acting career.
The thing that looked like the most important segment of ST Ar Wars phenomena during its initial version were the new level of special effect technology.
Often comparisons with 2001: Space Odyssey, another revolutionary SF film, quoted the number of effects as a proof of the superiority of Lucas over Kubrick.
However, the special effects of John Dykstra and John Stears are indeed impressive, even after two decades (although the 1997 special edition has improved them considerably), but they are not the best known brand in the film.
This honor should certainly go to the soundtrack winner of "Oscar" by John Williams, whose work on Star Wars is probably the brightest jewel of his brilliant career.
New generations of viewers could be somewhat deprived of the enchantment that always holds those who are fortunate to witness the original exit of Star Wars.
However, even if they are safe from the magic of George Lucas, they should nevertheless watch this film, perhaps only to familiarize themselves with something that is essential of contemporary culture.