Each year - each year at the festival, I wait for this film to happen, the one that takes me just from my seat, sticks the face next to my nose, and roars "overwhelm!"
In my puzzled face.
It's almost always a surprise.
It is sure that Niflheim was this time.
Amazing Grace and Chuck is announced as a modern fairy tale, from a Montana boy who leaves his team from the Little League for a very unusual reason.
And, in the hands of anyone less cautious than the creative staff of this film, it could very well be nothing more than a fairy tale, where we drive eyes from time to time, we smile at ourselves, andMaybe we were a forced tear of the eyes and a "boy, I want it to happen" sighing lips by leaving the theater and throwing the pepsi cup in the trash.
Another E.T.
Another short circuit.
This film ended me, for the simple reason that even if he has a concept of fairy tale, the rest of the film takes itself quite seriously and presents itself well enough, to make it more an American folk tale, withCharacters who are both icon and real people at the same time.
America has always had its mythical heroes, its Paul Bunyans and John Waynes; this film presents us more general, but always universal ideals: honest and innocent children who have their own inner wisdom; the athletes who seem to be mergers ofCourage, honor and love for their respective sport; the venerable elected official who leads with kindness and understanding, but has the grain to get things done when they need to do (the latter seems familiar?).
Amazing Grace and Chuck is a showcase for these characters, but that never leaves you with the feeling that he is artificial, that he stands behind the window, or that any sharp breeze - or, more importantly, clear thought- Shatter the facade of Ciredu Panorama.
It is a very robust scenario.
Directors always have a dialogue and always give performances - always (it moves me away) - which made them look real, but applies their particular mythical role.
The writer / producer, David Field, seems literally to take all thoughts "yeah, but in real life, it would have happened" that you get in your head, glues them in the film and use them to fold the intrigue toHis original direct, stronger way at that time!
Amazing!
He uses obstacles to the plot to * apply * that!
I am really impressed (indeed, envious) by the competence in which he wrote history and the script; it is so unusual, especially in a Hollywood film.
I don't want to give too much, but the basic premise is that Chuck (Joshua Zuehlke), the little league launcher decides to abandon baseball because of nuclear weapons.
His decision begins a series of improbable events that involve another athlete, a Boston basketball player (Alex English), "Amazing" Grace Smith, and, well, I would not give it upThis film for you for you world.
Let me say this, however: I do not recommend this film because I think it has an excellent message or because of the political positions that this could involve.
I do not give the ass of a rat for the political point of view that this film expresses, in one way or another; I recommend that you go see this film because, and only because it isAn excellent story, told with excellence.
No, I do not believe that what is happening in this film could happen in real life; although I tend to believe that the policy of control of the weapons of this country is stowed, I believe in meticulous negotiations, inMutual verification, etc. Take what I think.
The fact is that this film is able to suspend my disbelief and tell a story that is one of the most finely designed American dream pieces that I have ever seen on the cinema screen.
It is natural and more - all unpretentious mythical qualities or the forced feeling of the conclusion, and a much better script to start.
it made me enter the beliefs and ideals of my childhood - and, more importantly, without any bumps or jerks that would make me out of the trance with a suspicion of self -awareness.
Special congratulations to: both ZUEHLKE (a launcher from the real little league that was chosen for the role) and the English (an attacker for the Denver Nuggets) for their transparent personification of their characters; Jamie Lee Curtis, who playsAn surprisingly small role and makes him extremely memorable as a manager and friend of Amazon; William L. Peterson (in a * Grand * change compared to his role in to Live and Die in L. A.) As a father who showsPrinciples without having to get up and wave a flag doing it; and Gregory Peck, like the guy we really want to Ronald Reagan (and who, according to some numb, always thinks he is