As I got out of Tiger squatting, hidden dragon, I told myself that I had just seen a great film.
With the passage of a few hours, I tempered my enthusiasm and I started to think about the question of whether a masterpiece must implicitly be a "big" work and viceversa.
Trying to make a distinction can be a question of hairs division.
I avoided a commitment by using etymology.
As the word indicates, a masterpiece is a work that embodies the skills of a master.
As such, it should be enough to say that it is an exceptional quality product.
Tiger squatting, the hidden dragon fits comfortably in this category.
Tiger squatting, Hidden Dragon plunges the spectator into an idealized world of oriental folklore, with the required mixture of legend, fantasy, magic and mythology.
He recalls a Wagnerian epic with characters who might as well be half -god - greater than life, purer than life, stronger than life, physically invincible and capable of accomplishing superhuman exploits, but with ahuman soul that ultimately makes them vulnerable.
All the classic elements of eastern mysticism are thrown into the mixture, including the art of contemplation and the concept of martial dexterity as the physical equivalent of spiritual advancement.
The classic struggle between good and evil is the inevitable backdrop, with advanced masters of each and a golden student, who must choose between the two.
It is the gifted pupil who, under the influence of the bad master steals the Holy Grail in the form of a magic sword which is at the center of the conflict in the heart of the legend.
The elements of the romance on two different levels of illumination (a pair of masters and a pair of young people) are represented poignantly.
The paradox of the eastern eastern reservoir side by side with all the consumer passion in the same breast is efficiently projected.
The combat scenes are superb balletic tours of force, not to take literally but clearly to be appreciated as a superb cinematographic art, just like the jumps and the prodigious flights to, since and between the roofs, the martial fight at the top of theBamboo that influences bamboo that influences and influencing bamboo and between the roofs and between the roofs, the branches and the fighters jumped like pebbles along the surface of a lake.
There is no question of suspended disbelief when you are in the presence of poetry.
As in a Wagnerian opera, there is a substantial history, which takes place at an ordinary human level, but the entire project must be accepted as a work of art rooted in fantasy.
Do not assume, however, that art is linked.
For those who are put off by the "Art" label, this film can be recommended with confidence as a captivating entertainment at the levels of adventure, action and romance.
There are no weak performance in this film.
Michelle Yeoh permeates her character with depth, humanity and wisdom.
Chow Yon Gras projects dignity and purity of the heart.
Zhang Ziyi is a budding superstar.
She is a beautiful and totally convincing radiance in a role with multiple facets.
Cheng Pei Pei as an evil master and Chang Cheng while Prince Bandit is admirably attached.
Congratulations to the writers James Schamus, Wang Hui Ling and Tsai Kuo Jing, the choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping, the director of photography Peter Pau and the musical director Tan Dun, who contribute quality components to this extraordinary film.
Ang Lee as director, co -producer and brain of the project obtains the share of the credit lion.
This is intended to be one of these films that everyone loves, including those who hate martial arts.
Don't miss him.