What if one of our cities became the target of terror?
What can we do ?
What can America really do with the growing threat of terrorism?
What fundamental human rights are we ready to sacrifice to prevent another Oklahoma City disaster?
So far, America has been the main nation, opposing fundamentalist terrorists around the world.
It is the country of opportunities.
It is the country of freedom.
But what happens if it became the new target?
This dark fantasy unfortunately has a very strong land in reality.
When a special branch of the American army, under the command of General William Devereaux (Bruce Willis), takes the suspected terrorist certificate Sheik Ahmed Bin Talal, Islamic fundamentalists around the world.
The only warning that the FBI receives is a single cryptic message: "Free it".
Then all hell stands out in New York.
A bus is destroyed, killing 25 civilians.
A Broadway theater is bombed.
The hostages are taken in a school.
As a wave of terrorist activities, the president must consider whether the only way to save the city and break the grip of fear is to declare martial law.
Devereaux pleads against this possibility, but is nevertheless ready to lead 10,000 men to action on American soil.
Anthony Hubbard (Denzel Washington), the FBI agent responsible for investigating terrorist activities.
Its staff is made up of intelligent, energetic and intelligent men and women, very unlike the usual group O!
F Federal Idiaux, we are used to seeing in films.
Hubbard is developing a difficult alliance with the CIA agent, Elise Kraft (Annette Bening), whose department knows more about the situation than it is ready to reveal it.
But attacks increase.
The FBI is helpless, chasing an invisible enemy.
The earth is besieged.
They lost control ... a
Terror comes from inside.
What is great in this film is that it is like it was holding a mirror in life.
It reflects reality.
And that's why it has such an impact.
Edward Zwick created an intelligent, well written and terrifying thriller that could very well be one of the best films of the season.
The director manages to tell several stories simultaneously.
And so his film plays on several levels, without ever focusing on its main objective.
He explores the abuse of power, the suspicious relations that exist between various segments of the U.S. Government (the army, the FBI and the CIA).
He takes a look at the inherent complexities when so many secrets and lies are involved.
The Palestinian community in 1998 New York is treated exactly as Americans of Japanese origin during the Second World War.
There are concentration camps and illegal burials, all in the name of "greater good".
In the last part of the film, the country of opportunities loses its heart and soul - freedom.
Was it what terror!
Ists really wanted?
This film spoke of demonstrations and objections of the Arab-American population in the U.S. and n. Y. In particular.
But for me, these protests seem useless.
Zwick takes care not to cross the line and make the typical typical Hollywood.
The script is therefore wonderfully balanced.
The best friend and loyal colleague of agent Hubbard, Frank Haddad (Tony Shalhoub) is Lebanese-American.
And it is quite often that you hear lines such as "my first boyfriend was Palestinian.
They seduce you with their suffering "or" they like this country as much as we do. "
But no matter how you turn this question, you will not move away from the fact that as regards global terrorism, the Arab population is in the vast majority.
More specifically, the seat demonstrates the injustice of the general conviction of any ethnic group by describing the unfair treatment of all the Arab-Americans by the U.S.Militar.
And so this film is not used as a FO source R Discrimination in anyone!
path .
Denzel Washington rushes as always.
In this role, it is much more determined and stronger than usual.
Anette Bening is pleasant and credible as a dark CIA operator who prefers espionage, a network of hooks and seduction to collect information.
Bruce Willis is terrifying as a sadistic, hunger for power, which never loses its link with the public, because its point of view is not too difficult to understand.
The film is elegantly shaped.
The scenes float easily in each other and the film never seems too much.
Zwick knows exactly how to provoke tension, horror and emotions and does it with professionalism rarely observed.
It tightens intensity as events are progressing.
And when a twist of the plot comes, it is actually surprising.
It is not a film drained in patriotism, like the work of Roland Emerich.
Nor is it a film that depicts explosions only for entertainment values.
It is a daring image that has enough courage to undertake such a risky story and a difficult journey.
He has enough courage to get involved in politics.
He questions our foreign policies, our mentality and our defense.
I must admit that it ends rather disappointing, because the director raises patriotism and innovation.
But despite this, it is certainly an intelligent and exciting film that provokes emotions and thoughts; a virtue which summer films can boast.
 "This is the army U. S.
It's a wide sword, not a scalpel.
Believe me, you don't want us in an American city "- Gen. William Devereaux," The Siege "