Some films have an impact as they linger in your mind long after the credits have rolled, which makes you think carefully and remember what you have just seen.
I finished ago "leaving Las Vegas" from Mike Figgis, and it is still as obsessive as when I hit the rewind on the VCR.
Many people call this film as "this film where Nick Cage plays this alcoholic guy".
 "Leaving Las Vegas" is not so much a film on alcoholism that it is a story of two people who except for what they are: a drunk and a whore.
Ben (Nicolas Cage in the best male performance of the last twenty years) is drunk.
His family and friends have long abandoned her, and he only has his liquor left.
In a scene at the start of the film, we see Ben stagger in a remainder, looking for a "friend" to make money.
He finds the guy (Richard Lewis) dinner with a friend and two chicks, trying to make spiritual jokes that come out stupid.
When Ben approaches the table, you can clearly feel that everyone immediately feels uncomfortable.
After Lewis gave Ben money, he said coldly "I think it would be better if you don't contact me anymore."
Now, even if during the film, much more depressed things happen, that's when I felt the most for Ben.
There was such a look of sorrow and discipline on his face, (not to appear Hokey or anything), it almost made my eye cry.
It turns out that Ben was once a semi-succès Hollywood player, and apparently a fairly popular guy.
Now, he spends his time being robbed by prostitutes and trying desperately to collect women, not so much for sex, but for the company; so that someone speaks or spends time with it.
Once his work was dismissed, Ben decides to burn all his personal effects, recover all his money and move to Las Vegas to drink slowly to death.
One night, he comes up against a prostitute (a brilliant performance by Elizabeth Shue - How far has come from "Adventures in Babysitting") named will be.
It is involved in an abusive relationship with its pimp, a scumbag that struggles by cutting it.
They are both very lonely and self -destructive people.
They immediately struck, both realizing that they need each other.
And it's not even sex.
They don't even have sex before, like the last ten minutes of the film.
 "Leave Las Vegas" is not a film about the plot.
With the exception of what I have already revealed (what is happening everything in the first thirty minutes, by the way), there is not too many history.
It's no longer a film about people and how they react to each other.
From what I can see, it is essentially a perfect film.
The direction is great (with Mike Figgis making a brilliant mix between the glamor of Las Vegas and the atmosphere of bad mood and smoke from a black film) and it contains two of the best performances to be released from the 90s, or any other decadeFor that for that.
But don't rush to see this film without knowing what you are committed to.
First of all, if you are easily offended by Frank Sexual Dialouge, get away from "Leaving Las Vegas".
It is filled with long discussions on orgasms, rape and various forms of perverted activities involving Burbon (it's true).
Second, if you are not in a mood to see a very depressing film, do not see it.
However, if you are cool with these two things, you are in one of the most memorable experiences you will ever have.