In the company of men, caused a sensation to the Sundance Film Festival because, in a year, afflicted by the McMullen brothers in McMullen style, seriously shallow, the images of anxiety Gen-X, he seemed to be something.
He made people angry, started arguments outside the theater, agitated things.
He sparked an excitement spark in what was a disappointing year for the independent film.
Having endured my share of the media threw, I calmly waited that the men reach the hinterland in which I live, then I registered to see what it was.
Are men at the height of his press?
Well, yes it is.
And that can make you think twice before considering going out with someone from your office.
For new arrivals, Aaron Eckhart and Matt Malloy play Chad and Howard, two business drones that are sent by their nameless company in a distant branch for a six -week assignment.
Chad and Howard are archetypes, which you can undoubtedly find examples in your own business location.
Chad is the Blond Golden Boy, genetically designed to succeed, the natural charmer who seems to slide effortlessly in the business scale.
Howard is Chad's boss, but he is weaker from the will, the awkward practitioner of the office policy that has reached his position by obstinate persistence rather than raw talent.
We first meet them while waiting for their flight to a dull airport fair.
There, Chad suggests a program worthy of a bad Shakespearean: he and Howard will find a single woman vulnerable to the branch, to court her simultaneously, to win her love, then throw it away.
the reason ?
The two men have recently been dropped themselves and Chad sees an easy path to take revenge on the fairer sex.
 "It will restore a little dignity for our lives," he said.
Howard, powerless against the strength of Chad's will, accepts the plan.
They quickly spot their prey in the form of Christine (Stacy Edwards), a fragile deaf woman working as a temperature.
Chad moves for killing, flashing her gold smile, stimulating Christine with lunch, then the flowers, then dinner.
Howard follows suit, although his efforts are in contrast in the hands of the ham and desperate.
Flatchy to have the attention of two eligible men, Christine is both going out.
You can guess which one she falls.
Soon, a triangle of tragic lovers is developing: Christine loves Chad, Chad adores herself, and Howard loves Christine on the grounds that, as she is disabled and shy, she could well be miserable and lonely to be satisfied with him.
Adult social interaction never really progresses beyond the level of high school, right?
In Chad, the writer / director Labute and actor Eckhart created one of the most scary monsters ever engaged in the film Hannibal Reader can eat human flesh, but Chad is an eater of souls.
His evil is as subtle as a viper, and as simple as her smile.
We look with an amazed disbelief while he suffocates colleagues, humiliates his subordinates and works his deadly venom in the heart of Christine.
His character would be a joke if he was not so scary - we all worked with Chad, and some of us can be him.
It is the guy who takes your work and then laughs at you for your weakness.
If one of his colleagues was to go to the post office and enter the office with a bag full of handguns, he had better see his Évasion route clearly in mind.
Politics is its game, and the modern office filled with cabins is its playground.
Men wear the cover of a black comedy, but it works better as allegory.
The most controversial moment of the film occurs when Chad humiliates a black temperature by asking him how he wants to succeed in the company, then forces him to prove it in a way that I will not describe.
The scene is loaded with racism and liable for peril.
Could it happen in the real world?
probably not .
Taken as allegory, however, it is representative of the treatment of sweets by the powerful in all facets of society.
can Whether just the English major in me, but Chad, in her cruelty without motivation towards Christine and her prudent manipulation of Howard, can be considered as a symbol of frantic capitalism, of greedless greed.
The whole film is a metaphor for social darwinism - only the fort will survive.
The marvel of the Labute multilayer script is that it can disturb each member of her audience in an entirely different way.
But does the film work as entertainment?
It is damn funny in places, especially in the scenes of the House of Men, which demonstrate the lengths to which guys will organize a conversation while engaging in the most basic body functions.
It works less well like drama, because by necessity, the characters of an allegory tend to be flat figures.
Stacy Edwards gives a dignity measured to Christine and succeeds in making us take care of her, but at the end of the film, we always know nothing about her.
Likewise, Chad and Howard are simply the sum of their actions.
At the end of the film, you will feel as if you have met a real monster in Chad; maybe we can also classify men as a horror film.
Admittedly, those who expect a conventional Hollywood resolution to history will leave disappointed.
But the image is often fascinating, and the script is a work of fine craftsmanship, which is worth it.
Like all good films, it offers a myriad of parallels with the outside world.
Looking at Chad in his moment of triumph, I couldn't help but think that Bill Gates had to feel the same kind of cold and ruthless satisfaction when he finally stuck to Steve Jobs.
There may be a bit of Chad in each of us, but some of us have brought the Chad-nos to the level of art.