The deer hunter, directed by Michael Cimino, is really one of the greatest films ever made.
Drama captivating on the life of a group of friends from a small Russian-American community in Pennsylvania, the Hunter de Cerfs promises to be one of those films that you will never forget.
In this winner of the Academy Prize for the best film of 1978, the exceptional performances are rendered by all the actors, and the brilliant achievement of Cimino offers the perfect vision in the life of the character.
The first act of the film offers us an interior overview of the life of a group of men from a small community who work and drag together.
Michael, perfectly portrayed by Robert de Niro, is presented very early as the natural leader of the group.
After a working day, the men leave their jobs in a factory to head to the local bar, where John (George Dzundza) works.
Three of the men, Michael, Steven (John Savage) and Nick (Christopher Walken) will leave for Vietnam shortly, but not before Steven married.
After the marriage, the group, including Axel (Chuck Aspegren), spend a last day during a hunting trip, one of their recent times.
This sequence of events allows us to see the lifestyle of a normal group of men, which will suddenly and definitively be affected by the ravages and the separations of the war.
Wedding scenes, although criticized by many as being quite long, actually improves the purpose of the first act.
The exceptional performance of De Niro, Walken, Streep, Savage and Cazale, who died very shortly after the film shoots, really started to shine and promise not to stop in the near future.
The second act of the film begins with the trio of men on the front line of Vietnam, parked in a South Vietnamese village attacked by the Viet Cong.
The men are finally captured and held in a floating prison on a river.
This prison, managed by the V.C.,
Initiate the horrible scenes of the film, where prisoners are forced to play Russian roulette against each other.
Steven, who is emotionally spoiled by this turn of events, is isolated in a tiger cage with water to his face when he refuses to participate.
Michael again shows his leadership by convincing Nick that the only way Steven will survive is if the two friends play against each other, and in addition, they must play with 3 balls in the weapon.
Personally, I felt that the absolutely captivating representation of De Niro was really displayed in a brilliant way in these scenes and the following scenes.
Men can finally escape, but are separated.
Michael is able to make Steven, who ends up losing his legs, against medical care, while Nick finds his way to Saigon and a U.S. Hôpital of the army.
Michael returns home and does not feel at all like a hero.
He wants to avoid the celebrations and the recognition that his friends would like to grant him.
He assumes that Nick is still lost in Vietnam.
The third act focuses more on the character of Walken, who ends up tripping on a small game operation where the game is, once again, Russian roulette.
Only in this game, you play for money.
Michael learned that Nick may still be alive and returns to Saigon to try to find him.
The two are narrowly found in the Russian roulette games, but don't log into as long as Michael discovers that Nick participating in the games and tries to bring him home.
A very emotional film and, for many, a very disturbing film, the Hunter of deer is a truly magnificent film that should not be missed.
The greatest possible performances are transformed by all the actors, and the realization of Cimino, which is considered to be at its best of all time in this film, is just as dazzling.
Do not miss this film, it will captivate and stifle you.