In Zoolander, the most successful, most influential and offbeat male model in the world, Derek Zoolander, wonders: "Is there more in life than being really very beautiful?"
Obviously, the creator and star of the film Ben Stiller asked a similar question when making a feature film of his hilarious subject VH1 / Vogue Fashion Awards subject: can there be more in this film than to beReally really silly?
No, of course not, and it never asses to be more.
Like Derek, Zoolander is a soft simple film.
It is not complex or in his social commentary or his comedy, and he never produces intestinal laughter (except perhaps a scene where the modeling roommates of Derek all die in a tragic "fight" fight "- a takeoff ofTommy de Tommy Tragichilfiger advertisements).
But it has a satisfactory handful of strong laughs, wild characters and performance, and slightly hard kicks in the fashion industry to seduce you.
Better yet, this exaggerated version of the three -minute original sketch is not exploded at 95 minutes efficient - just enough time to chain its Goofball plot without exhausting the gag.
Zoolandnder opens with several fashion bigwigs plotting to assassinate the Prime Minister of Malaysia, because he wants to abolish children's work in his country and thus increase their costs.
The fashion designer and criminal brain Jacobim Mugatu (Will Ferrell) writes a plane to wash the brain of the most stupid fashion model to carry out the wrong act.
Enter Derek, whose career collapses while the newcomer Hansel (Owen Wilson) takes the spotlight.
On the track of the Mugatu plot is the journalist of Time Matilda Jeffries magazine (the real woman of Stiller, Christine Taylor), and she hopes to use the pawn of Mugatu Derek to finally thwart the program.
Like the films of Austin Powers, Zoolander relies strongly on the strength of the talents involved, and this wacky comedy presents some of the funniest people of entertainment today.
Wilson is hysterical as a young person, vain Hansel.
Ferrell almost steals the spectacle of everyone like the flamboyant and bizarre Mugatu in the same way Dr. Evil upstage everyone at Austin Powers.
Jerry Stiller - Ben's father who remembers the best like Frank Costanza de Seinfeld - makes an invaluable turn as a viscous derek, Maury Ballstein.
Even the alum by Ben Stiller Show, Andy Dick, presents itself as a disturbed and big ass masseuse.
As for Ben Stiller, it seems that his derek has a gag: he is stupid, which is played in trainees.
Unfortunately, Taylor seems out of words and out of his league here.
Maybe it's just because I can't stop seeing her as Marcia Brady (whom she played in Brady's two films), making her incredible like a jane dowdy and brain that did not havesex for two years.
It lets me sucked in the cynicism of Janeane Garofolo, who would have added a real comic substance to the fragile role.
Although Zoolander is barely highbrow, his humor in opposite is welcome during these difficult moments, in particular given the gross lack of decent choice in theaters these days.
Zoolandnder is not a masterpiece, but a very dignified distraction.