For this review and more, visit Clear Illusions (www. Clearillusions. Com)
The majority of frightening films report the fact that a character is about to respect his disappearance with cheesy music, worn dialogue such as "I will be back", or simply with the general tone of the scene.
How about a classic song by John Denver as a death signal for a change?
It is the kind of originality that allows a "final destination" to invade the spectator's mind, even days after seeing it, taking a break before entering a dark room, taking a shower oreven that of sleeping.
The unique and horrible thriller is the best thing that has happened to the Slasher genre since "Scream" in 1996.
 "Final Destination", directed by James Wong and written by Jeffrey Riddick, Glen Morgan and James Wong, the last two being writers for the T.V.
The series "The X-Files" is a film with wonderful ideas and executes them effortlessly.
It is rare that a film of this nature can draw the attention of an audience these days, because the genre seems to be completely exhausted ?? "but" final destination "has more in store for one by one than theOne can imagine it.
Unlike Michael Myers of "Halloween" or Freddy Kruger of "Nightmare on Elm Street", the killer of "Final Destination" is supernatural, The Dark One himself, Death.
The intriguing premise is as follows; part of a senior class should travel by plane to Paris for their trip to class.
After boarding the plane, one of the students, Alex Browning (Devon Sawa) dreams of their plane that explodes in flames just after takeoff, killing everyone on board.
Once awakening, Alex withdrew and six others from this plane, all that seem rather confused by the whole.
Shortly after their departure, the plane takes off and guess what; it explodes in Middair.
Now, Alex, and his surviving colleagues, who consist of friends Clear Waters (Ali Larter), enemy Carter (Kerr Smith), Carter Terry's girlfriend (Amanda Detmer), the Goofy Billy (Sean William Scott) and hisBrother Tod (Chad Donella) and Professor, Ms.Valie Lewton (Kristen Cloke) is extremely in danger, because they seem to have deceived death by leaving this plane, and now death wants them.
The number of survivors begins to take off fairly quickly while death goes with those who got off the plane ?? "But who is the next one and how will death get them?
 "Final Destination" is an unbearably suspense film; always making the spectator frantic, because death will strike in the most improbable moments.
The "Rocky Mountain High" by John Denver played roughly justifies another death ?? "Everyone on this plane learned the hard.
Although it is generally given whose life will be taken next, the intensity and unpredictability of the film never fade, because you do not know when death arrives.
Like the characters in the film, I was constantly nervous and trembling during the "final destination".
The slightest noise or movement nearby would send me a mile in the air ?? "And yes, the film is also intense.
The cast is surprisingly effective and up to it; the best set of this kind since "Scream".
The characters have multidimensional personalities for a change, and for the most part, you strongly sympathize with them once death begins to come to meet them.
Devon Sawa and Ali Lartter are the main objective of the film, and the two actors follow their well -written characters with even better performances, which, as the films "Scream" had done for their casting, will launch them in the Superstard.
Kerr Smith and Kristen Cloke are also impressive, although the two do not have as much screen time as the tracks.
 "Final Destination" is an exhilarating and exciting ride.
All ages should be able to enjoy the complexity and cod of the film, and should find an advantage that most Slasher films are missing.
For the moviegoer loving blood, "destination" contains NSE Blood buckets, guts and all these good things.
 "Final Destination" is a film which is intended to become a classic cult among horror fans, and a sleeper struck at the box office.
Handleft The First Film for years that scared me.
For fear, I don't want to blow myself up, or ask myself if I am in danger, but out of fear, I mean a film that remains locked in your mind, absorbing you, leaving a question that is constantly inYour mind: is dead coming for me?
The essentials: make the "final destination" your destination.