If Chris Farley had attached false sheep burning on each side of his head, spoken with a thick Irish accent and tried his damned to play it straight, he would not have been as funny as Brendan Gleeson in "Iam alleged the bottom. "
Gleeson, who is no different from the late former "Saturday Night Live" in terms of physical attributes, plays a character named Bunny Kelly in this delicious Irish film.
Bunny is sent to Cork County to "recover" a Frank Grogan for an Irish gangster called Tom French (well dressed as all the right gangsters should be and represented in a threatening manner by Tony Doyle).
Bunny will accompany Git Hynes (Peter McDonald), recently released from prison and forced Tom for disfiguring one of his friends.
That Tom French is a nasty Bollock.
He wants Frank to come back.
And a little question of some? 25,000 that Tom's wife was supposed to have given Frank.
For this, he will not break anyone.
maybe .
Written inventively and engaging by Conor McPherson and directed by Paddy Breathnach, "I Bown Down" follows the tests and tribulations of Git and Bunny as they hit the peat bogs, the weakly enlightened and.
McDonald is a newcomer and promising to this, but Gleeson made more than a dozen films, more recently as Father Bubbles in another film with a very Irish accent on hilarity, "The Butcher Boy".
Even if you cannot understand half of what they say, Gleeson and McDonald make together "I went down" a trip that is worth it.
The film recalls in many ways another "little" independent feature film, "Highway 61" from 1991.
This film was also a road road and shares the same kind of ironic dialogue and humorous situations as McPherson's tale: fanciful observations on life, carefully made vignettes, conversational asides and scenes that will make you laugh out loud.
Attend the episode in which our protagonists in a good mood bind Frank (played by Peter Caffrey) to a hotel bed, leaving him only the TV remote control for company.
This sequence alone is tied with Satan locking his car in "Highway 61".
What is also charming about "I went down" is how the relationship between Buddy and Git develops.
Their trip becomes an education for both, but the way it is managed is neither Sappy nor laborious.
The only thing in the film that approaches Clunkiness is the culminating explanation, via flashbacks, of the relationship between Frank and Tom.
It is a little too Hollywood, and what makes "I went down", therefore refreshing, is the fact that he rarely rare the traditional conventions of Hollywood gangster films.
Of course, it's grainy - to do this dirty - but it's also quite clumsy.
Although "I went down" emphasizes the comic elements of disorganized crime, there are a few rather brutal scenes in accordance with the object.
Do not let it dissuade you, however; "I got off" is a little gem.
He only plays in a theater in the Philadelphia region - and I suspect that he will not be there for a long time - so catch him while you can.