The most popular and most rented film of all time has probably proven to be a primitive and predictable costume drama with a dose of social criticism.
Everyone knows the greatest and most famous expedition disaster of all time.
And the real disaster is masterfully designed by director James Cameron, combining visual effects and sound effects, it will recreate the frightening atmosphere of the ship flowing in the middle of nowhere.
I really liked the emotional and brutal contrast between the first and the third classes.
While their cabin slowly fills with water, a mother tells her children a fairm - "... and
happily ever after ..".
And then the ship descends and the few survivors are left alone under the stars and the frightening air.
However, the real disaster occurs almost at the end of the film, while the first two hours are only beautiful sets and bad dialogues.
Nowadays, the RMS Titanic is explored by Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton), a seeker of treasures in search of the heart of the sea Diamond, lost during the sinking.
Somewhere inside the ship, the Livett crew discovers a sketchbook from a dead artist.
Here, in the form of a young naked woman, there is a window on the distant age 1912.
Lovett is extremely surprised when he receives a telephone call from Rose Dawson, saying that she is a model.
She is immediately a helicopter on the ship, and she has the first glimpse of the ship intended in 80 years.
While memories come back, she becomes once again pink Dewitt Buketer (Kate Winslet), the fianc? E of Riche Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) and daughter of Ruth Dewitt Bukater (Frances Fisher).
On board, there are rich and poor, everyone trusts the designer of the ship (Jonathan Hyde) and his master, Captain E.J
Smith (Bernard Hill).
Aboard the ship, Rose, unhappy and agitated meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) - a young American artist, poor, courageous and attractive.
A love story emerges slowly and the two lovers must not only experience the difference between social classes, but also to face the greatest power of the earth - death.
Cameron could also have called his photo "endless love" or "love at first glance", while he concentrates all his energy on the young couple, and not on the disaster itself.
The intrigue is anything but original and the dialogues sometimes look like a television soap.
The director does not even try to overcome his empty script.
Due to its primitive and predictable intrigue, Titanic depends completely on the visuals which are really breathtaking.
The rich, majestic and incredibly detailed cinematography of Russel Carpenter is certainly worthy of allocation.
All from artistic direction to visual and sound effects is a leading notch.
But that does not help much when the costumes are more convincing than the actors who carry them.
The actors are not to be blamed, because their characters are more like caricatures, in other words - false.
Jack is a man with many talents: he is a talented, beautiful, courageous, honest, strong, funny artist ... You
name it .
He does not have dark side, he makes no mistake, that for a second would make him human.
Jack is perfect, but he's - poor.
On the other hand, we have cal.
It is a bastard that treats pink like an odalisque and not as his future wife.
Everything Jack is missing, but it is - rich.
This childish contrast between social classes is one of those things that makes Titanic nothing more than mediocre image.
Cameron knows precisely what we want to see.
His film therefore contains certain minimums to draw an audience - attractive actors, a "tragic love story", beautiful visuals (including expensive special effects), a dose of social criticism, a fascinating historical event (we love thereal stories) and finally, but notably - an incredible media support, which proclaimed an average image He "the biggest film of all time".
On the outside, the Titanic looks perfect, but behind this sparkling curtain of incredible visuals - is the void - nothing to think.
The main weakness of this film, which has become ironically of its success, is simplicity.
Cameron allows our base and if you wish - primitive emotions: love, hatred, fear and helplessness.
Everyone understands the power of love and the threat to our beautiful couple is also imaginable - a flowing ship.
Titanic is a typical Hollywood production, completely and completely dependent on visual perfection to hide its primitive intrigue.
It is a good image, but absolutely not a masterpiece.
It is among hundreds and thousands of good films released each year, no better or worse than the average American film.