Clue is an unjustly ignored comedy, very similar to the murder of 1976 by death.
This large screen version of the classic board game (what is the next one. ....
Falls and ladders: The film?) Is filled with Slapstick buffoonery and silly dialogue.
The intrigue, for what it is worth, has all the characters in the game (in this case, the names of the game are used as alias) meet in an isolated manor to face Mr. Boddy (Lee twenty), the man whoA all sing them.
When he gets dead, everyone (including the public) must understand whodunnit ...
and in which room and with what object.
Although it is not as full of mind as the murder of Neil Simon by death, Cue certainly has moments.
He has so many moments in fact that I use a lot of lines of the film when I joke with my friends.
To date, each time someone says the expression "Well, to make a long story" I have the follow -up phrase "Too late" ready to go.
The actors (all of very good comic talents) are played out well from each other, while the late Madeline Kahn (like the dark and sensual Mme. White) sometimes steals the film far from the others.
And Colleen Camp, as a French maid Yvette, also displays some of her natural talents.
The index is available on DVD from Paramount Home Video.
It includes the film in its original theatrical aspect report of 1.85: 1 (and is improved for 16x9 televisions) and has the original theatrical trailer.
An audio track in French is also available.
The trailer resists well given most of the glimpses of that time, and it even includes a scene not in the film itself (a scene that should have been in the film, because it is a good joke).
In addition, the trailer is marked with the music of the plane!, Which was an interesting choice.
When Clue played in theaters, he ran with the gadget for three different ends.
If you wanted to see the three, you had to go to the movies three times.
Thus, when the film was released on domestic video, rather than publishing three distinct videos, the three ends were included on a band ...
The first two ends being "What if?"
fine and the third end being the real end.
Now, for the DVD version, you get two choices.
You can watch the film as presented on the domestic video or you can select to watch it with one of the three ends chosen at random for you.
 (Note: there is an Easter egg hidden in the disc on this subject.
After watching the film with a random ended end, when you come back to the menu screen, you can highlight the large magnifying glass and select it.
When you do it, a secret menu opens, allowing you to look at the three ends.)
Now that I applaud the effort of Paramount here, because they have clearly tried to do something special with the disc, it just doesn't work well.
First of all, why not give the spectator the choice of what end we want to look at?
Maybe someone like me who saw the film of the hundreds of times would like to sit and show it to someone with the second end.
I am not a DVD technical expert, but I cannot imagine that it is too difficult to accomplish.
Second, the delay between the moment when the film itself ends and one of the ends begins is too long and too obvious, becoming a distraction just when you certainly do not need distraction.
Finally, the back of the DVD case indicates "and now, with this special DVD version, you can see the 3 ends surprise".
I do not know why they would forge it this way, because it is not at all a special feature.
The video has been released for fifteen years now (good lord, has it been so long?) And it is played on television with the three ends all the time.
These are only minor complaints, seeing that I watched the domestic video version of hundreds of times and that I have no problem watching the film as such on the DVD.
Image and sound are wonderful Completely improved on my used VHS copy, and I am delighted that Paramount is with me that the index is a film worthy of being kept in this large digital format.
[PG]