"Several people said to me: 'You are old -fashioned.
You want to do everything by hand, '' complains about the topiary gardener George Mendonca, defending his continuous recourse to the shears of the hand by reducing his flexibly carved animal creations.
 "It's the only way to do it and do it properly."
SNIP, SNIP.
 "Some people believe that we are going to replace ourselves by building these machines, and that is perhaps," thinks the robot scientist of Mit Rodney Brooks, who builds robots flowing on the instinct.
 "There may be no room for humans in the future, if we really succeed."
 "You think there is one and looks directly in the camera of Errol Morris.
 "I know you are.
You know I'm. "
In some respects, the smoiest film to this day of non-fiction, the author Morris (the thin blue line, a brief history of time), fast, inexpensive and out of control is the report of the best order.
Journalism students should dream of making links like these.
Cross between interviews and filmed segments, Morris traces the lives of four disparate professionals who seem to share an immersion in their work, then enclose them around the other in a quadruple complex propeller.
The pleasure settles in your theater seat and wonders exactly what hell a story can have to do with the other.
What Morris manages is something that looks like an intellectual magic turn, an interrogative sleight of hand.
One of the things that feels different in a documentary Errol Morris - in addition to the visuals always struck - is the style of interview, where the subjects seem to look directly at the spectator.
Fassed to press his cheek against the camera lens to get this effect during conversations, Morris developed a elaborate double camera gadget which he jokes, half as a joke.
Thanks to a platform that uses a pair of telecoms to project video images from the interviewer for the subject and vice versa, these people speak, surprisingly, directly to the camera - in the video image of Morris, andby extension to the public.
The gardener wonders if, after his death, whoever will be interested in maintaining the garden he devoted half of his life to take care.
The scientific robot is more than a little happy to note that its creations can be essential examples of what an insect or even an animal - a complicated set of sensory receptors.
The mole rat specialist is delighted to catalog the ways that these vermin animals behave like insects and notes that they can be more suitable for long -term survival than people.
And the circus pins coach for a long lost ideal which was illustrated by the world renowned coach and showman Clyde Beatty, who played in series such as Zombies of the Stratosphere (extract roughly here, with affection).
Are you starting to detect the models?
Fast, inexpensive and out of control contains a multitude of parallels and tiny intersections, culminating in what looks like an elegy (the film is dedicated to the end and the stepfather of Morris).
The film is balanced on this airy precipice dividing the already moldy past of the alternately exhilarating and terrifying space which is the future.
 (The title is taken from the wish of Brooks that NASA would send a payload of hundreds of consumable robots to rush to the Martian surface, creating a sort of roadmap for the field - fast, inexpensive and uncontrollable.)
With assists by publishers Karen Schmeer and Shondra Merrill and the director of photography, the long -standing collaborator of Oliver Stone), it becomes a film machine which is a marvel of narrative divergence and consistency.
 (Improvement of the wacky intellectual atmosphere of the image is the playful partition of the founder of the Caleb Sampson alloy orchestra.)
Different sons of History inform themselves and to each other with each other with the serene registration of a Kieslowski film, or a surrealist dream.
By folding these words together Ey mente a thesis on the nature of crafts, invention and existence itself, Morris reveals the presence of cosmic themes - creation, evolution, death - in land lives.
At the same time, and just as significantly, he pays tribute to a consumer passion for his work.
This ventilation of the dichotomy between daily life and the extraordinary is probably as deep as everything you meet in pop culture this year, and the visuals cry for the big screen.
Don't miss him.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Directed by Errol Morris published by Karen Schmeer and Shondra Merrill Cinematography by Robert Richardson Music by Caleb Sampson U.S., 1997 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------