It was with great apprehension that I approached +Mary +, the latest film Farrelly Brothers +.
I knew that the film would be funny - the trailer alone made me laugh stronger than the real comedy I went to see.
But I also knew that the film would be a offender with equality of opportunity, attacking the sensitivities of politically correct with the reckless abandonment.
I thought that the film would be scorching, maybe another lucky escape from NC-17 Hell.
I can laugh, but would I feel better in the morning?
I don't need to worry.
+ Mary + is the sweetest, the most warm and the most open to laugh and Grosfest on this side of _animal House_.
Surprisingly, the Farrelly brothers have traveled this very tight line to make a touching romantic comedy on the side and fill the details of five or six scandalous shurlers.
They make people laugh, the most difficult work to do for a filmmaker, go easily.
The plot is typical.
Thirteen years ago, Geek Ted (Ben Stiller) was lucky to have dazzled Mary (Cameron Diaz) to him at the Bal de Bal.
Luckily, that day, he was hospitalized.
Well, I won't say it, but I assure you, it's not pretty.
He hires a private investigator to find her: Pat Healy (Matt Dillon).
He becomes one of the great bad guys of comics.
By finding it, also is in love, and pursues it thus, lying on its occupation and stuck your teeth.
It is only a matter of time before Ted discovers that he had been double-crossed, and will look for him for himself.
Does the geek have the girl?
Puh-Lail.
The end is pure Hollywood; no surprise there.
But absolute joy in this film is the way in which this simple premise allows humor in zipper, hair frost, mental disabled, interracial marriages physically disabled, homosexuals, skin conditions, serial killers,tanning and drug addicts.
The dog on the speed sequence alone is worth the price of admission and belongs to the film of the comedy of the film.
And yet, for all the targets that are affected, the film maintains its soft tone.
Mary, playing the right role, is as sweet and attentive as she is beautiful.
She is totally dedicated to taking care of her mental disabled brother, Warren (W.
Earl Brown - Distant to the cameraman in _scream_).
Mary + S Sunness carries the film here - he compliments the gags under the belt below that come to you.
Cameron Diaz makes her completely charming, and the public respects her, even if women in general generally do not undress in front of an open window.
Ben Stiller is also doing very well, completely changing his image of his _REALITY BITES_ and _Fliring with hetero men to be a (how to say it?), A complete loser.
Acquills, long fat hair, not too shiny and very very funny.
Dillon is exceptionally frightening, especially with his capped teeth.
And to complete the casting is the friend of Ted + S Dom (Chris Elliot), the addictive tanning Magda (Lin Shaye), the Modern Chorus Troubador / Greek Ron Lichman and Mary + S Sweet Mom, Markie Post (where didit was?!).
Not everything works.
The role of Chris Elliot + S, skin imperfections and everything, just becomes tasteless and boring.
There is + s ugly dialogue for about eight minutes vs. Seven -minute exercise bands.
And there are long stretches without going too much.
But the wait is worth it.
When these extraordinary sequences struck, the whole theater broke out with howls, tears.
Belly-Aches, that in certain sequences took place on the next scene.
The Farrelly brothers finally did it.
Yes, there are scorching bits, but when everything is over, it is not as bad as it could have been.
Although tasteless, it didn't go through all the lines, at least not with me.
Although scorching, it was not as bad as _Porky + S_ or _Boogie Nights_.
And it's sweet enough to be considered a date film.
After the funny but sour _Kingpin_ has left a negative aftertaste in my palate, comes the funniest sex farce since _a fish called Wanda_ .
Approach with an open mind, and you will enormously harvest the advantages.