A film that was as strongly built as The Truman Show, with criticisms that boasted, "The film of the decade!"
And "a breakthrough!"
can only lead to disappointment.
It is undoubtedly - it seems that any film with praise of criticism makes you think that you are going to go for a walk in your life, that you will end up changing on the other side, and you leave the theater in advance,"eh.
 * What was * what was it? "
So, of course, the Truman Show was based with what was going to be a disappointment.
And I convinced myself, when I nestled in my uncomfortable cinema chair, in fact to try not to take advantage of it.
Let me tell you, it's an impossible.
The Truman Show is really "the film of the decade" and "a breakthrough" and more.
And you will get out of the other side.
Such a film presents itself once in a life, where you feel everything the character feels, and that, friends, is it.
Jim Carrey shows that he does not need to talk about his buttocks to entertain us; that he can be as dramatic as any of Hollywood's main men.
The film has a difficult premise to approach, trying to settle thirty years in the race of "Truman Show", but that it does, and perfectly.
With flashbacks being actually flashbacks in the television show, you have the impression that you are consulting a real hit * during great listening hours.
And the way the camera is constantly taking forms, it would be in the "real" Truman show is intelligent and well done.
People, delight!
This is the first film worthy of an Oscar not only this year, but the last five years.
Not since "Schindler's List" has a film captured the human mind and the real despair.
This is a classic in the making and (to borrow a line from the criticism of Esquire), it features Jim Carrey.
Nothing in his career to date and nothing he can do in the future can never complete his role as Truman Burbank; Marquez my word.
Because, as I said, it is the film of a life and the role is of the same caliber.
Forget Ladden's summer fodder with a special effect.
Place your romantic comedies in the trash.
Throw your thrusts and movies for teenagers on the battery.
You don't need anything more than "The Truman Show" to transport you throughout the summer, or elsewhere, the year.
Oh! And in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and good night.