Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
 "Everyone is a scene and all the men and women simply the players they have their outings and their entries and a man in his time plays many games" - extract from As You Like It, Act II, Scene 7
When William Shakespeare wrote this passage, he could not have envisaged a world in which domestic activities in a house would be disseminated through the continent, or where women would install webcams in their apartments in order to convert voyeurism into species.
This is the world of today, and it is the perfect climate to reveal a prototypical project at high concept like the Truman show.
Truman Burbank (Jim Carrey) seems to have perfect life.
He has a pretty wife of Meryl (Laura Linney), a comfortable insurance position, an immaculate suburban house in the community of the idyllic island of Seahaven, a reliable childhood friend Marlon (Noah Emmerich) - inThe exception of the dog that matches a greeting for him every morning and his hydrophobia is paradise.
Or at least it would seem.
Weird and inexplicable incidents are starting to arise in Truman's life.
A lighting luminaire unexpectedly falls from the sky.
A rain storm that gives new meaning at the "isolated" term follows it.
A radio program seems to describe each of its movements.
For the first time in his life, he began to become on Truman that things are not what they seem to be.
Truman's show, directed by Peter Weir and written by Andrew Niccol, is a remarkably well -built film, perfectly punctuated with each scene leading to the next.
Balancing the drama with humor, reflection with abandonment is a film that addresses an intriguing and complex concept with just the right mixture of a broken and fanciful session.
In many ways, the scenario of Niccol reflects the mind of his previous Gattaca - the two films focus on the theme of the triumph of the human mind on oppressive adversity, with pivotal moments and defining the characterproducing at sea.
Although the rather conventional culmination of the film does not support the inspired dynamics produced in the first two thirds, and ultimately does not fail to deliver the planned emotional punch, there are moments through the show of Truman who move and moveReally while Truman to understand his disentangled world and grasp the implications behind his discoveries of deception.
Despite the multitude of relevant problems tackled by the film, it remains above all a finely manufactured entertainment, constantly light and accessible.
The tone obtained is far too sunny so that any feeling of scary paranoia legitimately interferes, and while the carefully stacked Seahaven card house emerges, the film avoids any psychological branch for a man discovering that the fundamentals of all his existence havebeen false ..
The end act of the Truman show is essentially summed up with a reworking of the reliable and pleasant oppressed to the crowd vs.
the system formula.
Although the film is an impressive realization of an inspired concept, some elements are lacking.
The system of mysterious Lauren / Sylvia (Natascha Mcelhone) as a momentum contributing to the growing conscience of Truman is not exactly convincing.
There is not much of a discernable spark between the two characters or the actors themselves, and the scenes in which she confronts with indignation the megalomaniac Christoff (Ed Harris) with regard to the moral ambiguity of her actionsUnnecessarily spends things for the public, happyness elsewhere in the film.
In fact, although the film intelligently restricted the number of scenes representing the real world outside of Truman's artificial utopia to a simple handful of selected reaction photos of the Gazeurs Ravis, it might have been even more indicative and overwhelmingto immerse yourself even * more deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply insistor Y Seahaven World, with the resulting effect that the repercussions felt while the film finally moves outside the imposed bubble is all the more surprising.
However, the scathing commentary published by this film is on the target, and its insidiously oblique way of delivery is much more effective to transmit the message than the more direct anti-voyeuristic tirades such as that of the recent film by Costa Gavras Mad City.
I have always believed that the versatile MS.linney has a huge comic book gift - she always seems to have an imperative glow in her eyes - and in Truman's spectacle, she rages with her character duplicity, maliciously distressing a smile ofIncredibly jovial product as it recites perkilslogans.
By passing happily above, it is hilarious to look at her - who would have already guessed that she would have the opportunity to surpass the reigning king of comedy in the department of laughter of a film?
Ms .linney is a pleasure in the film.
But it is Mr.Carrey who governs the show here.
It may not have been intuitively the most obvious choice to represent the hero of the Truman Burbank oppressed - the role is seriously lacking in one of the frantic comic interludes that characterize its traditional parts - but it brings to the'Huge energy and an eminent attraction: it is said not to root for Truman.
In a dominant performance, MR.Carrey lends our protagonist an inherent sense of decency and integrity which makes him a truly engaging presence, and is impressive in this dramatic tower, demonstrating an admirable restraint - there isA first scene where he is on his knees, and taking into account his Passe -Record track, we almost instinctively foresee Mr.carrey to draw one of the most sadly famous, and in this case, very inappropriate gags of view.
It is almost poetic how this actor of notorious gaze managed to be successfully brought to play a character who is constantly the center of attention.
In addition to the great performances by most of the distribution - MR. Emmerich is particularly remarkable for emitting his character a feeling of robust reliability - the film is immeasurably helped by a wonderful production design by Dennis Gassner to create an antiseptic utopia of Truman, to the small town, and by the original partition of Burkhard Dallwitz.
The technical credits are first -rate all around.
Although the Truman Show is clearly a final film of high concept, it is not exactly a dazzling film with outline - obvious predecessors using common elements abound, ranging from the 1965 secret agent to the British television series of 1967, the prison.
All the same, it is a visionary and calibble film: entertaining, provocative and intelligent.
The curious (and perhaps disturbing) thing can be that, although, at first glance, the plausibility of the concept of the film seems unbeatibly scandalous, it is clearly clear that our society is approaching quickly, if not updating, at least permissivenessof such a scenario.
Perhaps the highest compliment that can be paid to Mr.weir is that its representation of this bizarre state is so convincing that we undoubtedly accept it.
Maybe we recognize a little of ourselves in this world.