Hedwig (John Cameron Mitchell) was born a boy by the name of Hansel in East Berlin.
As an adolescent looking for his "other half", he reluctantly accepts a sex change operation in order to marry American G.I.
Luther (Maurice Dean Wint).
The operation, carried out by a hack surgeon, is sloppy, and the "Inching Inch" is all that remains.
Now, a "she", Hedwig comes to America, is abandoned by Luther, forms a rock group and falls in love with her 17 -year -old lover / protrud ?, Tommy, only to be rejected by him later too.
She and her group, The Angry Inch, become the now famous Tommy Gnosis through the United States (to take revenge?), But Hedwig is really looking for her other half lost in "Hedwig and the Angry Inch".
The first helmet John Cameron Mitchell, as well as the composer / lyricist Stephen Trask, created and played in their acclaimed production Off-Broadway which has become the film.
And a whole film is in its eclectic variety of songs, scandalous costumes, sets and makeup and, in particular, of a fascinating performance of Mitchell as a title of title.
Mitchell and Trask reinvented the musical of the film and coupled it with the underlying story of what Hedwig is and what she is looking for.
I am not by far a big fan of musicals.
Of course, there are exceptions, like "All that jazz" and "cabaret" by Bob Fosse, but for the most part, it is simply not my cup of tea.
 "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" is an exception, however, with its combination of humor, spirit and a collection of songs that cover musical styles ranging from "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" and meat breadDavid Bowie with sex pistols.
The original songs, by Stephen Trask (also appearing as one of the members of The Angry Inch), are full of energy and variety and, even if it is not my kind of music, I found everythingThe entertaining and fun world.
The public I saw "Hedwig" with thought too.
The main attraction for this One-Man / Woman show is the presence of its star.
John Cameron Mitchell gives a solid performance, sometimes fun and sometimes angry as a person looking for lightness and love.
As a growing young boy in East Berlin, Hansel is mistreated by his G.I.
Father and raised by his German mother in a tiny apartment so small that "mother would make me play in the oven" where he listened to pop music on the radio of the armed forces.
Later, as a young man, he meets Luther, another G.I.
And is swept away with his feet.
The angry thumb incident that followed arrives shortly after.
Flash forward in a park of junction City, Kansas, and Luther leaves Hedwig for another boy.
Frustrated and broken, she takes babysitting and strange "work" to reach both ends.
It also forms a group with four women at the Korean household and the musical talent of Hedwig was born.
She meets, falls in love and loses the young Tommy, who steals her songs and leaves to become a rock feeling.
Jealous and angry, Hedwig and his new group are starting a campaign for Shadow Tommy's Tours and, with the help of his manager, Phyllis Stein (Andrea Martin), tries to obtain a law pursuit against the star for having stolen her songs.
Hedwig and The Angry Inch get concerts, not by coincidence, in a chain of seafood restaurants which are right next to the forums where Tommy Gnosis plays.
Things finally get to the head, so to speak, in New York.
The popularity of the Musical Off-Broadway and its ramifications has collected a ready audience base for "Hedwig".
The spirit, the humor, the music and the search for identity have a great attraction for young adults, but the charismatic presence of Mitchell makes a cup above what it could have been.
It is this One-Man / Woman show that throws his spotlight on his "International ignored" rock star and Mitchell is exceptional in the role.
There is not much with other characters, although there are small fun side bars, such as the singer / rescue lover of Hedwig, Yitzak (Miriam Shor), Dec IDING to break with the group to join a Polynesian road show of "rent" as a Puerto Rican Drag Queen.
The small budget that Moviémakers have for the production denies the quality of the film.
Watch out for details - Hedwig costumes and scandalous "cabaret" type makeup; the framework of the shabby trailer park; and, kitsch seafood restaurants - are very fun to look and lend air appropriate to product, all about what should be a beer budget.
 "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" may not be for everyone, but the energy of effort, songs, sets and imaginative costumes and a constant rhythm make it a pleasure to look.
If you are a fan of contemporary and upset music, it is an even larger draw.
I give him a B +.