Presented as a "feminist sexual fantasy", this animated, imaginative film and completely engaging by the award -winning Canadian director Cynthia Roberts, is intended for extreme reactions.
Camille Paglia enthusiasts will undoubtedly defend this sincere story of title bubbles in Gogo (Nina Hartley), a porn producer not porn porn who faces a difficult battle in her quest for sexual and economic independence.
However, those of the Andrea Dworkin camp will undoubtedly hate the resolutely pro-Porn position of the film.
Aside from political considerations, however, this is a delicious lesbian love story while the film takes us to a swirling tour of the romantic tangles of Bubbles with a young dathelet of naive and virginal porn starlet (Shauny Sexton).
In the context, however, the faithful assistant of Bubbles Vivian Klitorsky (Tracy Wright) who poses with the affections of his sparkling boss.
This female-female triangle is what provides the film with considerable humanity * and * sensuality.
In addition to the romantic aspects of history, Bubbles is tracked down and terrorized by his ex-little friend Godfrey Montana (Daniel Macivor), a sticky shining magnate who wishes to make his life as miserable as possible.
When his plans to sabotage his last film fall, he switches on and psychotically decides to kill her.
These procedures are chaired by a most celestial presence.
God herself - yes, in the world of this film, God, is certainly a "she" - and a choir of wavy and slightly dressed angels, have their most vigilant and lubricate eyes on events while they areUnroll, adding a fantastic charmingly to this frothy concoction.
This shiny, colorful and delusional sexy film is full of great performance.
Making his dramatic beginnings, after appearing in more than 300 films for adults triple X, the porn star Nina Hartley takes command of her role with considerable insurance and a presence on the screen which shame many other actresses ```Contemporary hetero ''.
Hartley has an overwhelming star power, and we wonder why other non-triple-X producers did not use his abundant talents.
It is also interesting to note that Hartley appears in the recent release of "Boogie Nights", a film that adopts an approach to misfortune and more traditional in the porn industry.
Make an appearance in the role of God, the former porn actress Annie Sprinkle, a real full -fledged artist - gives the whole film a earthy and sensual glow and certainly solidifies and, by his very appearance, justifies the themes of the film.
The other performance is also solid.
Daniel Macivor appropriately chews the landscape while the wicked Godfrey and Tracy Wright provides support capable of its complex role.
Shauny Sexton, an erotic dancer and a pin-up model, made an impressive start of screen.
Overall, Bubbles Galore is a film that carries its policy on its sleeve and very proudly.
At one point, the title of title declares that "instead of trying to save women from the sex trade, we should work to make sure that sex trade is a safe place for women to work".
The management of Cynthia Roberts is daring and subversive.
Roberts is not afraid to plunge the right and simple story in extensive and extremely avant-garde assembly sequences.
The love scenes between women are particularly beautiful.
The musical score of Nicholas Stirling mixes jazz and cool lounge styles, while the skillful cinematography of Harald Bachmann terribly captures a mixture of porn and garish psychedelic from the 70s.
Surprisingly, this film seems to have received a large part of its funding from various cultural agencies of the Canadian government.
This speaks volumes about the importance of state financing for culture, because one cannot imagine such an entertaining, original and vital film in a traditional setting where conformity and formula govern the day.
Bubbles Galore seems to be tours of the film festival and does not seem, at present, to have a traditional distribution in place, so keep an eye on the lists of alternative films for it.
It's funny, sexy and subversive.
And it shouldn't be missed.