For many people, procrastination is not a problem to overcome, it is a high art.
We will do just anything to postpone a task.
When the deadline for this column is approaching, this is the only time the week was washed and the bed is and the laundry is and the plants watered and ...
Finally, let's hope, sometimes there is a breakthrough and we actually get to work.
Surprisingly, it is almost always easier than we redoor and after finishing, this feeling of oppressive apprehension background.
And then, next time, we start again.
The English teacher Grady Tripp (Michael Douglas) is a master.
Seven years ago, his first book was a success.
He has been working on his second - a short 200 -page piece - since then.
Fearing that he could not be up to the first, he cannot resolve to finish it.
No block of the writer, he approaches 3,000 pages without a view.
Now he spends a particularly difficult day.
The annual conference of college writers brought in real novelists reminding Tripp that other people finish the books.
During the first day, his wife left him, his married girlfriend informed her that she is pregnant and his agent is in town with a six -foot transparent in trailer.
In the evening, our besieged writer leads to the snowy streets of Pittsburgh with a suicidal student next to him, a stolen jacket that Marilyn Monroe wore the day of his wedding on the rear seat and a murdered blind dog stuffed in the trunk.
This could be a central point in his mid-life crisis.
And then there is the next morning.
There is a lot to love in this film.
There are no huge explosions, broken glass or computer -generated dinosaurs to distract very real human problems.
Grady is caught in the curse of people who achieve great things at the start of their career.
In the world of "What have you been doing for me lately?", He knows that his second book must be better than his.
Instead of discovering it, it derives, comfortable in the island cocoon of Peter Pankuhy Academic.
He does not have much life and his star James Leer (Tobey Maguire).
James can be suicidal and psychotic.
Admittedly, everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie.
It constitutes a past of work anxiety because the truth of wealth and comfort is simply not interesting enough.
As the weekend progresses, they are both forced to fully start life.
This is the question they must be confronted with: comfort or real experiences?
The film takes interesting risks.
Non -traditional relationships are presented as facts.
Extra-marital, gay, interracial, teacher-student: here, they are not judged, simply choices.
The actors are all of the first order.
Douglas triumphs, playing against the guy while spending most of his time in bursting, not shaved and dressed in a house dress for pink women.
The disengaged alienation of Maguire works perfectly here.
Robert Downey Jr. Alors that Grady's agent aims at his scenes.
The director Curtis Hanson ("L. A.
Confidential ") makes a few missteps.
Women are underused.
Frances McDormand is doing a good job of her limited role in Sara, Grady's married lover, but we never understand much who she is.
The chemistry between the two is nonexistent, which makes part of the end unconvincing.
Katie Holmes is a student with a major crush for the professor, but her character is going nowhere.
We never see the woman who comes out of Grady.
It's really a guy's film.
The varied relationships between men are much more convincing than others.
Mentorship and the alternating rejection of Grady de James are the central point of the film, not him and Sara.
As boomers are getting older, expect more crisis films half-life to attract the attention of this demographic group.
Finally, it will probably become a shot, but right now, we have a winner.
I will finish this in a second.
Right now, I have to take painting.
I no made a few fillings in the other room which requires a little touch -up.
 (Michael Redman wrote this column for so long that he has made the crisis of mid-life a career choice.)