In 1912, a ship sailed on its first trip through the Atlantic for America.
This ship was built to be the largest ship in the world, and it was.
It was also built to be one of the most luxurious and that it was.
Finally, it was built to be insinable and unfortunately it was not.
To get a ticket for this trip, you either: you have spent a life going to America to start life again, was part of the upper class and had the money to lose, or finally had the chance to have aHouse full in a poker match by the quays like Jack Dawson.
Jack Dawson makes the trip and happens to be in the right place at the right time.
Rose Dewitt Bukater, a first class passenger, climbs the balustrades at the back of the ship with jumping thoughts.
Thus started a story of romance and intrigue, and a story of death and tragedy ...
This film talks about a tragic event that took place many years ago, the same that should not be taken lightly like any other little historical Trivia.
The film Titanic shows what happened, perhaps not with a 100%degree of precision, but it always shows it very realistic.
Now the Titanic is both a story in itself and a backdrop for a story.
It serves both admirably, saumager an interesting story which, although simple in its simplest premise, is very captivating.
This film is very emotional simply because of what it is, but it alone is not enough.
The story is made with a certain style that makes much more emotional and so much more effective.
Films like this will not be forgotten too quickly and, unfortunately, are not something produced by Hollywood with a great frequency.
The attention to details that has been paid is remarkable.
The whole premise for telling the story is interesting, with the projection of new images of the Titanic wreckage, adding a lot of flavor to an already good film.
Part of the magical chemistry behind this story is the game, and for this film, its very good game of the whole distribution.
The performances put by the main stars are something to admire.
The characters have been played so memorable that Leonardo DiCAPRIP and Kate Winslet should receive at least appointments for their roles.
Looking at the game made in the film, it seems that they do not act but are actually the characters in the film.
The casting of the film could really have been better, in my humble opinion.
A character who will probably not be mentioned by any other criticism or commentary on this film is that of the ship itself.
Yes, you read correctly, the ship is a character.
How is Titanic a character?
You ask very simple, a ship had a certain character on this subject and like most sailors and boats will tell you.
This character concerns the ship of his luxury specifications and the Titanic was no stranger to this.
M .cameron gives life to the ship in an almost literal sense.
All this adds to the film in a certain way that most Hollywood productions do not seem to understand.
Now, to produce the effect I mentioned above and to sink the ship itself are exploits accomplished by special effects assistants.
The effects of this film go from wonderful costumes to the beautifully rendered scenes of the flowing ships.
In some ways, you cannot say that the effects are there, you just think that what you see is what has happened or what's going on (if your imagination is good).
The technical magic made in this film is simply spectacular and the obtaining of new images of the wreckage of the Titanic is unique.
The film will leave you surprised by the effects, and it is a feat because there are no monsters or foreigners in this film, just humans and an oversized ship.
The film will surprise you and he will shoot your emotions, the theater I went .
Now that it is not a feat accomplished by most films, now the fact that the tragedy has really happened is brought home with something punch, I will not spoil the end and I will say what's going onWhatever an interesting film from start to finish.
The historical value of this film is quite high, and honestly, it is something that should be watched to see it and see the tragedy, because it is extremely well done.
The method to tell the story is also good, perhaps not completely unique but effective nevertheless.
Regardless of everything mentioned above, this film is a grand production and the size of the project undertaken is something to marvel.
The simple fact that the film succeeds in a crash what it aims to make is simply surprising.
If you are lucky to see this film go !!!
It may not be the best film in the world.
But it ranks fairly well and is well worth the time spent looking at it.
For none of the 3 hours and 13 minutes of the film, you are not bored and that your attention does not lose the film.