Fortunately, some people have starship soldiers.
Some people knew it was supposed to be silly.
For those of you who have not done so, how could you miss it?
From the start, when we see an interactive internet promotional video for the armed forces of the future, it should be obvious that this film must be taken lightly.
I suppose that without the blatant liners and the style slapstick at home, some people simply do not recognize such clumsy humor.
Such a dry approach of such humor intentionally Campy had to leave some disillusionment.
First thing to do before seeing this film - lighten.
Meet the equivalent of "Beverly Hills 90210" Meeting "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers".
Four close friends graduated from the school and are ready to join the armed forces, which, in the future, means fighting for the whole galaxy and not just your country.
Johnny Rico (Casper Van Dien) is ready to join the infantry, mainly because her girlfriend Carmen Ibanez (Denise Richards) enlisted to be a pilot.
Dizzy Flores (Dina Meyer) enlisted as a soldier, and it is possible that she simply joins to follow Rico, for which she has always had eyes.
If you saw these three in the street, you would automatically start to look for fashion designers and photographers, because the casting of a film was so much like the cut of the "Seventeen" magazine.
The only non-sous-model, Carl Jenkins (played by Doogie Howser himself, Neil Patrick Harris) is the Brainiac which enters the military intelligence division, the top secret department which leaves about Doogie-Er, Carl Outsideof the picture.
 (Good call - Now we can put all our efforts drools in the most deserving characters).
From the start, Rico became the star star, far exceeding all the other soldiers and becoming squadron leader in a short time.
But a horrible accident during a standard training exercise (which follows everything in rupture with Carmen) leaves Rico ready to call him.
With his packaged bags and civilian clothes, Johnny is ready to leave the base and take the next return flight.
Well sorry, Rico Suave, but there is no place like the house, especially after gigantic extraterrestrial insects destroyed it.
It is true, the planet is attacked by a colony of extraterrestrial beings of the arachnid type that a box of raid simply will not destroy.
With a sudden change in heart (and clothing), Rico is back in the game, according to his colleagues from Starship Troopers to fight an average daddy's leg group.
What Starship Troopers is really is a parody of everything he addresses at a distance - soap opera like love love of high school, love of science fiction and the thirst for gore shared by this same group of'age, etc. is taken seriously.
It is almost as much a satire on young adults as without any idea, but with its sneaky and futuristic approach, it is not as recognizable.
It is such a subtle parody that many will not recognize parasion.
If you judge it as a science fiction / action, you are wrong.
It is science fiction / action / comedy, comedy being at the level of worship of worship like Evil Dead 2. The Starship Troopers are also perhaps on the path of cult status.
Gore is a factor strongly mentioned in the criticisms of this film, but the gore, too, is supposed to be cheesy.
Yes, it's graphic, but it's so brutally bogus, and that's what makes him so fun to watch.
Not since the ancient sketches "Mr. Bill" on "Saturday Night Live", torture and mutilation were such a joy to look at.
People laughed aloud each time a body was cut in half or a head was viciously beheaded.
Maybe it brings back good memories of the bass that we have inflicted on the barbie dolls of our sisters as young children.
With the actors so closely resembling Ken and Barbie, it is a good chance that this is the case, whether we are fully aware of it or not.
Starship Troopers has its slow parts, But it is really an alternative to your science fiction / typical action film or a lame juvenile comedy.
Aside from the intentionally cheesy gore, the special effects are quite amazing.
When the spacecraft passes a meteor, it is a fairly great show, visually clear and captivating.
If you are looking for brainless pleasure, it is the quintessence of your research.
A great distribution, impressive special effects, rapid evolution action, a campy game and a lot of gore.
It is brain -free paradise.
Don't forget not to think.