Those of you who frequently read my criticisms are not likely to be surprised by the fact that I have not read the novel by Victor Hugo Les Misérables.
I do not know if many people have done so, although I imagine that many know the popular musical based on the novel.
I didn't even see that.
By entering this film, I had almost no knowledge of the story or its characters (I even expected that the film was a musical).
As I move away, I am a little happy to have no prior experience with the equipment.
The cinematographic version of the Bille writer / director was a simple and beautifully told film.
Liam Neeson plays the miserable Jean Valjean; at the beginning, he has just been released from a 19 -year prison sentence.
He is allowed to stay in a convent by a kind priest despite his coarse and destructive behavior.
The words of wisdom of the priest influence him, and he makes the wish to change.
Nine years later, we are informed that he is now the mayor of a city called Vigo; nobody knows his real name and that he is wanted for jumping his parole nine years ago.
Conflicts occur when Inspector Javert (Geoffrey Rush) is assigned to Vigo.
Valjean remembers Javert as one of the prison guards who constantly beat him, and Javert remembers that Jean is a convicted person.
Javert is determined to maintain the law, and he does everything in his power to translate Jean into justice.
Along the way, Valjean meets and falls in love with a peasant, Fantine (Uma Thurman), and promises to take care of her daughter, Cosette (played later by Claire Danes).
Miserables is visually a solid and often striking image.
The design of production by Anna ASP is authentic and vast, and the sets do not look like sets (they look like real cities and villages); the costumes of Gabriella Pescucci are significantly spectacular.
The soundtrack of Poledouris basil is thick and generally well placed (although it becomes a little heavy sometimes).
Many scenes in the film have a memorable photographic quality, such as the culminating point, which takes place next to a dark river in the gray darkness of the early evening.
Augusts maintains the simple story (what I hear is a good thing, because the novel is so complex) and easy to follow.
He manages to develop the main characters and most of the sub -intrigues adequately.
I was also impressed that he did not go too far with Flash and Style, which so many directors seem to do in classic stories these days (like the vicious tragedy of Baz Luhrmann, William Shakespeare, Romeo + Juliette).
This film is solid and whole, and each scene has a certain importance and vigor which maintains the concerned public.
Liam Neeson is great in the main role; Neeson is the kind of actor who is extremely well despair, and Valjean is certainly a man who clearly adapts to this adjective.
Thurman, in her small role, is very good, and proves that she has a lot of scope and can play in a very non-glamorous role like this.
Rush is absolutely incredible as Javert; I do not remember that I have never felt as strongly about a villain as me here; he adds depth and complexity with looks and subtle nuances,And effortlessly makes each of its intense scenes.
However, I cannot be so charitable for the Danes; although I know that she is a talented actress, she tends to overraid when she could have been better to minimize the character a little.
The miserable is, as I said, a solid and intelligent film.
My only complaint is that it seems a little too easy and perhaps too much staged.
Each scene is large and enormous, and exploding with the partition of Poledouris, but I did not always want them to be.
For the most part, miserable is not a subtle or deep image.
It is a good film, and tells its story well, but August tends to feed us by hand and scenes that would have worked better if they were more subtle.
However, in a film this exciting and well produced, some minor faults are easily neglected.