After hearing so much criticism of describing "return to me" as an old-fashioned Hollywood romance, I kept asking myself to enter this film: what is an old-fashioned Hollywood romance?
What made me "return to me" old-fashioned and old-fashioned?
Was it the tunes of Sinatra, etc., legendary singers The elderly of the film are constantly stopping?
Was it the glamorous and sophisticated sensation?
The charisma of the two tracks?
Even now, I cannot say that I got closer to the real answer, because I have not seen as many Hollywood novels in the old way.
I don't think the novels I have seen were classified as such.
Which leaves me the option of vaguely agree with my critical colleagues - "Return to Me" was out of date in the sense that it reminded me of the young generation perceived the old Hollywood magic, the waywhose spices and cinnamon and apple apple.
It was traditional, magical.
We knew that it could not be too daring, or having surprising twists and turns that many modern cynical novels are likely to throw away.
It was a romance told with simplicity, tenderness and such endearing love (director Bonnie Hunt) that he could not help shining with charm despite his shortcomings.
The film owes a lot of what it has for the management of Bonnie Hunt.
From the very first view of Chicago's eye, slowly zomping to the insignificant Bob Rueland (David Duchovny), accompanied by the "Return to Me" ballad (by whom?), We can say that we are for somethingsoft.
The scenes between the characters are endearing, truthful, with just a hint of fantasy.
Real people do not act in this way; real people are not so nice.
We know all of this, and yet we want to believe in the existence of these people.
The premise itself seems to have come out of a fairy tale, but Hunt roots the fairy tale in common Chicago people simultaneously grants the scenario and the shades of daily urban life with a suspicion of ethereal.
Everything is ordinary - it's beautiful - in this film.
> From the Festive Restaurant Little Family to Grace (Minnie Driver) and the Bob cabinets.
From the eloquent, not in mind to progress the scenario to delicate watercolors that the paintings thanks.
Animal stars like all the characters interact on the screen - the most beautiful part.
 "Return to me" has done an excellent job to bring together a group of actors who mix effortlessly with the family: the public has no problem believing that this existing family really exists.
We care about them, laugh with them, weep with them; we fear that the little boy picks up his father's cursed.
Anyway, she brought out the naturalism of all the actors.
Disappointing, Charlie de David Alan Grier, as well as I love him, was most categorically written.
Duchovny here does a commendable job to shake off his character of Fox Mulder - with the help of his co -stars colleagues, we rarely see a hint of special Fox Mulder agent.
Instead, we have a normal guy who, when he falls in love, shows more pleasure than Fox Mulder will not show him over a whole season of "The X-Files".
Duchovny, who is excellent in euphemism and self-depreciation as an actor highlights his considerable comic talent on the screen.
Minnie Driver begins as always as a sweet and innocent grace with nothing but a good heart to offer.
Although an unlikely pair, Duchovny and Driver gradually warm up to each other as the film progresses.
While "Return to Me" works remarkably as a comedy in a high voice, a picturesque romantic tour through Chicago and a tearful, the story is put in place so that the film ends up having nowhere to develop.
The whole point of the film depends when and how grace will tell Bob that she really was the recipient of the heart of his wife.
We already know that there will be a happy ending; we have the impression of snezing D The whole film, as well, in a straight line, going to this point.
Consequently, Bob and Grace click almost too quickly - yes, I know that she is supposed to have the heart of his ex -wife and everything - he seems too effortless.
The main subject is a love story, and the family scenes that I love so unfortunately are overused and distracting the bustle of the two main characters (whose history may not have as much meat after all).
However, in the spirit of "Back to me", it will not be too picky on the way "old" Hollywood tells his stories.
I loved knowing that it was a love work for Bonnie Hunt.
this shows .
The essential: "Return to me" is nothing remarkable, and yet its sweetness, its sincerity and its charm could touch your heart in a way that you had not imagined.