By taking a seat in the theater and questioning the crowd, I quickly realized that I was the only person in forty in the premises.
I am twenty-two years old, but I was accused of having sought sixteen.
However, at the beginning of the film, any awareness of the installation moved to the house of five very sorty but disturbed sisters.
The director Pat O'Connor (inventing the abbots, the circle of friends) weaves a silent history but affecting the loss, the need and the obligations between five sisters.
The family is led by Kate (Meryl Streep), an unconsciously strict teacher, who is completely aware of the deterioration of her family.
There is very little background given to the spectator, because we are immersed in a tense but loving house.
The quarrels take place one after the other, caused by years and years of history.
Maybe one of the best things about this film is its naturalness.
No situation is excessive and the characters react as real people do, to real problems.
This is probably the result of the film from a play.
The play was in turn based on a period of the life of the playwright.
What seems to be an underlying theme are the pagan rituals and the dances of the peoples, in Lughnasa and in Africa.
In fact, dance seems to be the glue that keeps the family together and most expressly shows their proximity.
The legs hit and the bodies even swing in the middle of an imminent disaster.
It is only after the music stops and the characters strongly breathe that we feel a lot of problems.
In calm after music, we manage to be sad that music is stopped and families vacillate.
The film is framed by a scene from Michael Mundy, the narrator of the film, as a young child stirring a kite.
He stumbles on a bump and loses his string, and the kite floats further away.
A white diamond of the kite is a face that looks once painful and with another mischievous glance.
The Mundy family itself follows a fate similar to that of the kite, and the taking of Kate's family is not strong enough to retain the winds of change.
While Michael was standing, fixing his kite to fly, we hear the adult Michael, looking back the season that his world has changed forever.
The film is not overwhelming, but it gives us a beautiful window on the life, love and troubles of a house of lonely women.
Note: This is the first film review that I have ever written, all the answers would be greatly appreciated.
 :)