Known as the most successful and profitable romantic comedy in history, director Garry Marshall apparently struck gold with "Pretty Woman", which opened quietly during the summer of 1990 but, thanks to positive word of mouth, was able to reach the top of the top of $ 175 million in theaters only.
The question of why she worked so well lies directly in the two charismatic stars of the film, Richard Gere and Julia Roberts, because the story itself is neither too original nor even credible.
The other winning element which makes the "pretty woman" so entertaining is her true sweetness and her innocence, which is rarely as palpable in today's films as here.
Edward Lewis (Richard Gere) is a suave and extremely rich business magnate who, at the start of the photo, breaks with his girlfriend by phone after an unpleasant argument, and suddenly takes his friend's car and gets lost on Hollywood Boulevard inTrying to find your hotel.
Stop the car along the street, he asks a woman, obviously a prostitute, for directions.
Accepting to enter his car and show him ten dollars, Edward finally accepts, they start a conversation, and shortly after, she was questioned to her penthouse room on the top floor.
However, this meeting does not lead to sex, because Edward says he prefers to have someone to talk to and offers him $ 300 to spend the night.
Just as well, since the whore, named Vivian, is a beautiful young woman generally optimistic who is the type of person who can lend a comprehensive ear.
The meeting between these two completely opposite people does not end the next morning as planned, when Edward finally offers to pay Vivian three thousand dollars if she stays with him for six days and nights while he is in the region, keeping himCompagnie diswovering as his companion for business dinners and meetings.
Since Vivian said firmly to Edward at the beginning that she will do everything with him except kissing him on the lips, which always leads to unwanted intimacy when it comes to his customers, the compulsory rule of gender says that by theThird act, Edward and Vivianje will finally kiss.
Aclaborately is planned as a sinister drama and Down time until Garry Marshall is on board as director, "Pretty Woman" has been transformed in every sense of the word into a classic fairy tale, "Cinderella".
The premise is barely credible and its portrait of prostitutes dragged in the streets of Hollywood Boulevard is roughly the most idealized representation that he could have had there.
Honestly, you don't need a high IQ (or everything IQ, by the way) to guess how the film will end, and the story is as old as my great-grandmother Bertha.
The supporting characters are almost all written and less than gratifying, and the scenario is not awarded the prize.
And yet, in the midst of all these scruples and these faults, "Pretty Woman" is an surprisingly charming film, and it is certainly easy to see why it has become a feeling so day by day with moviegoers.
You would actually be surprised how far perplexity can go, and there are a few selected moments (not even whole scenes, be careful) which are as romantic as everything I saw on the film in the 1990s.
In addition, the film belongs, and its success can be awarded to two people and only two people, and they are Richard Gere and Julia Roberts.
Playing sex symbols in the 80s with photos such as "American Gigolo" and "An Office and A Gentleman", Gere branches here to play a quieter, almost shy, but always attractive character, who could well sweep Julia Roberts.pieds, and vice versa.
Julia Roberts, in her revolutionary role after "Mitic Pizza" of 1988 and "Steel Magnolia" of 1988, for which she was nominated for an Oscars, is radiant and funny like the Vivian Word, which could surprisingly be a model for impressionistpectors,not For his work line, but more for his pure intelligence.
It would probably have been easy to have written Vivian as simply a flock, but scriptwriter J.F. Lawton clearly cared about his central characters to do such a thing.
After "Pretty Woman", Roberts, as well as Meg Ryan, became the ruling queen of romantic comedies (with her latest "Bride Runaway Bride" who has just been published, who repairs Gere and Roberts together again), and not surprising.
Roberts has constantly proven not only to be a strong actress with a flash-star rocket.
A particularly strong scene that Gere and Roberts make together take place after Edward stupidly said to one of his colleagues that Vivian is in fact a prostitute, then he approaches her, making sexual advances.
Not only does that make Vivian feel cheap, especially since she had already passed as a more professional and eloquent young woman, but that also angry her that Edward would catch her and betray her in such a way, and theFinally, wonders where exactly life leads and if she likes this particular path.
On the most dreamy side, the film is filled with romantic scenes which are simply effervescent to see, in particular the one in which Edward enters the hotel living room to see Vivian turn around and not only reveal his wonderful cocktail dress,But also its brilliant beauty interior (and aussiexterous).
Another subtle moment in Vivian who blows with love at Edward, who sleeps, and place him on her lips, because she is still not sure if she should be attached to this man who could very well be out of her life forStill in a short time.
 "Pretty Woman" is not obviously wrong before the very last scene, which is a happy ending (as you can imagine, and would not have otherwise) which does not work in a way, perhaps because of itsundeniable artifices.
This misstep does not put a shock absorber on the rest of the film, because there is just too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a small problem.
Helped by a warm and memorable support performance by Laura San Giacomo, as a best friend and roommate of Vivian, and a fabulous soundtrack, in which all the songs help the overall accomplishment of the film, "Pretty Woman" isA magic candle from aCinema, and has what it takes to act as a plan on the way of doing romantic comedy par excellence.