I guess it is a credit to Jackie Chan and the general sympathy of the franchise that Rush Hour 2 could not be ruined even by the nausea "comedy" of Chris Tucker.
I am a fan of Jackie Chan in almost any medium, and this film allows him not only to make his impressive martial arts, but also to show his comic timing.
It would have worked better if he was the only name above the title.
The intrigue is your basic martial arts linen rope for waterfalls and special effects.
This time, the diabolical smugglers are led by Ricky Tan (John Lone), who makes a fortune by sending counterfeit money to the United States (I still do not know how you can make this fortune to do this: thereIs there a place where we can exchange false invoices for real?).
The only way to say the bogus money of the authentic article is to set it on fire and see what color it burns.
Of course, it is the detective of Hong Kong Lee (Chan) and the detective of LAPD by the James Carter (Tucker) waste to take out the bad guys and the authorities, insofar as they even exist, remain away.
Rush Hour 2 turns the tables on the first film in that here, it is Carter who puts both in difficulty and Lee who ends up having them out.
I guarantee you that my note would have been at least half a higher note if Chris Tucker had been thrown like aluminum foil for Jackie Chan.
He refuses to be silent.
Not only did his voice feel like a picker hammer on my head, but his jokes are simply not funny, a pathetic mixture of the Eddie Murphy Fasttalking Blather and Wannabe Chris Rock White-Man-Black-Man jokes whoend up being moreoffensive than funny.
I realize that in a film like this one, some of the greatest laughs come from the leash of actors ad libs beyond what the script dictates, but nobody realized how the diatribes andDeliring incessant from Tucker were irritating?
If that's all the actor has to offer, I don't care to see more of his films.
Fortunately, Chan makes a wonderful hetero, and he completely bought the nascent comedy.
It is not often that an actor can so completely save a film, but there is no other name for what he does; each time he is on the screen, the time ofPointe 2 arrives at a breathtaking life, often hilarious.
A large part depends on the questionable value of the cute to see Chan try to be a "player", but who cares?
I can think of a few high concepts that are funnier.
The film ends with outings which, as usual, show that Chan is not perfect, and that it does, in fact, some trials to obtain some of his incredible cascades to look transparent.
Chris Tucker also shoves certain lines, and his errors are funnier than everything he says in the whole film.
Many people have stressed that Rush Hour 2 is not very different from his predecessor in tone or style.
But I liked the original, and I like the rest, although a certain acolyte seems to have done its best to ruin it.
The Brett Ratner director (the family man) continues to move at an entertaining pace and manages to maintain the laughter to come despite the Hit / Manche of the jokes (I suppose that sometimes the approach to hunting rifle works).
It's not the Super Jackie Chan, but it's Jackie Chan, and it's enough.
Next: Jay and Silent Bob strike