The calendar year has not even reached its point halfway, but that did not prevent Columbia Pictures from trotting a sumptuous drama of the period more suitable for the season of Oscar of Winter.
The highly publicized adaptation of August ball of the classic Victor Hugo miserable offers everything that we would expect from an elegant Hollywood epic - production values, high performance by a first -rate cast, an literate scenario- With a missing critical element: emotional scanning.
For those who do not know Hugo's original novel or the successful musical he has inspired, the hook of miserables is essentially summed up with something like a French version of the 19th century of the fugitive.
After having served 19 years in a penitentiary labor camp for having stolen a miche of bread, brutal Jean Valjean (Liam Neeson) is conditional.
Immediately after his release, he flies from precious silverware to a large bishop who takes him for one night; he is captured by the authorities, to be forgiven by the bishop, who lets Valjean keep the money to start a newLife on the right and narrow.
This fact that he does it, and in so doing, breaks his parole, which establishes the obsessive inspector determined Javert (Geoffrey Rush), who was one of the guards of the Valjean prisoner camp, on his track.
Theatically, however, the miserable is a story on redemption, which Valjean finds through her relations with two women, the worker of the factory who became Fantine (Uma Thurman) and her illegitimate daughter, Cosette.
Years after having broken the parole, Valjean became mayor of the city of Vigau, where he established a warm friendship with Fantine after having saved it from an unfair arrest of Javert.
Valjean promises seriously ill people that he will save the young Cosette (Mimi Newman) from his cruel guards, Thenardiers, and raises the child as his.
The "father" and the "daughter" end up landing in Paris, where the teenager Cosette (Claire Danes) falls for Marius' fringent revolutionary (Hans Matheson).
The history of the resumption of decades is what the cinematographic epics are made, and the Danish August turns into its most accomplished English work of the English language, according to the superstar soap of 1994 underestimated the house of minds and the meaningElegant but highly stated snow mystery.
He and the scriptwriter Rafael Yglesias highlight the sprawling account and maintain the events in motion at a rapid pace.
Production designer Anna ASP, costume designer Gabriella Pescucci and director of photography Jorgen Persson give miserable a sumptuous overview of the period whose fulfillment is mainly equaled by distribution efforts.
Neeson is commander but engaging vulnerable; the finely modulated threat of Rush is much more rewarding than his theaters surfaces and oscored in Shine; and Thurman disappears well in his very little glamorous role.
The youngest members of the distribution behave less well.
The Danes are convincing like Cosette, but his exaggerated lip trembling during his crying scenes becomes a distraction; and Matheson, although competent, is a less interesting Robert Leonard.
As a technically adept and cerebral thing, the film is, when the miserable were finished, my emotions had only been involved superficially.
While I was touched by Valjean's relations with Fantine and Cosette, I was not moved.
The Cosette-Marius pairing is not even reached the level of "touch".
My only previous experience with the miserable is with the musical (as I am sure that many others is), and I was dismayed to see Eponine, a friend of Marius who dies disinterested in the name of her love TôtideThis adaptation (The daughter of the Thardiers, she is here only briefly considered as a child).
His presence would have added a well -necessary conflict and an emotional weight to young romance, but I suppose that August and Yglesias felt a tragic heroine (Fantine) was Eno UGH.
Even thus, while 1998 slipped into the season of summer superproductions, the miserable is a reflected, well done and entertaining film, which will ensure that moviegoers are hungry for a dose of drama before the non-CARCAUTESpopcorn will invade the multiplex.