While looking at "serious shallow", I periodically found myself noticing thematic similarities with the "simple blood" of the sides.
The two are good films in which several characters, none of which is the most conscientious to have traveled the earth but are still not really bad, engage in an act of deception which quickly requires more serious crimes.
The number of bodies increases and, shortly, apparently normal people have blood on their hands.
The two films are also imperfect, but for different reasons.
 "Blood simple" is implacably dark and in a bad mood, but its characterizations were a little hollow.
 "Shallow serious", on the other hand, is almost impeccable for an hour and twenty minutes, then the filmmakers throw a large part of what they had accomplished for a more standard end and which plates to the public.
The events of the film were intense and disturbing enough to make me feel honestly disturbed by what I witness the screen most of the time, but there was a slight smile on my face at the end.
While the film begins, we are presented to Alex (Ewan McGregor), Juliet (Kerry Fox) and David (Christopher Eccleston), a Scottish trio living in an apartment in Glasgow.
They are all sarcastic and sometimes unpleasant, but other than that, they seem to be a fairly normal group.
A man by the name of Hugo enters the remaining vacancy of the apartment, and the next morning, he was found dead of a drug overdose.
Juliet is about to call the police when Alex discovers that Hugo had brought with him a suitcase filled to the brim in cash (probably criminal activities).
The three finally decide to keep the money and to cover death; after a drawing of straws, the particularly uninvable task of mutilating the body in order to make it unidentifiable and to bury it to David, which had been the most reluctantto participate in the program from the start.
All this takes place in the first twenty minutes of the film, and part of what makes the "fall shallow" so brilliant for a while, it was that I had honestly no idea what was going to come.
In addition to the obvious question of the reason for which they do not report death and do not just hide money, which is not addressed, conspiracy and characterization, although sometimes predictable, worked in a way that hasKeep my attention and, more than one opportunity, gave me chills.
I will therefore try to continue this review in a way that does not give too much plot.
In general, the trio is in danger due to the underground connections of Hugo, while two henchmen are looking for money and kill several people in the process.
A police inspector (Ken Stott) is clearly suspicious and visits the apartment, asking specific questions and trying to denigrate the three suspects by exchanging pieces of banal and strangely humorous dialogue with a junior detective.
David, on the other hand, becomes more and more paranoid, settles in the attic and develops an affinity for sharp objects.
The director Danny Boyle effectively creates an atmosphere of tension and suspection of assembly in the apartment, and finally the three seem ready to turn against each other.
Although I do not consider myself as the type "happy ends are automatically stupid", I thought that "the shallow tomb" should have really ended with a tragedy - a realistic analysis of the story until the last ten minutesFrom the film would indicate that the three characters were probably about to meet in prison, the psychiatric hospital or the morgue.
It could have been accomplished, in a rather credible way, but Boyle and the screenwriter John Hodge seem to start and opt for a more conventional "Caper" end in which we get a kick to see who disappeared who, and nothing more.
Admittedly, it is not really a "happy" end, but it is still quite light compared to what preceded it.
I should really not say more at the end with regard to details, but let me add that it seemed not only superficial and Laz Y but also incompatible with the rest of the film and not very credible.
Yes, this end made me smile for a few minutes, but in the end, it let me feel like I was deceived.
However, "Shallow Grave" was brilliant most of the time, and it meets at least the minimum requirements for an entertaining thriller, and I therefore attribute three stars to it.
I guess I can't help but think of this fourth star that Boyle and Hodge have been able to escape.