If this is maintained, Jane Austen (meaning and sensitivity, pride and prejudices) may have to request a posthumous subscription from the Guild of Screen writers.
Yet another novel made the transition to the silver screen.
Mansfield Park is a turning point of the century (from the 18th century in progress on the 19th) History of love among the classes as well as an examination in a society and appropriate family ties.
Fanny Price of ten years (Hannah Taylor-Gordon, Jakob the liar), taken from his mother and his father and of poverty in which they live, is sent with his aunt and the privileged class to Mansfield Park, under the severe handPatriarcalede his uncle, Sir Thomas Bertram (Harold Pinter, Mojo)
Spend her days recalling her lower status, she invents and also writes fanciful stories in her private time.
Fanny finally becomes to become a beautiful, intelligent and engaging heroine (unlike the original character that MS. Austen initially written in her novel.)
The writer / director Patricia Rozema (when night fell) is responsible for textual changes.
From a purely dramatic point of view, the revision is perfectly logical and improves the attraction of the film of the film.
What ms.rozema has done is to infuse the main character with a large part of the AUSTEN's own personality by including extracts from the author's journals, giving Fanny's dialogue.
The result is a central character which is immediately attractive.
As Fanny Adult, Australian actress Frances O'Connor (everything on Adam) does a wonderfully textured job.
Sometimes Ms.rozema A Fanny addresses the camera directly to communicate many most introspective observations in the novel.
It is a device that is difficult to work transparent in an period film and it is at MS. The Crédit d'O'Connor that it works as well as.
The central theme that gives the story its legs in an old man ...
Whether it's better to get married for love or social position?
Fanny fell in love with his cousin Edmund (Jonny Lee Miller, Plunkett & Macleane) who also seems to love her.
His attentions are soon divided while the elegant and socially acceptable Mary Crawford (Embeth Davidtz, Bicentennial Man) enters the image with his just as acceptable brother Henry (Alessandro Nivola, inventing the abbotts) who ends up having romantic views onFanny.
While Mary and Henry are obviously less than sincere in their affections, their presence provides the film and the main characters of the necessary conflict which maintains our interest until the end of the film in Austen.
The other thematic devices include a awkward reference inserted at the source of the wealth of Mansfield Park ...
the slave trade.
There is also a suspicion of lesbianism and incest, but none is transported very far and is quickly forgotten.
Motivation of marriage remains the main thematic push.
Fanny's cousin, Maria Bertram (Victoria Hamilton, persuasion) is an example of the one who makes a bad match, marrying an easy fool who is able to make her comfortable, but never happy.
Fanny's own mother, trapped in her chosen life, warns Fanny admitting that her situation is due to the fact that she "married for love".
Fanny, given these two terrible examples, and confronted with the same choice is naturally undecided about the way to look.
The spiritual response, of course, lies in the midst of these two extremes.
Marriage is not a cold and calculating decision based on self-preservation.
Nor is it an insane decision taken in the warm persistence of a passionate embrace.
In the purest sense, marriage forms an insoluble union where two people agree to function as one.
 "And said, because this cause will leave a man and mother, and will he be cleared to his wife: and will they be one flesh?"
Matthew 19: 5 [KJV]
Love and logic can be combined.
The Word of God contains both.
SO makes a marriage based on its truth.