More than forty years ago, the "Sword and sandals" genre of the historic epic governed the box office.
During the 1950s, Hollywood sought to give the public a reason to deactivate their televisions and go out to the cinema by offering the great spectacle of the Roman Empire in Cinemascope.
 "Ben Hur."
 "Cleopatra."
 " the dress . "
 "Sparticus."
 "The fall of the Roman Empire."
 "Quo vadis."
Sometimes brilliant, sometimes Campy, the Roman epic was the classic Hollywood funeral pyre.
Since then, epics have rarely appeared ("The Last Emperor", "Braveheart") and some of the best were the small screens produced in the 1970s ("Roots", "Shogun").
However, the expression "we who are on the verge of dying greets you" has been absent so far.
 "Gladiator" begins in Germania in A.D. 180.
General Romain Maximus (Russell Crowe) conquered another group of barbarians for his emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), and he is impatient to retire in his plantation in Spain where his wife and son are waiting.
However, the emperor fears that his weak son decadent (Joaquin Phoenix) will reveal himself a bad successor, he therefore wants to make Maximus his heir as a transition to Rome again again.
When Comodus hears the plan, he strangles his father and ordered Maximus and his murdered family.
Maximus escapes from the executioners, but he arrives too late at his home too late to save his wife and his son.
A caravan of slaves picks up the injured hero and transports him to North Africa.
 (Why the caravan was cruising by the place of Maximus is never explained.)
An African named Juba (Djimon Hounsou) deals with the injuries of Maximus.
Proximo (Oliver Reed), a gladiator who won his freedom, buys Maximus and Juba as fodder for the arena.
Of course, Maximus is as capable of a gladiator as a soldier and his fame spreads.
When Commodis reopens the Colosseum, Proximo brings its troop of warriors to Rome to compete.
Our hero wins the heart and spirit of crowds acclaiming and notes that he has an ally in the sister of Commodus Lucilla (Connie Nielsen).
The similarities with "Braveheart" are obvious: a evil king, a determined warrior seeking to take revenge on his murdered family, the help of a princess of love.
In addition, like the epic of Mel Gibson, "Gladiator" has a mainly visceral attraction and is pushed forward by the anger of the hero.
It is a simple story of good against evil.
Maximus has all the virile virtues: nobility of goal, courage in battle, loyalty to the king and the country, physical endurance and devotion to the family.
Commodus is its opposite in every way: a loose flowing and selfish that aims to disgust the public.
The crowd of opening evenings in my theater was around 70% of men, and it seems appropriate.
 "Gladiator" is a guy film (the opposite of a "Chick Flick" would he be a "cock film"?).
There is a lot of testosterone pumping and cutting body parts from horrible battle sequences.
 (Those easily offended by Gore should stay away.)
Lucilla is the only female character, and the sparks that are between her and Maximus are attenuated by his devotion to his deceased wife.
Joaquin Phoenix gives an amazing performance.
In the scene where Commodus kills his father, Phoenix shows the pain of a son who has never had the love or pride of his father.
Throughout the image, Phoenix manages to give depth to a character who is scripted as a caricature of evil.
I have been a Russell Crowe fan from "Romper Stamper".
This role does not offer him the complexity of his parts in "L.
A .confidential "and" The Insider " - essentially his work is to heroically growled - but his voice, which has a resonance Richard Burton textured by a Clint Eastwood grater, is perfect for the genre.
The late Oliver Reed gave us the best job of his career in his last role.
I hope he will be rewarded with an Oscar.
my onl There leaves it with "Gladiator" is his stylized look.
Several scenes are tinted.
We have seen a lot of recently tinted look, especially in "Payback" and "The Matrix".
I do not get the attraction of style, which makes the feature films look like television advertisements.
In "Payback", he was simply boring, but in "Gladiator", he whitens the color of the big glasses which are the raison d'être of the Roman epic.
 (Maybe it's supposed to go on imperfections of the photos generated by computer.)
In addition, the battle scenes are filmed in a strange jerky style of Herky which seems to be Slo Mo and forward quickly simultaneously.
 (This reminds me of the way the flash works in the comics, leaving a half-ground trace of images of itself.)
With a more realistic look, "Gladiator" could be even more satisfactory than "Braveheart" because he has a tighter script and a more fulfilling conclusion.
Conclusion: an action film leading to enriched by great performances but tarnished by stylistic choices.