The factor offers but no first class
The Postman A Film Review of Michael Redman Copyright 1997 by Michael Redman
[Warning: My opinion on this film is definitely in the minority of criticisms perhaps because it strikes so much of my cinematographic pimples: post-apocalypse stories, hope in a desperate situation, basic uprisings and kevinCostner.
Worse, I thought "waterworld" was observable.
Read the following with these particular salt grains.]]
It's 2013 and things collapsed.
Due to a World War in the late 90s, the resulting three years of winter and a devastating plague, life in the ancient United States has been reduced to isolated primitive fiefs.
Although it is the future, it looks like a western.
While the film opens, Kevin Costner (the name of his character is never revealed) wanders in Utah waste with only his mule bill for the company.
Giving extraordinarily bad Shakespearean performances in exchange for food and accommodation, Costner is a stranger in a country of foreigners.
Running in an still worse chance, he is enlisted by force in the racial holnisic army of General Bethlehem (Will Patton).
Rag-Tag's retro-futuristic cavalry is the descendant of militia groups and is even called the "clan"
After a brutal training camp, he (and you can see this to come to a mile) escapes.
By supporting himself in a shipwrecked postal truck, he releases the uniform and the mail bag of the skeleton in the cabin which no longer has any use.
Once he reached Oregon, the land of beautiful women, young brilliants and rock and roll; he pretends to be a representative of the "restored congress of the United States of America".
This scam puts it inside murals where the promise of mail delivery renews optimism in the hearts of the inhabitants.
Food and other opportunities come in the form of Abby (Olivia Williams) who wants him to please a child because her husband is sterile.
Shortly, her husband is killed by Bethlehem and her and the factor (as Costner is mentioned for the rest of the film) becomes a reluctant element.
Although the factor knows that it manages fraud, the concept of renewed communications puts the imagination of children on fire (in particular Ford Lincoln Mercury (Larenz Tate), his second command.
The relaunched postal service is coupled with an army to fight the tyranny of holnists.
The factor has become a symbol of hope in a Rube Goldberg way.
Although the film calls for my sensitivity, there are so many things that are not bad to count.
It is derived from "waterworld" of Costner and Clint Eastwood Westerns.
There is little here that we have not seen tens of times before.
The film is often cheesy.
A scene where the postman is on horseback and catches a letter from the hands of a bright -eyed child is embarrassing in his banality in slow motion.
The last minutes of the film should have been left on the floor of the cutting room.
Despite the excessive duration of three hours in the film, several things are never explained.
What was the war?
How has civilization changed so quickly?
Everyone has horses: where everything he came from?
The "law of the eights" of which Bethlehem lives seems to have its origins somewhere beyond the film, but where?
Should we believe that the rest of the world is in the same form and has not made its way to the west to help or conquer?
There is a mixed symbolism here which does not seem to have meaning.
History obviously says that communication can overcome evil in the same way as the Internet has the potential to overthrow governments, but beyond that, there are quirks.
The evil army is called "holnists" which resembles by coincidence like the "holism" of the new age, but why?
Is it another coincidence that it takes place in 2013, just a year after many Old prophecies (including the end of the Mayan calendar) predict a new world for humanity?
Why is the general named "Bethlehem"?
There seems to be a reason for that, but what?
Sometimes the film looks like a joke.
An army of postal postal posts with firearms?
Given the titles of recent years, it takes a huge act of faith to encourage these guys.
It is even more difficult to accept those who re -developed the federal government as a hero.
Given the current climate of the country and the distrust of the great government, he asked the public a lot to put himself behind the nationalism of the film.
Even with its many faults, the film meets, if only for those who have the same weaknesses as me.
It is doubtful that "The Postman" finds a general public, but some of us will have a good time.
In addition, we all await the fall of civilization caused by the computer bug of 2000 millennium.
 (Michael Redman has written this column for over 22 years and wishes to announce that the "Michael Redman" stopped near Indianapolis last week for accepting an illegal package of Federal Express is, at the best of his knowledge, not to him.
Maybe this named person should have used Kevin Costner's postal service.)