Finding the courage to face life is a difficult task.
To invoke the audacity to fall in love is a more difficult job.
If you are a total fool like Melvin Udall, the chances are even more against you.
Melvin (Jack Nicholson) is a successful romantic author who is the opposite of what you expect that someone in this profession is.
A lonely man hid in his New York apartment without human interaction and not even a suspicion of having been in a passionate relationship, he avoids the outside world as much as possible.
His obsessive-compulsive disorder governs his life as he uses several different soap bars to wash his hands and refuses to walk on a crack on the sidewalk.
 (There is a large scene where he must cross a floor in mosaic tiles - _Very_small_ mosaic tiles.)
Melvin has superb lines.
When his publisher's receptionist asks him how he writes women so well in his books, he replied "I think of men and I suppose reason and responsibility".
Don't get me wrong, it's not just a misogynist.
It is more than that higher than that, he is also a homophobic, racist, anti -Semitic, xenophobic, animal and hates intense people who speak in metaphors.
When we meet him for the first time, he is busy throwing a neighbor's dog in the fall of garbage.
It is a fanatic of equal opportunities.
He ventures outside his apartment every day to have breakfast in a local cafe.
Melvin is a curmudgeon so growled that the waitress Carol Connelly (Helen Hunt) is the only one to wait for him.
And she is not too happy on this subject.
When Carol does not show up at work, Melvin's routine is turned and he is determined to do something.
By finding his address, he presents herself to her house to return to work so that he can have breakfast.
The fact that she is a poor single mother who takes care of a chronically ill son does not seem the phase, he wants his food.
Much more overwhelming is that his neighbor of Gay artist Simon Bishop (Greg Kinnear) is brutally attacked during a flight.
It does not upset Melvin much ("don't worry, you will be back on your knees in no time") but when he is the victim of intimidation to take care of Simon's dog, his life has become up.
Melvin is kidnapped because he is afraid of what is on the other side of the door of his apartment.
He must ensure that he is ritual locked three times to keep the world in his good side.
When he brings the dog back to the house, he faints held out, by talking to him and taking him wherever he goes.
This little crack in her emotional armor opens it.
Hidden behind his need for Carol to return to work so that she can serve him, he pays for a specialist to treat his son.
He even develops a friendship with Simon.
The three people are strongly damaged.
Melvin withdrew from life in his apartment.
Carol devoted herself to her son, convinced that she must abandon her life for him.
Simon is far from his parents and friends disappear when he is hospitalized and his money is exhausted.
A more improbable trio to train relationships, you would rarely see.
And in the midst of all this, there are wonderful moments.
Melvin is hilarious in his circle and touches himself as he tries to be nice.
 "You make me want to be a better man," he said.
One of the best aspects is that even if it opens, it is always a curmudgeon.
Carol, fearing that his monetary contribution to the well-being of his son hides a hidden program rushes to his apartment in the rain to explain in uncertain terms that she will never sleep with him.
It only takes her a second to realize that she delivers this statement while looking at that she had just left a wet t-shirt competition.
There is almost nothing left to say about Jack Nicholson.
I do not remember having seen it in anything less than a stellar performance and its exaggerated Melvin is not a disappointment.
Nicholson may be the Bes T actor working today.
Hunt does a commendable job to match Nicholson's energy.
She is not afraid to be considered something less than a baby and her representation of a dilapidated Carol exhausted in the grip with apparently overwhelming obligations is of first order.
Their chemistry on the screen is a bit strange.
Everyone does a wonderful job with the character, but together there is something a little.
This is a minor problem: they work well together, but this missing element is what prevents this from being a four -star film.
Director James L.BROOKS ("Attachments of attachment", "Broadcast News") has a film that receives prizes by The Bucketsful (nominated for all the best gold globes, winners of the National Review Council, inevitable Oscars) andhas a winner on Sonmans.
 "As good as it gets" is not exactly the quality that the title says, but it is damn close.
 (Michael Redman has written this column for over 22 years and as soon as he finished it, he left for an annual celebration of 12 nights generally organized in freezing weather during a snowstorm.
This year, it's in the 60s and it rains.
This wacky El Nino.)