"The End of the Affair" is a dark romantic and bad mood play, which Neil Jordan writes and directs exquisite.
Although it is slow and sometimes confusing to follow, he always manages to offer a moving experience to the public.
Based on the novel of the same name by Graham Greene, the film mainly follows 3 characters.
There is Maurice Bendrix (Ralph Fiennes) who has an affair with the wife of Henry Mile (Stephen Rea) Sarah (Julianne Moore).
Sarah finds that Henry is a bore, because it is just a normal guy.
Everything is work and no game with him.
While Maurice, on the other hand, falls madly in love with Sarah, and would do anything for her.
Unfortunately, the two separate.
All this is witness in a bass of flashbacks, which leads us to our days.
It is a few years later, and they are still thinking of each other, so Maurice hires a private detective (Ian Hart) to see what Sarah is too.
Although it may seem simple, this is not the case.
It is a deep dark story of jealousy that lies in the two men, unhappiness and always lasting love.
All this can look like a brake, but it really captures your interest.
With great performances by Ralph Fiennes (making another type of English patient film, only this film is better) and Julianna Moore which definitively deserves an Oscar because on the 5 films it made in 1999, I believe that C'was the role, she was more passionate and you can see why.
The story was also well written thanks to Neil Jordan.
Even if I have not read the book, there is no doubt that it was just as moving and descriptive.
What do you ask if you ask?
The tragedy of all this.
It is not the typical romance, in which a guy finds a girl, he falls in love and everything is fine, it is more complicated and depressing.
It really shows the complexity of a relationship, because nothing is ever perfect.
Everyone feels a different way and that is what tears us apart.
Back to the script of Neil Jordan, it was not only red roses.
There were times when I also felt it a little slow, but most of the novels are.
He also tended to be a little confusing, especially at the beginning.
He continues to jump from the past to the present, so he was obviously taken for a while to master things.
The superb direction of Neil Jordan was also a superb direction.
I must say that this is his best achievement to date, because very frankly I have never really found that his work was up to par.
It has never done anything for me so far.
At the end, he leaves viewers a little saddened, but nevertheless provoked.
It is certainly one of the best films of 99, and had some of the best actors, especially by Moore.
Not for all moviegoers, but for those who are moviegoers and who want something of value.