One of the most unusual and violent films ever made, "Se7en" is just a few steps from the brilliance.
However, these few steps are only a few stages of a level of evil and depravity that few people want to discuss.
The film received mixed criticism at the exit, but there is an underlying sinister attraction and a plot to this that many criticisms may not have noticed.
Sometimes he becomes a preacher on the horrors he seems to criticize, but the script and the ultimate reimbursement are excellent.
The shocking conclusion is just as unpredictable as the ends of most films are predictable.
This work is 100%intensity.
It is uncomfortable to look, but convincing.
 "I don't want to look, but I can't divert myself."
The story slips slowly and deliberately, manufactured by the visionary director David Fincher.
He has experience in his audience's antant with information and visions, but does not give too much too early.
It was the guy who directed the disaster "Alien 3".
 "Se7en" is even more worrying because the threat is real.
It is human and, although the script takes an artistic license, the way the diabolical killer works here is actually realistic.
In other words, if a human being could be so intelligent, patient, rich and disillusioned.
After the most bizarre opening credits I have ever seen (differently refreshing in the publishing style and musical accompaniment), the initial development of the character takes place.
Morgan Freeman embodies the detective William Somerset, a competent veteran who is ready to abandon his work and the disease of society.
Brad Pitt Co-Stars as a detective David Mills, the young Hotshot who is new in this anonymous city and full of fury to catch the bad guys.
These two beautiful actors give the film its human qualities (with the attractive Gwyneth Paltrow, which plays Tracy, the wife of Mills).
However, none of them stands out above the material.
No lack of respect, but two other actors could have played these games and the film would probably have been about the same.
An ironic note is that Somerset has only one week (or 7, it is seven days) on the force to train his young protégé.
The title of the image also refers to the 7 fatal sins, as told by John Milton in "Paradise Lost" - Gluttony, Greed, Sloth, Lust, Pride, Envy and Wrath.
By the way, I wrote the sins to find out how each victim was found.
These are the last two sins that are the most intriguing and the most shocking, but I will not give that.
As I said, it has an excellent end and no one should spoil it.
Anyway, the brilliant killer intends to make a statement to the world that these sins will no longer be tolerated and he makes the "sinners" suffer.
The two partners stumble on the corpse of an obese caught man.
They learn that he was murdered - forced to eat to death.
The killer leaves small clues about it and other murders and, of course, Somerset and Mills are intelligent enough to stay with him all along.
If they didn't do it, it would be a short film!
The deliberate pace allows the crafts of details and history.
We see a lot of blood, but it is not particularly violent.
The suggestion of what's going on is much more disgusting than anything that is really shown - like most violence in "pulp fiction".
 "Se7en" is bloody, graphic and disturbing, but the whole gore is after death.
However, if you tend to become nauseous, do not eat food during this film.
Kevin Spacey plays John Doe, the avenge angel who claims that he is the messenger who will correct the wrongs with his teachings.
Like many crazy men, he has beautiful ideas, but some sick ways to express himself.
Spacey does not appear before the last 30 minutes and also does not receive billing in the opening credits.
However, it is his appearance that upsets this film and for that, he should have obtained an nodal nomination .
A big bad guy manages to make you bury or feel obliged to listen to his ramblings, whether or not you agree with him.
This character is so well written that it is difficult not to agree when he says that what he does will be in everyone's memories.
No serial killer has ever been so creative.
 "Se7en" is clearly insufficient with his messages on the horrors of the world and it is often a little too depressing.
What is missing in these areas, he compensates with a credible dialogue, a first -rate scriptwriting, unexpected twists and turns and realistic characters.
The technical aspects of the film are discreet.
Fincher uses lighting, music and publishing fairly well, but its story is always the push of the film.
Fortunately, we do not discover what is happening in Mills and Somerset after the fence credits (which are behind the screen!).
It is better to imagine what paths they will follow.
This is not the kind of film you divert and quickly forget.
He has a sinister message and John Doe is right about one thing - the ailments of the world will not be cured.
 "Se7en" raises difficult questions and it is intelligent enough to allow his audience to answer several of these questions by themselves.
Useless Trivia - Co -Stars in "Se7en" from 1995, Brad Pitt and Kevin Spacey also contributed for the best actor of 1995, Oscar - Pitt in "12 Monkeys", Spacey in "The Usal Suspects" (for which he won).