Let me open it with a confession: I like cop movies.
I love them with such an unshakable and almost stupid passion that I was actually one of the first online to see a 1998 hard cop showing the most smiles of the Baldwin brothers, Steven.
Was it good?
Well, almost as good as the impression of Baldwin Steven Seagal (for those I confused, the answer is a non -resounding!).
Now let me clarify, I don't like any cop movie; I'm not too passionate about sufficient copy copies that were so popular in the 80s and now slowly (Gulp) returningThanks to Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker.
I am partial to these gravelly and earthy cops of cops like Serpico, Donnie Brasco and the French connection.
The problem is that these films are almost as often as often as George W.bush makes a convincing point so each time a "real" cop film strikes the multiplexes, I come to him like an impatient puppy ??? And inevitably I go, my head bows, stumbling on my corrugated tail.
So, what is the cop's films transform me into a moron willing to pay $ 7 .50 for a film entitled One Tough Cop (which looks a lot like a Wiseguy spin-off, right?)?
The truth is that I am an aspiring for these sterile streets, this modernist jungle jung gravelly and seriously where the dangerous criminals hide and that the cops, like modern knights, must protect us from their inexpensive claws.
Yes, everything is very cheesy and terribly clubish boys, which, I suppose, is precisely where these feelings come from.
Like the boys of us, the boys, we are raised to create our own wars with Gi Joe's, root cops and thieves or cowboy and Indian fantasies, etc. The best gravelly cop films exploit these joyful adolescent fantasiesAnd strengthen them, transforming everything into an existential nightmare of thin moral lines and psychological chaos.
As an adult, my tastes have not changed drastically; of course, I can get a cerebral summit of the emotional complexities of a Kieslowski Kiesstof film, but I always look forward to the promise that a film "guys "could potentially bring.
What if it is the cops who are corrupt?
Ooh that I am really made to move forward, these protectors using everything that at their service, taking advantage of others for their own gain.
Throw an audience drama (Yech!)
In the pot and you have the film by Sidney Lumet which absorbs the prince of the city.
How much Prince of the City is absorbed, ask yourself?
If damn absorbent that when the film goes from the drama of grainy copy to the courtroom (an sub-genre that I hate the way Kristy Swanson must hate Sarah Michelle Gellar), I remained completely and completely involved.
The stars of the film treat Williams, who gives the kind of performance that should have soaked his career to the level that Brad Pitt is currently lies.
Since I was developed only two years before the release of Prince of the City, I cannot provide an answer to explain why he did not do it.
 (Although to judge by his recent roles in guts like Deep Rising and Dead Heat, I suppose it probably has something to do with a lot of bad career movements).
Like Mickey Rourke and Eric Roberts (who currently has time in purgatory directly to video), Williams is a talented leading man who failed to know where he should have.
 (If there was justice in this dog who became World, Keanu Reeves would be the one banished from directing video hell).
Here, the actor receives a role is not all different from Al Pacino in Serpico (also produced by Lumet).
Williams plays Danny Cienlo, member of an elite team of police officers who eliminate drug traffickers in the streets before Juliani of New York.
They work without uniforms or hours a bit like paying vigilants.
And this analogy is more than after seeing how the group is a little forced to use corrupt means to do the work.
The team is fully based on informants (low -level hooks) to access large wigs and in Orde R To obtain the information they are looking for, they sometimes have to provide the Camelots of their choice.
Danny did this, and although he was a fairly honorable guy, who took the post to do good, his intentions have become a little biased along the way.
He seeks redemption and concludes that the best way to get it is to speak to internal affairs which then convince him to go under cover as a "double agent".
He does it with a condition: he does not miss his partners.
Immediately, we know that is exactly what he will have to do.
And watching the film to build is exciting in the way any big story focused on the characters can be.
The infiltrated cop films are almost exciting interior, even the genre that removes all the shots (as in too deep).
How not to be moved by the problems of betrayal, ambiguity and danger of putting yourself in such a risky position?
The prince of the city takes all this and the charge with a boiled and perceptual script and an in -enter -reacted direction extended by Old Pro Sidney Lumet, as well as a handful of intense performance, in particular by Treat.
Lumet's biggest contribution to the film is the way he rests and lets the camera absorb the action.
His scenes quickly go from one to the following layers of tension, and he rarely holds for reaction shots, but he clicks on precisely when a character prevents yakking.
The worst trend of Lumet is the one that many filmmakers (in particular Oliver Stone) tend to use too much: it relies a little too much on the actors by shouting their lines against each other in order to go up the tension.
This is not as much a problem here as in Night Falls in Manhattan, the most recent cop \ lawyer for Lumet, Endeavour, a film that almost gave me a ulcer to watch.
Although recently Lumet has made several very horrible career choices (maybe he and treat should come together to have a drink or something), the most recent a completely useless remake of Gloria, here he was in tension in aFilm that works for 167 minutes with not a dull place.
Some of the formula images that I like the most are the most simplistic.
Hollywood often forgets how easy it is to make these types of images even tolerable.
Of course, cop movies are no longer popular (yes, friends' films are popular, but these are more like stretch sitcoms with shots in the middle of punch lines), but just watch the films of'Average Hollywood action, films so swollen and full of unnecessary fat like boring love interest that is useless other than blocking the action and demonstrating that our hero is not gay, the relief characterLocious comic that is never funny, and again.
For all its moral ambiguities, the prince of the city is a drama of the copy of the essential which leaves aside all bullshit and really thrills.
He focuses completely on his story, and his characters are all completely credible from the cops to the lawyers, including the addicts.
There is a big scene at the start of the place where an Irate Williams shouts to an AI officer and seems to be about to embark on one of these inspiring speeches in Braveheart, but heDecomposes in front of the cop and begins to sob.
This is a scene that would never make a film by Michael Bay (even if Bruce Willis sacrifices his life at the end of Armageddon, not a fucking tear), it would be cut because the director would say Oh who makes him too human,Excuse me, weak.
In the next scene, Danny speaks in a muffled grater, trying to get the words out.
He lost his voice.
Is this little Bitty detail important?
Maybe not for the most part, but it certainly made my night.
And in a sprawling epic of corruption, greed, betrayal and violence, it is pleasant to see that someone pays attention to little things.