With the release of Gattaca, I started wondering why all science fiction films deal with destructive foreigners or foreigners in general.
Hollywood gave the public a lot of thrills with these extraterrestrial films, but what was generally lacking was a good story ...
And good characters ...
And good game, etc.(contact being the exception).
And for any reason, Hollywood has never taken a look at the extraterrestrials here on earth.
The closest, which I saw anyway, was 2001: a space odyssey, which made humanity an extraterrestrial race itself, overshadowed by the technology they created.
Now comes Gattaca, another film on Supreme reigning technology, except here on our planet.
The difference between 2001 and this is simple: the Gattaca is more frightening.
Most of the concepts of this film are based on recent discoveries in genetic engineering.
Using this premise, the writer / director Andrew Niccol creates a real suspense and thrills.
Unfortunately, due to a lack of advertising, I fear that Gattaca will not be horribly very box office.
Since I saw the film, I have been asking people if they saw Gattaca.
Recently, however, I asked them if they even heard of Gattaca.
Most people don't even realize it's a film.
Despite this fact, I certainly hope that the members of the public who saw this film will talk to their friends about it.
Niccol's film deserves more than the day of independence does because it is smarter, better produced and more realistic.
Gattaca began in the 21st century.
Procreation is now done in a petri box, and genetic engineering is the normal way to do so.
The natural birth of the child is considered to be old.
We are presented to Jerome Morrow (Ethan Hawke), an employee of the Gattaca space program.
One of the directors of the program was assassinated and the main suspect is a Vincent Freeman.
The only problem is that Jerome Morrow is Vincent Freeman.
Vincent was born in the natural way in which his parents decided to bring their first child into the world thanks to love.
However, after his birth and through several genetic tests, doctors tell his parents that he will have a 99% weak heart, as well as a bad view of the eyes and a short lifespan.
Consequently, both parents decide to bring their next baby into the world via genetics.
Anton (Loren Dean) is produced without defects, and competition between the brothers appears.
Vincent has the dream of stealing a solo flight around the Titan, the 14th moon of Saturn, but because of his state, Gattaca and society in general, forces him to do subordinate work around the company.
Tagged as an "in-valid", Vincent's dream seems impossible, until he meets a specialist in the DNA of the black market, German (Tony Shalhoub).
The German presents him a "valid" which was paralyzed by waste due to an automobile accident.
Jerome Morrow (Jude Law) agrees to give Vincent all the appropriate identification tools (urine, blood, skin and hair, etc.) that he will have to exceed the tight safety of Gattaca.
In exchange, Vincent will provide Jerome with the rent of money and friendship.
After the murder, however, his dreams are endangered because of one of Vincent's eyelashes left on the scene of the crime.
Irene Cassini (Uma Thurman) is a genetically wrong "valid" for Gattaca, and she begins to fall in love with Vincent / Jerome.
Gattaca is one of the best science fiction films that I have seen for a long time.
Only two other intelligent science fiction films have been released in the past two years (contact and arrival) and Gattaca will rank among them.
Unfortunately, whenever an intelligent film extends against special effects loaded with effects, it is normally buried.
The second best thing about Gattaca is the design of the production of Jan Roelfs.
The orange glow of Gattaca's scenes is impressive, but the sets deserve most of the credit.
The sets are very Bravo, creating a futuristic sense, but not too futuristic to alienate viewers.
By looking at the conceptions, we realize that these buildings are not too far in the future.
This brings the plot even more credibility as genetic engineers becomes more possible every day that passes.
The best thing, however, is the intrigue.
History is more than your average science fiction / thriller.
In his heart, he develops a theme which is never overwhelming but which is always present.
Perhaps Niccol warns our race on the changes that genetic falsification could bring.
Would our society become a bunch of soulless zombies?
Perhaps human nature is the result of the defects of humanity.
If we get rid of the faults, do we also get rid of dreams?
Niccol's intelligent script manages all these questions extremely well, and the result is an incredibly intelligent thriller against a dramatic story, or vice versa.
The power of the actors brings a lot of credibility to flat characters.
Although Flat can look like bad work on the part of Niccol, he actually improves the meaning behind history.
Ethan Hawke has become a beautiful adult actor, giving his best performance in his life so far.
His curiosity and motivation push his character in front of all the discouraging remarks of his parents and "valid" peers.
Uma Thurman is ... Well, Uma Thurman.
Her character is slightly underdeveloped, but the story is not on her.
However, Thurman gives a lot of depth to the flat character.
Jude Law gives the most complex performance in the film with the most disturbing character.
It offers several pleasant touches, and its final scene is a very touching and heartbreaking scene.
Loren Dean gives a good performance in his well -developed character.
Dean is also responsible for some of the most suspended scenes in the film.
Alan Arkin portrays one of the detectives with a little less excitement than with his Blank Big Pointe Psychiatrist.
However, he does a good job.
Gore Vidal and Xander Berkeley both offer very good support roles, and Berkeley also gives a sincere discussion at the end of the film.
Gattaca is classified PG-13 for brief violent images, language, a certain sexuality and nudity.
Despite the dark and sorry mood of the whole film, I was not exactly prepared at the end which left me empty.
It turned me off slightly, but I realized that everything turned out as he should have.
If it had been a typical Hollywood film, it would have finished very differently.
However, with all insane science fiction films, it is pleasant to have a film that does not speak to your audience (I particularly like the ironic title and how it consists of the four letters that make up the genetic coding: G, T, c and a).
Instead, it offers essential entertainment that gives us science fiction fanatics exactly what we want: a science fiction film with a moral behind.
What happened to give a lesson to the public while entertaining?
Hopefully more writers and directors will learn from Gattaca ...
And I hope the public will do it too.
P.S. Personal to P.JGLADNICK: How dare to call this film The worst film of the year.
I can't even start imagining what you like the film.
It scares me beyond everything.