It was easy to fear the worst.
Start with a classic television series from the 1960s, add a big budget and a star of list A in the main role and stir.
Script, do you ask?
Who needs it, kid ...
We have a formula.
It was my fear: a swollen monster without any sense of management.
Then, to my great astonishment, everything that could go wrong ...
doesn't .
The fugitive is as thin, tense and tense as all that the kind of action has produced in recent years.
Under the direction of Andrew Davis (1992 under the siege), the fugitive grabs you by the gorge from the start and never lets go.
Expect that the box office is going through the roof, rightly so, and expect an Oscar nomination for Tommy Lee Jones.
The premise is simple.
Dr.Richard Kimble (Harrison Ford) is wrongly condemned for the murder of his wife after having fought with the real killer, a man with an artificial arm.
After an attempted evacuation of certain other prisoners during a transfer is going wrong, Kimble finds himself on the run.
His only goal: to find the man with an arm (Andreas Katsulas) before you.s.Marshall Sam Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) finds him.
Where the fugitive surprises the most is the script, by Jeb Stuart and David Twohy.
In a genre where we are almost always invited to allow logic jumps, the script surprised me several times with his intelligence, his attention to details and his respect for the public.
In an early sequence, Kimble sneaks into a hospital to shave the beard, back up her hair and transform into a laboratory blouse.
Going out, a police officer jokingly says to the man whom he does not know how to be Kimble to zip his pants.
It's a little while, but he knocks on the house the urgency of Kimble's situation, and exactly what a man anxious not to be recognized could easily forget.
Later, while trying to get lost in a parade, Kimble thinks of dropping his overcoat, the most likely way he would be recognized behind.
It is these details that convince us that when a colleague from Kimble tells Gerard that he is too smart to be taken, he may be right.
Credit must also be granted to special effects and waterfall coordinators.
The bus accident that allows Kimble's escape is a spectacular sequence, as is a jump in a dam in the water below.
The action is clear and brutal and never fictionalized.
Special congratulations go to director Davis for having maintained a relentless rhythm which underlines the determination of the two tracks.
And what pair of performance these prospects are.
Tommy Lee Jones is simply brilliant than Gerard, because he manages an incredibly difficult feat.
For the first third of the film, there is really no mean * in itself; Kimble is on the run and Gerard is there to find it.
It would have been very easy to transform Gerard into a malicious and vindictive inspector Javert, but that never happens.
Instead, Jones plays him like a sharp and committed man who just does his job, so that when he responds to Kimble's comment, "I did not kill my wife", with a fact, "I'In sheet, "We know exactly what he means.
It is not his work to determine guilt or innocence.
It is his work to bring a fugitive.
This is a well written character played with Relish by an actor at the top of his form.
The only unhappy thing about Jones' amazing Tour is that it is likely that it overshadows Harrison Ford, and it's a shame.
Throughout his career, Ford was underestimated as an actor because of his pigeon as a hero of action.
However, he does a good job with Kimble's less flashy part, always keeping this man's advantage in the foreground because of his intelligence.
The fugitive could only work as much as possible if the two protagonists always seemed to be on an equal footing, and Ford is up to par.
This summer was responsible for action / suspense films, and most of them have done rapid business.
However, it's t IME for Clint, Sean and various dinosaurs to withdraw.
The pursuit is on.
My advice is to catch it.