Ingredients: little orphan little boy, rural grandparents, mountains, Amerindian traditions
Synopsis: In this loving film, a representation of an idyllic and pivot film that a young boy passes with grandfather and grandmother, the self-memories of an invisible narrator focus on her vision of the world as a boyorphan of Tennessee learning her inheritance through her grandparents.
The framework was after the First World War, during the years of the Great Depression.
A nine-year-old orphan named Little Tree (Joseph Ashton) is taken and taught the wonderful methods of woods by his Caucasian grandfather Monshiner (James Cromwell) and his Amerindian grandmother (Tantoo Cardinal) in the wild of the mountains of the mountains ofmountains of the mountains of the mountains of the mountains of the mountains of the mountains of the mountains of the mountains of the Montagnessenèssee.
Here, the little tree learns an almost magical appreciation for nature and agricultural life - and has beautiful and wonderful things like sunrise.
Everything is miraculous for a child.
But everything collapses for the boy when the U.S. the government forcibly withdraws the custody of grandfather and grandmother, and forces the small tree to attend the boarding school of the gap, a sort of internment camp whereChildren Multiracial Cherkee are indoctrinated to dress, pray, speak and think like whites or cope with lonely bodily isolation.
Through her childhood experiences, Little Tree learns lessons on love, race, life, death, people, nature and popular wisdom.
Opinion: this excellent excellent family film.
It is one of these invaluable screen jewels that no one knows because it is not very announced.
You will not find any Schlock formula, cute characters, canned spirituality, following teasers or commercial links, but you will find that the education of Little Tree is a refreshing film, impeccably played, original, wonderful and touching.
Take the whole family and bring a tissue box for tears.
This one is as good as the old Yeller.