In 1994, an overview of an initiate on a scandal race for the presidential Democratic appointment (closely based on Clinton's campaign in 1992) was written anonymously (the former Newsweek writer Joe Klein, then claimedtrue paternity).
Now, the book, Primary Colors, has been transformed into a film, directed by Mike Nichols, and, in the light of recent presidential scandals, seems to be more relevant than ever.
But the film is more than a rant against, or a PAEAN praise, the president.
It is a fascinating look at political machines, and the ethical quagmire, which surrounds modern politics.
Jack Stanton (John Travolta) is the governor of a small southern state who presents himself for the Democratic presidential appointment.
He is charismatic, but has several faults that threaten to condemn his campaign and tend his relationship with his wife, Susan (Emma Thompson).
The film is told from the point of view of Henry Burton (Adrian Lester), grandson of a leader in civil rights, which is swept away by Stanton's ideals and helps organize the campaign.
He joined the political strategist Richard Jemmons (Billy Bob Thornton, who is very similar to James Carville), and the campaign councilor Daisy Green (Maura Tierney).
The past of Governor Stanton appears several times to haunt him, a fact that his main rival, Lawrence Harris (Kevin Cooney), constantly uses his advantage.
To help clean the campaign of Stanton, Jack and Susan bring an old friend, Libby "The Dustbuster" Holden (Kathy Bates).
The game in primary colors is superb.
It would be worth seeing the film for the wild performance of Bates alone.
It animates the atmosphere with energy in a really noisy performance.
Travolta makes a beautiful imitation of Clinton as a Stanton governor, although his accent moves away a little.
Emma Thompson offers solid performance as a suffering woman who can not let anything show who could harm the presidential race.
The problem with political films is that they tend to alienate more than half of their audience by promoting one side or the other, otherwise the film is vague to the point of boredom.
The primary colors work slightly on this question.
Although Stanton is clearly described as a democrat, and there are some minor beards thrown in the way of the Republicans, the film addresses some real political questions.
In fact, most "bad guys" are democratic colleagues on the same road in the White House.
Rather than problems, the film is mainly concerned about scandals and control of the spin.
Although the film is moving away in a territory obviously non -linton, it is difficult to separate it completely from reality (especially when certain scenes seem to highlight the current problems of the president).
The main problem of primary colors is its length.
It lasts about 15 minutes too much.
There are scenes that could have been easily cut.
For example, halfway through the film, the candidate gives a speech to an assembly of licensed machinists.
The only apparent goal of the scene is to establish the character of Stanton, who has already been made in similar scenes earlier in the film.
The additional length is not long enough or tiring enough to be boring, but it is an excellent film.
Republicans, democrats and political agnostics should all be able to find something to love in primary colors.
It's a funny, and at times, look at the modern political process.