First of all, I'm not a big fan of the X-Files television series.
I have nothing against that in particular, I do not look at it.
That said, I can now say that I liked the X-Files.
For us, non-fans, there is nothing big for that, but there are a lot of little things.
The film opens on an ice cave in northern Texas in 35,000 B.C.
Two proto-humans enter the cave and find a foreign space cocored inside.
The foreigner frees himself and kills a man in a struggle while the other is apparently captured by bloody oozing from abroad.
The film jumps into the same cave today where a boy (Lucas Black, by Sling Blade) is captured by the same black oozing.
We then reduced the agents of the FBI Scully and Mulder (Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny), who were withdrawn from their previous assignment (surveys on the paranormal) and put on the details of the bomb squad.
A appellant threatened a federal building in Dallas, Texas.
On an intuition, Mulder checks the building on the other side of the street, and, don't you know, it turns out to be fair.
The FBI finds the bomb in time to evacuate but not in time to defuse.
Five people die in the explosion, and when Mulder learns who were the victims, a bulb passes over his head.
The two agents associate themselves to investigate, against the orders of the FBI, the links that Mulder created.
Their research brings them back to the cave of northern Texas, throughout the country, and even in Antarctica as they get closer and closer to "the truth".
The intrigue and "the truth" are inspired.
I had the impression that what I learned was supposed to shock me and surprise myself.
This is not the case.
The possible existence of foreigners on earth has been explored so many times before that the films could barely count them.
But the goal of the X-Files is not what the truth is, but the extent to which it was hidden.
It is a slightly more interesting angle, but it always increases expectations about this too high "truth".
If that was the whole film, I would say that the film was poor, maybe even boring.
But there are other qualities that make me like this film good enough to recommend it.
The rhythm of the film was fast enough to arouse my interest.
Before the public can get bored of one place, the agents follow a hot point in another place, and so on.
The locations are not all sets generated by computer either.
There are artificial environments, but the night of the Nevada desert, the edge of the suburbs in Texas and the endless fields of snow in Antarctica (in fact somewhere in North America.)
Make this film fantastic more real.
Ward Russell's cinematography is very good.
The overall look is dark and disturbing, appropriate in the planned tone of the film's plot.
Russell is able to do something as harmless as a worrying corn field look.
When the film is defined in the dark, the quality of the image is always rich and detailed.
Finally, and more specifically, there is an incredible photo the night in which the camera crosses the slopes in front of a fast train.
I don't know if the blow is rigged in any way, but it looks dangerous, and it looks great.
The soundtrack of the film is also used to transmit the dark tone of the film. (Sauter
In the following paragraph if you have not yet seen the film - there is a spoiler in the following sentences.) During the prehistoric opening sequence, a Wind Dogs howling the soundtrack, never giving the characters or the publicescape from the terrible lonely sound.
In one of the most effective sequences of the film, the metal doors suddenly open to release a cloud of buzzing bees.
The visuals of the scene are good, but what makes him so surprising and scary is sound.
There was no doubt about who would be the stars of the film.
Despite this, Duchovny and Anderson are a pair of interesting actors and a good combination.
Both are easy on the eyes and together, they have a good ti Ming, joke and energy.
There is a suspicion of chemistry between them, but that never bothers their professional relationship.
They are like a few children exploring the empty lot at the end of the street.
There could be a romantic interest, but for the moment they are more interested in their surroundings than they are.
No element really makes this film exceptional - not even the feeling of paranoia which makes the television show so popular.
But enough have been done well so that the X-Files were one of the most interesting summer adventures to come.