Land: a young man who loves heavy metal music and especially the group Steel Dragon, to whom he devoted a tribute group in which he sings, is launched in celebrity when the real group gets rid of their main singer and will call itto take Sonlieu.
Critality: I am a suction for films like this.
A young man with a humble background and high dreams, works hard, devotes time, energy and patience, and finally strikes him.
In the case of this film, our boy likes a certain group of Heavy Metal and as luck would have him (yes, luck always finds his way in these types of equations, although generally linked to hard work), theyneed a new singer.
His entry and adaptation to the whole lifestyle "rock 'n roll" fills the rest of the film and is really fun to watch.
Although I preface this by saying that a thing that would certainly improve your appreciation for this film is your own love (or past love) of Heavy Metal music and the whole scene around it.
Metal was one of my first loves in adolescence and even if the kind of music is no longer so important, I always check my Motley Crue, Twisted Sister and Anthrax CDS from time to time.
This does not mean that you will not like this film if you do not like music, but music and live performances of the group, play a big role in the film, and for my part, I had funWatch and listen to all of this.
But the even larger draw in this film is the exceptional performance given here by Mark Wahlberg.
Wow, put this guy from major accessories, because he becomes completely this geek / god Heavy metal (incidentally, the Metal God was the original title of the film, and much better if you ask me).
He is this film and I was quite taken by his character almost throughout the way.
He came out as an ordinary guy with extremely passionate goals and a work ethics, who was ready to do anything to realize his dreams.
Aniston was also surprisingly good as a girlfriend (and the romance angle between them was soft), but she did not draw me enough during their emotional scenes.
I was also impressed by some of the "real" musicians who played in the film (Zakk Wylde by Ozzy Osbourne, Jeff Pilson de Dokken, Stephan Jenkins by Third Eye Blind, Blas Elias de Slaughter), but actor DominicWest as Kirk Cuddy made the biggest impression among the members of the group.
It should be noted that this film was based on a real story of a young man who sang in a cover group of Judas Priest, then became their true singer (their original singer also admitted to be gay, as in Cefilm).
Just for the record, I certainly do not recommend this film for its elements of originality or surprise, because most of these things have already been covered in one way or another in other films, but because C'is a fun, edifying and well rhythmic film with a solid central performance of Wahlberg and live energetic performances.
Oh yeah, and for those who dig the "heavier" side of music, the soundtrack also rocks !!
You see ... Dreams
can come true ...
Where does Joblo come from?
Almost famous (8/10) - Blow (8/10) - Boogie Nights (9/10) - Detroit Rock City (8/10) - Girlfight (6/10) - GoodFellas (10/10)