If you want generous laughs, then Rat Race is the film for you.
This unpretentious little comedy, which sneaks in theaters today with very little media threw, will make you bounce back in your theater seat.
And while the film fits perfectly into the low -summary comedy school, a refreshing aspect is its lack of nasty suction.
The intrigue follows a group of people chosen at random by an eccentric owner of the Casino de Las Vegas (John Cleese) who must run from Vegas to a busier from the bus station at 700 miles in Silver City, n.m.
Inside the locker is a puff bag containing $ 2 million.
The first to open the locker, obtains the bag and the money.
What the group of participants does not know is that Donald Sinclair de Cleese ("I can do whatever I want - I am eccentric!") Is the race a game for a group ofHigh rolls at the hotel.
Participants include Vera (Whoopi Goldberg) and Merrill (Lanai Chapman), a newly united mother and daughter; Pro football referee Owen Templeton (Cuba Gooding Jr.); Italian tourist Mr.Pollini (Rowan Atkinson);Randy Pear (Jon Lovitz) and his family; the Con-de-Duane and Blaine Cody (Seth Green and Vince Vieluf); and the young cynical lawyer Nick Shaffer (Breckin Meyer).
Various funny meetings and misadventures fall to participants en route to Silver City.
The screenwriter Andy Breckman adds a nice touch by not making the runners try to sabotage.
The most breathtaking situations involve the meeting of Vera and Merrill with the lady of the squirrel, a beautiful hazelnut cameo from Kathy Bates; Owen commanding a charter bus full of looks of Lucille Ball on their way to a Lucy Convention; The Cody brothers are wary with a hot air ball, a flying cow and a monster truck; and the Stopover of the pears family in a Barbie museum, which turns out to be what they think.
The family situation of pears is a fine example of how the Breckman script builds laughter.
Without going into details, this bit is from the museum to Hitler's tour, dark lipstick from Eva Braun, to burn the tongue, culminating during a ceremony in honor of veterans ofthe Second World War.
The Rat Race casting is first rate.
Cleese is wonderfully diabolical and crazy; Lovitz is, at the beginning, a little whining, but his character grows on you; Gooding has a beautiful game; and Dave Thomas almost steals the show as an impassive assistant of Cleese, a man born "without personality ".
The film is directed by Jerry Zucker, who knows something about comedy.
With his brother, David, and his friend Jim Abrahams, he was responsible for tubes such as Airplane!
and ruthless people.
An intrigue of disposable, which is good for certain laughs, presents Cleese and his friends, betting on a series of bizarre situations, including a dealing with a whore and pepto-bismol.
It is a small fun functionality.
The only disappointment comes to the final, which is too delicate and sweet, almost denies what had preceded it.
The rats race is a summer sleeper, but that will keep you awake, just like the laughter of those who look around.