Pitch Black is a sheep in Wolf's clothes.
It is full of darkness, danger and violence and if you buy media threw, a disturbing and frightening film experience.
Don't be fooled.
Pitch Black is a moral game pretending to be a frightening.
It begins with a granted intensity.
A cargo spaceship accident landed on a apparently licked planet of life by the hot heat of three suns.
Among the survivors is Fry (Mitchell), the ship's pilot, who passes the film to fight with the fact that she tried to drop the other passengers in her efforts to get the profession safely.
There is the Imam (David), an Islamic leader whose faith in his God is tested several times throughout the film.
There is an agent of the police in the form of Johns (Hauser), who attacks all situations with the authoritarian zeal of the square jaw.
And there is Riddick (Diesel), a condemned murderer threatening and linked to the muscles which is brought back to court by Johns.
The group quickly measures the situation and each other.
Confident in their evaluation of the questions, a plan is described to escape their infernal environment.
These plans are shredded by the appearance of a planet's fauna, a predatory, sometimes winged species, which enjoys the taste of blood and flesh.
Fortunately, creatures are sensitive to light and are forced to live in catacombs networks below the surface of the planet.
Unfortunately, the group managed to land on the planet for a few moments before an eclipse occurred, which takes off its only protection against monsters.
The group's savior is in the form of Johns, whose decisive leadership seeks to deliver them from purgatory.
where is it?
The blacks of pitch deviate from the standard science fiction rate by avoiding some of the conflicts "Escape The Boogieman" that the genre is generally served.
Just as the planet gave a false facade of lifeless, the first appearances given by the survivors are just as false.
The excitement of the film does not come from the danger posed by creatures, but rather to look at the changing allegiances and the emotional growth of the characters because the planet serves as a sort of Machina to catalyze emotional growth.
A recurring theme takes place throughout the film of faith, whether religious or in a person, and how it feeds their motivations.
I found it by saying that accidental death occurs very early due to the erroneous perception of an self -proclaimed atheist.
Conversely, the imam constantly contributes to a fortune to Allah.
One by one, its perceived sky sent blessings is removed and crushed.
The imam is forced to reassess his faith.
Another character expresses belief in God, as well as a hatred of life.
Another character makes a decision that echoes the feelings of Christ about altruism and has lasting repercussions for several groups.
This is a fascinating study of a character hidden under the cover of a film of fear.
A special mention must be made of Diesel wine, which intriguantly transmits a wild threat combined with a truly fascinating presence.
His character could have easily slid into a parody of the Baddass killing machine, but Twohy and Diesel add a surprising depth to Riddick.
They can be excused for the two or three Shwarzenegger type capture sentences which make a way out of the diesel mouth.
The film has its faults which can be overwhelmed.
The creatures seem derived from those in Alien.
The dialogue is not the fresher sometimes, recalling a bad comic strip.
Yes, the appearance of Riddick's visual skills is more than a bit opportune by considering the situation.
These external signs are on the outskirts of the story that Twohy really tries to tell.
Twohy may have attracted you under the pretension of frightening with Boogieman made in the film, but he shows that the real Boogieman is the prejudices and the beliefs we use to make decisions in our lives.