The last EPOs of Lars are an explosion, although rather in a bad mood.
This love is located in a small town in coarse cliffs in the clothing part of Scotland in something in 1970.
The church (Calvinist) is so strict that the church bells have been removed from the clock, they are considered too without restriction.
In these surroundings, we find the To-weds Jan and Bess, played by Stellan Skarsgaard and the remarkable new film actress Emily Watson.
Jan is on oil and bess leave.
is just bess, a little naive and innocent (in all aspects of the word), at the beginning.
During the wedding party, we are told an anecdote, illustrating her infinite kindness, she once lends a bike to a stranger, her best bike of friends however.
But Bess suffers in this frightening religious society.
We are soon participating in funerals where a man, who fell from the Orthodox path, is resting while he was condemned to hell.
Women are not allowed to attend the funeral or to speak in the church.
When the end of the honeymoon approaches, we see Bess idol Jan in such an intention, almost maniac, that her friends try to calm her a little.
The time came when Jan must go back to the rigging, Bess falls into the darkness of depression, his howl of sorrow and sorrow is heard above the rupture of the waves.
She cannot endure the idea of life without her husband.
We are witnessing her dialogues with God (she speaks both parties, paranoia?)?)
Convincing God to return Jan to oil oil, and his prayers are heard.
An accident on the rigging it, paralyzed with the neck and the bottom.
Now, he cannot satisfy his need for physical love, he tries to persuade her to find a lover, with ulterior motives to make him describe these cases in the smallest detail.
At first, she resists, but her love for Jan and her assurance that it will make him recover more quickly to comply.
Imagine what is the poor girl?
The story is intelligently divided into eight chapters separated from beautiful images made by a Danish artist by Kirkeby, accompanied by music from the time; Procol Harum, Deep Purple, T-Rex and others.
The use of a portable camera and the lack of makeup makes the characters solid and help to separate this film from others in the sentimental genre.
The incredible performance of the actors makes the film shiny, although a little too dark for my taste.
I would say that it is in the kind of Betty Blue (37. 2 in the morning) and the bitter moon (Lunes de Fiel).
Emily Watson as Bess and Katrin Cartlidge as a best friend Dodo offer exceptional performances, it must be the reason to give her the "jury grand prix" in Cannes this year (although we have hoped for the "palm ofGold").
The scenario is now available on paper, the transformation being carried out in the ultimo period May to July, just in time for the first Danish.