In October 1962, the United States found themselves on the verge of nuclear holocaust when Cuba's U2 spy flights revealed that the Soviet Union deployed and actively installed ballistic missiles 90 miles from the United States.
President John Kennedy (Bruce Greenwood) and his staff must face this major threat to world peace and stop Soviet expansionism in the dramatic recreation of director Roger Donaldson of the most dangerous crisis in American history in "thirteendays".
One of the highlights of Made-For-TV films was a 1974 entrance entitled "Missiles of October" which also recreated the historic event which almost involved the United States, the USSR and the world in aCompletely out nuclear confrontation.
This teleplay, with William Devane and Martin Sheen as John and Bobby, showed the political tensions of the period which highlighted the danger that the world was confronted in these two weeks in 1962.
Now, a quarter of a century after the historic TV movie, director Roger Donaldson and the team of producer Kevin Costner together (the last time was for the spy thriller taught "no way out") to reconstruct the events of this momentThe most dangerous in America and in the history of the world.
Taken from the point of view of the special assistant of President Kenneth P.O'Donnell (Costner), Donaldson and Crew recreate this volatile event, again, while the country is plunged into what could have been the total nuclear war.
While O'Donnell is preparing to go to work one morning in October, he takes care of the usual crises and family problems.
Meanwhile, a U2 spying plane photo mission on Cuba produced surprising images - nuclear missiles medium -range in the first stage of deployment.
Suddenly, the day of Ken's routine goes into crisis mode while the president and his key advisor Bobby are starting to bring together the considerable forces of the US military to deal with the Soviet threat.
Where "thirteen days" differs most from the "October missiles" is, as planned, as part of the project.
There is a big difference, in terms of budget, between the manufacture of a television docudrama and which goes on the big screen.
He shows that the "thirteen days" manufacturers develop a recreation of the Cuban missile crisis which not only includes political intrigue in the White House, it also represents the events that have taken place as cherries in America itself fornuclear confrontation.
The cast, a real whole, is conducted, surprisingly, by Bruce Greenwood as JFK and not by Kevin Costner.
O'Donnell de Costner represents the family's guy's thing because the drama of the crisis has his impact on him and his family.
It makes a personal tour on the film because we see both the crisis and the preparation of America for the war and the pressure it exerts to those who know it.
Kenny reassures his wife and children that everything will be fine and that they will be safe, but he knows that, if the crisis comes to the head, his family will no longer be.
"Thirteen days" meat is overall, not the family's microcosm, however.
This is where the film stands out as we see the functioning of our government at the highest level.
History does not only cover the confrontation between the two most powerful countries in the world; it also portrays the animosity between the president and the army / CIA.
The disaster of the Bay of Pigs Invasion the previous year left a suspicious taste in the mouths of the generals and admirals which blame the Kennedys not to support the Cuban expatriates fighting Fidel Castro.
The missile crisis becomes a power struggle because the army / the navy / the Air Force wants to bend their power and invade Cuba, while JFK wants to end the confrontation peacefully, but with the dignity and the world leadership ofAmerica.
While the internal battle for electricity rages at the White House, the head of the Air Force Curtis Lemay (Kevin Conway) advising the president to bombard Cuba in the Stone Age, our armed forces are set in motion toStop the Soviets with a blocking of offenses 4th weapon in Cuba.
This is where High Office's political intrigues are replaced by an exciting action.
When the first confrontation takes place between an American warship and a Soviet cargo cargo, the tension is palpable.
The most involved sequence of action takes place at the end of the game while another U2 is sent to draw some clichés from the accumulation and the fully prepared Soviet forces launch an anti -aircraft attack against the unfortunate pilot of the plane D'spying.
It is a sweaty palm sequence to say the least, making you wiggle in your seat when you try to help the pilot avoid these missiles.
The whole set up Greenwood as the first among the equals with a similar weight given to all the main players.
Greenwood does not play a caricature of JFK, the precedes the typical accent of Kennedy Boston.
Instead, he plays man as a powerful figure who must maintain the dignity of the office, leading his subordinates but giving them latitude to clarify all his options.
Kennedy used this decision by the Committee method with good effect, because his higher staff discovers all the options available for the president.
Costner, as Ken O'Donnell, is really a member of the support distribution as a Kennedy friend, created as a personal political favor.
Costner plays O'Donnell as if he cut old jfk speeches with a forced twang kennedyesque to his speech.
The rest of the players are first of order from start to finish with Steven Culp in search and its appearance like Robert Kennedy.
The rest of the familiar players in this drama are also uniformly broken.
Michael Fairman as an American ambassador besieged at the UN, Adlai Stevenson, who was forced to become the difficult voice of the United States to the United Nations and I remember the confrontation.
The filmmakers capture the accusations deposited by Stevenson with precision, using old -fashioned video sequences with good effect.
Dylan Baker has the appearance of the intelligentsia as a Brainy secretary for the defense Robert McNamara.
Kevin Conway gives his general Lemay the good attitude "bombing them in hell".
Christopher Lawford as a navy pilot William Ecker, who, with his winger, takes the dangerous mission of a low level photo of Cuba, faces the dangerous mission of a low -level photo recognition, "Don 'Get Shot ".
Technological credits are superb at all levels with an admirable representation of the American armed forces placed on a warpath.
It is an impressive production with the meticulous use of period planes and ships that give the film a veracity by going up the event.
The solid costume by Isis Mussenden is subtle but has the appearance of Kennedys.
There is the usual range of vintage cars of the period to ensure that things are good.
The special f / x of U2 sequences is a good manufacturing of computer imaging.
The Cuban missile crisis is probably the two most intense weeks that the United States has never been confronted in its survival as a world leader.
Helmer Donaldson and his beautiful crew and his casting gave the representation of this crucial event with the care and attention to the details that make it the best docudramas of the year.
I give "thirteen days" an A-.