As with his other outings in the United States, Jackie Chan's latest vehicle from Chopocky, Mr. Menant, is artificial, blocked and lacking in narrative logic.
But also like these other films, it's a very pleasant walk.
Again, Chan's writers (here Edward Tang and Fibe MA) took the easy solution and named the character of their star Jackie, without family name.
This Jackie is a world class chief who co-hosts a popular cuisine on Australian television.
Of course, Jackie also happens to be a talented martial artist, and these skills are useful when he gets involved in an ambitious journalist (Gabrielle Fitzpatrick) of a drug ring.
Other details of the plot, involving a video strip and a gang of bikers, are not relevant; in fact, as is the case with most of the Chan films, the intrigue itself is roughlynot relevant.
The only goal of Mr. Existence of Nice Guy is Chan's comic combat scenes, and those here do not disappoint.
Director Samo Hung (who has a role of cameo), a longtime collaborator of Chan's, does not waste time putting Chan in action, plunging head -on in a pursuit / combat / wild shooting after a brief prologue to the show ofkitchen.
Other impressive sets follow, including a prosecution in a shopping center, which leads directly to a little frenzy, if it is cliché (can you say a fruit cart?), Affairs involving a fleeing car;And a prolonged sequence at the end of the film on a construction site, in which a hilarious prosecution through a maze of blue doors culminates in exciting fights involving boards, mixing cement and a deadly buzzing saw.
None of the action sequences in Mr. The nice guy is as spectacular as the fascinating finish of supercopter Supercopter or rumbles in the daring leap of the bronx between two buildings; nothing is either inventive that the fight of the ladder orThe highlight of the air tunnel in First Strike and Operation Condor, respectively.
But the action delivers, even if the energy is embarrassed before the end of the film (the final, as spectacular as a disappointment for fans of the athletic prowess of Chan).
Filmed almost entirely in English (even so, the voices of certain English -speaking actors are ridiculously nicknamed), Mr. A nice guy alludes to the last transition from Jackie Chan to Hollywood Productions (he made unhappy attempts with The Big Brawl for years1980 and The Protector of 1985); the next in the pipeline is Hour Rush, production of production in the United States with Chris Tucker.
Hopefully this film will only be a simple diversion in Tinseltown, and Chan will continue with exuberant productions of Hong Kong such as Mr. Geny Guy, for its unique charm and its reckless abandonment are sure to be diluted by American hands,Just as they have already been.