Bowfinger is a good film on making a very bad.
The script, written by the co-star Steve Martin, is blurring everything in Hollywood, from science fiction films to cheese with chop-socky combat sequences, and everything in a clever and accomplished way.
Anyone who knows or has had an association with the production of films should take advantage of this intelligent comedy throughout its duration.
The central premise behind the film is inspired and promising.
Bobby Bowfinger (Martin), a big producer in Hollywood, has always dreamed of making a successful film, but has never reached the appropriate tools to do it.
A new script, a story of extraterrestrial invasion entitled Chubby Rain, drew the attention of Bowfinger.
After facing a large producer named Jerry Renfro (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, an agreement is made to finance the film.
But first, Bowfinger must ensure that the star of the renowned action Kit Ramsey (Eddie Murphy) connects to the project.
Kit immediately refuses the offer, but Bowfinger always intends to shoot the film.
After having violated his life savings, the unfortunate producer said to the distribution and the remaining team that Ramsey is involved, then prepares to film the film without the star's knowledge.
The actors face Ramsey in the street, saying that their lines like hidden cameras take a look at the bushes to capture the images.
The unconscious star, which is terrified by the extraterrestrials and kidnapped, is led to believe that there are in fact people of Pod after him.
When the conditions become even more treacherous, Bowfinger is forced to hire a Ramsey Sosie Kit named Jiff (also Murphy), a sweet Dork which takes place for a coffee between the shooting of the vital scenes.
These include trying to suicide on an 8 -way highway, and one of the "hot" scenes involving the support actress, Daisy (Heather Graham) by removing her blouse.
Bowfinger takes its soft time to start, but when the plot passes high speed, great things happen.
Some scenes are so precisely executed and perfectly framed the moments that have absolutely fallen funny.
No, hilarious.
The stars include the pursuit in a parking lot in which Ramsey, which is supposed to be followed, continues to check behind him to investigate a strange tapping noise (it is actually the Bowfinger dog in high heels).
And try not to laugh in the culminating sequence of Kung-Fu, with Jiff in an extract from another Bowfinger classic entitled Fake Purse Ninjas.
Although the 97 whole minutes of Bowfinger are not always on the target, the individual scenes can drive you in the aisles.
The director of a masterful comedy Frank Oz (Dirty Rotten Scourels, in and outside), who has never made a bad film, assures a quality final product and is enormously helped by the sharp script of Martin.
However, the real star on the screen is Eddie Murphy.
This is the best job of the actor since his breakthrough on the Hollywood market in the early 1980s.
Murphy excels at each corner, not only managed to present a credible paranoia in the eyes of Kit Ramsey, but also to create a nice juff.
These three talented comic minds have aroused all the potential pieces of this premise, and the reward is an aid practically guaranteed of generous laughs.
Steve Martin generates power behind Bowfinger, but Murphy feeds it.
It is a summer comedy which, unlike something like American Pie and South Park, does not give any rule.
But it is always just as confused, or perhaps even more exploded as everything we have seen this season.
The support cast, including Christine Baranski as an actress loving work and Jamie Kennedy as a cameraman, performs well within their limits.
The only presence that requires real attention when it is paid next to Martin or Murphy is the beautiful Heather Graham, as a young star of the film who plans to sleep on the top.
grah Am, trying to advance his celebrity after appearing as the daughter of the new Power in AP2, displays a joyful but naive personality which corresponds well to the madness of the scenario.
I would not be surprised buying a ticket for Chubby Rain, but looking at how it all happened is certainly quite entertaining.