It must be a kind of distorted critical nightmare: the best film of the year would be a summer vehicle, a Jim Carrey vehicle.
and that's how .
_The Truman Show_ is the most perplexed, craziest, paranoid and most blunt morality that I don't know.
Do not credit Carrey.
It starts with Andrew Niccol (Gattaca), who created the script ten years ago.
History, filled with religious and philisophic Sublte nuances, concerns a man who discovers that every day of his existence has been televised for a mass audience.
 (Ironically, it was in the past ten years that "reality based" television has become a predominant element in our culture.
Who knew?)
One-Basping Niccol, it is when the unlikely candidate-director Peter Weir took the bar that things have been put in place.
Weir had the almost impossible task to create the inimitable tone, skillfully mixing Capra with Kafka, throwing George Bailey in a universe inhabited by Rod Serling.
It was Weir's first genius to create Seahaven: a suburban paradise / prison that would shame Spielberg.
For example, bystander-extras constantly walking with the flowers with the latest issue of _Dog Fancy_.
The most beautiful contact is the plethora of subtle clues for Truman to leave the island.
Credit Weir for his second stroke: the casting of Carrey.
Carrey seems to be the type of character actor who would always excite "and would act awkward each time the camera is close.
not here .
Its performance is so overthrown that you sometimes wonder if it is aware that the camera is on.
And although Carrey does not deserve an Oscar nomination (just as well, the Academy rarely honors wacky actors, with the exception of Robin Williams), it stretches enough to considerably modify its hyper-stuid image.
Playing one that has the cameras constantly invading its most intimate moments that turn to be quite the role of the life of Jim Carrey.
Without puns.
Better in a smaller and more pivotal role is Ed Harris as Christof, who mixes the right quantity of his Apollo 13 "Work the problem, People" the character with the megaglomane producer of Dustin Hoffman in _wag The Dog_, then only slightlySvengalian.
It is clear that it is torn between Nielson's ratings and Truman's well-being.
Yes, in his wrong way, he loves Truman as the father of a son and provided the best universe he could provide.
he thinks .
Natascha MCELHONE (Mme.
Dalloway) as the real "forbidden love" of Carrey, Sylvia, very effective in another little pivotal role.
Laura Linney (Congo) and Noah Emmerich (Copland) have the unfortunate task of playing the woman and Truman's best friend; their sitcom-ish dialogue allow little room for any authentic character development.
The exception is at the very beginning, where they speak in the camera, believing with all my heart that their participation is really good for Truman and for society in general.
There are other small problems with the script.
Should we assume that the toddler Truman had no memory of hearing the construction of such a gigantic dome during his years of training?
Was there a reason to know why, in a scene, it only liked on Truman, even if he never had?
How do they hire hundreds of extras, and none of them could drive a boat, and yet Truman, fearing water, does not direct an effortless sailboat?
And couldn't Christof have turned off the wind, to shine Truman at sea?
These small devices, however, do not have a candle for the global effect of the work.
The public has the feeling that he looks at the real spectacle, and we are attracted by Truman's banal existence for no other reason than there.
The end result effortlessly combines the happy emotional end of a dominant image with a gnawing discomfort that strikes you in the intestine.
Leaving the theater, I was looking for my eyes In the sky, wondering if it was nothing more than a gigantic dome.
I just check.