Eight years after her release, Disney decided to reissue the theatrical little mermaid for 17 days (and 17 long nights).
By coincidence, it was reintroduced in theaters of the Fox animated film the same day, Anastasia.
You know Disney, they cannot face the threat of another studio that even gets a small piece of the crust of children's entertainment pie, so when someone else wants to earn a little money, they counteract with an old "masterpiece" of our safe and, you know what, I went to see this 1989 cartoon rather than the all-new Fox.
May no one say that Disney loses its monopoly on the market.
They still have hotels on the _And_ Park Place promenade.
Believe it or not, today, on November 25, 1997, at 5: 05 P.M., I saw the little mermaid for the first time.
It took me a few years to overcome an aversion to this film which was caused seven years ago, when I stayed with one of my mother's friends for a few weeks.
They had a young child who was constantly listening to the soundtrack of Little Sirène and, during this two -week period, I heard each song in the film probably a hundred times.
As I got home, I promised to never see the film.
But the promises are made to be broken, especially when you look at a limited engagement of 17 days.
Damn these Disney marketing specialists and their mind games.
The little mermaid is based on a fairy tale Hans Christian Anderson, but it is Disney-Ided, which means many speaking animals and burst into song.
It also means that heroin is a total baby who shows the neckline at any time of a shell bra.
I never wanted to be a pair of shells so much ...
The heroine, of course, is Ariel (Voice of Jodi Benson), a 16 -year -old mermaid that crosses this rebellious phase.
She jumps out her concert to explore a shipwrecked ship and spend time with a seagull that speaks like Buddy Hackett, who tries to orient him towards the mysterious world of humans.
She is also dealing with feelings that she had not had before - which comes when you get scales in places that you have not used to have them - about a beautiful prince (no Disney filmwould not be complete without one).
His father, the King Triton of the Merpeople, strictly prohibits such a lust of the "wild" humans of humans, in a condemnation which is read as an analogy not so subtle on the older parents who prohibit interracial meetings.
However, what is a king?
The girl in love and even the total destruction of her little sanctuary in the human world does not dissuade her.
Ariel saves the prince's life when a hurricane rises and must just meet him.
She agrees with Ursula, the sea witch (Pat Carroll voice).
You know she is bad because she has a huge vabil and one of the worst donkeys in the history of cartoons.
She also has octopus tentacles for the feet (which these Scholl corn pads will not repair) and offers to help Ariel to get out.
She will make her a human for three days if Ariel will abandon her pretty voice; Ariel has three days so that this prince kisses her, otherwise she becomes a slave of the witch forever.
And if she stings her finger on a sewing machine or eat an evil apple, she will fall asleep forever.
It is a simplistic intrigue, yes, but the little mermaid was a revolution in the Disney world, coming after dull efforts such as the black cauldron and the oliver and the company.
He ranks as one of Disney's best cartoons, certainly since the 1950s.
All the elements are there - memorable songs like "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl", animal animals like Sebastian and Foundder, a villain who always has a characterization and a charm, and a good amount ofHumor that is intended for adults as well as adults as well as children.
The little mermaid is worth a ticket on the big screen in 1997, so hurry, you only have five days left.
Serve America for more than 1 / 25th of a century!