Thinking about "Bedazzled", an animated comedy on the devil who seeks to have the soul of a pathetic loser, a sinful thought remains in my mind.
If hell means having to spend an eternity with Elizabeth Hurley (who portrays the fiery demon), use this fork and put my way.
With its sulky lips, its irresistible British accent and its wild display of haute couture, Hurley Craquette with wickedness and fills your spirit of temptation.
It is practically impossible to transform this Beelzu-Babe.
His next target is Elliot (Brendan Fraser), a technological support geek that is clumsy, clumsy and simply too eager to please.
To imagine it well, you should remember a live sketch from Saturday Night with "Steve the Copy Guy" who has irritated his colleagues effortlessly with his non -polished social skills.
Eugene is therefore hated and feared by her colleagues, who do their best to stay away.
However, beyond his boring ways, he is an adorable OAF.
He wants him to get closer to Allison (Frances O'Connor), a colleague with whom he is passionate but who has never noticed him.
However, the chances that he meets with her is almost the same as the luck of a snowball in hell.
 "Dear God," he begs.
 "I would give anything to have this girl in my life."
Guess who presents itself then?
It makes an offer too difficult to refuse.
 "Seven completely fabulous wishes for a little piddling soul."
There is even an escape clause.
If Elliot's wish does not happen exactly as he wants, he only needs "BIP" (a supposition as to the three -digit number) and it starts again.
The rest of the film consists of the various fantasies of Elliot which incorporate his personal desire to have enormous amounts of wealth, power, renown and allison love.
But when he makes radical statements such as "I want to be very, very powerful and very, very rich and married to Allison", he will soon learn that the devil is in detail.
For example, (and we have seen him several times in the trailers), he obtains his wish, but discovers that he is a Lord of the drug Columbian and that Alison, although married to him, has theEyes on someone else.
Apparently, the devil is just as impatient to distort his fantasies as to own his soul.
His other wishes are also found with a strange but funny turn that short-circuit his new life.
Soon Elliot wants him to never conclude this agreement.
Given the mischievous nature of the devil, "Bedazzled" has many fun moments.
A large part of the credit will turn into a great comic performance.
He skillfully assumes various characters.
His funniest segment is when he wants him to be the most sensitive man in the world.
Allison becomes so frustrated by him that she practically exhorts her to enjoy her.
Hurley also increases the humor quotient, especially in the transitional scenes when Fraser awaits to start his next wish after having bombarded the previous one.
It is clear that she has a good time with all of this.
However, while filmmakers work hard to create funny scenes, they avoid developing allegorical foundations between good and evil that could have added more weight to this story.
But it would be playing with fire.
What they have of works, so you can easily accept it for the pleasant little comedy that it is.