It is simply surprising to see how "The Green Mile" developed in its three hours of operation.
Based on the Stephen King series of the same title, the film begins painfully slow, with underdeveloped characters and an idiotic dialogue.
However, while the plot begins to progress, the film turns into pure perfection with exceptional performance and a wonderful direction.
Frank Darabont, who masterfully followed the story of a prisoner in "The Shawshank Redemption", this time follows the prospect of a prison guard, Paul Edgecomb (Tom Hanks).
Through Edgecomb's experiences on a cellular block known as Green Mile where the prisoners of death are waiting and repenting, the public sees good and evil on both sides of the law.
From an evil prison guard to a evil prisoner, "The Green Mile" succeeds in creating sympathy for hard working guards and hard prisoners.
The plot follows Edgecomb and four other guards when they meet a variety of prisoners and after having solid relations with each, are ultimately forced to execute them.
The performance of veterans and newcomers to save these original characters are superb.
The whole acting in the film is perfect.
Hanks, David Morse and Barry Pepper as guards are wonderful and are suitable for their roles.
These are the characters we have the most of it because of their less extreme calm roles.
They are given the positions to make rational decisions at difficult times and they are the ones who meet the requests of the public.
The most unique characters perfectly create friction on the green mile and make the story interesting and exciting.
Certain roles particularly worthy of the unique characters include Doug Hutchinson, Sam Rockwell and Michael Duncan.
Hutchinson, playing Percy Wetmore, a loose guard who hides his real feelings by tormenting the others gives the greatest performance of the film.
Whenever he appears on the screen, the attitude of others is very uncomfortable and the frightening expressions he is capable of creating are indeed terrifying.
It is not surprising that Hutchinson was nominated for an Oscars as a better actor, not only because he did a wonderful job as a Wetmore, but also because he stole all the scene inWhich he was far from the winner of the Oscars, Tom Hanks.
Rockwell, an independent cinema veteran, plays his role as Wild Bill Wharton to perfection.
As a prisoner who taunts and harass the guards at any time, he really puts himself under your skin and irritates you to look at him torture others.
This irritation which he creates makes his performance so credible.
The last notable performance belongs to Duncan, because the huge killer condemned John Coffey who holds the power to heal the patients.
Duncan does a wonderful job by playing a frightened giant, very similar to Lennie Small in of Mice and Men.
His desire for love and the extinction of hatred evokes the most compassion because it is very obvious that he suffers without cause.
His pain creates pain for the spectator.
However, it takes more than an hour for Duncan to be completely introduced into the film.
The film opens onto a current ridiculous adjustment which contains a scene that runs through "The Jerry Springer Show".
The scene, containing an old man complaining about the way all the guests in the series are consanguineous and rednecks.
Not only is this observation entirely useless and moved, but it is also pacinated beyond all beliefs.
While the film returned to 1935, Graham Greene was quickly executed without any introduction.
His death seems very precipitated and without any knowledge of whom he is, the scene is neither sad nor convincing.
Greene did not even give a last word, like some of the other characters, and we do not even see him walking the infamous Mile Vert.
However, while the film begins to specifically present more characters, such as Coffey and Eduard Delacroix (Michael throw) As five prison guards, the film becomes more interesting.
The speed in "The Green Mile" is perfect.
If time was a matter of concern and the film was published at two o'clock, it would have been unsatisfactory because we could not know the characters as they are or as they treat others.
The three -hour race is perfect for the development of the plot and at the end of the film, a large amount of love or hatred is attached to each character.
 "The Green Mile" is so good after the difficult start, that when the pivotal moment at the end comes finally, it is almost impossible not to feel a kind of sadness for each person in this scene.
The fight against tears was a difficult task that I barely managed to do.
If you survive the first third of "The Green Mile", sit down and enjoy the rest for invaluable entertainment.