“We execute tings.
The tings do not run us. '
-Sound advice from Capone (Paul Campbell) to his squaddie (or partner), Floyd (Winston Bell).
Jamaican film, shot completely on video, with a standard cop film plot mixed with a touch of morality of John Woo style fraternity (and a small game of cannons).
Capone, a super Nails cop, recovers a transfer to his birthplace in Kingston after managing to shoot down gangsters who burst into his house (while he was with his lady) and killed his partner in front of him.
When he arrives, he discovers that the ghetto where he grew up has worsened, mainly thanks to the crime boss Wonie (veteran of Jamaican cinema Carl Bradshaw), so named because his left hand was amputated and replaced by a seizure hook).
Capone discovers that Wonie has brought firearms to expense of charitable supplies for churches in the region and, to her great disappointment, also discovers that his childhood friend Ratty (Mark Danvers) helped him.
Torned between doing his job and protecting her best friend, Capone must make difficult decisions to do things again.
Skills skillfully by the first time the Jamaican filmmaker Chris Browne (assistant director of American films such as How Stella recovered his groove and his instinct), we hardly notice that the film was shot in video after a while.
The photos are so effectively managed that they quickly take the nuances of the aforementioned John Woo films, although the action is not as hyperkinetic as most Woo films.
The action scenes are manipulated with a kind of flair and finally begin to take their own life (beyond the Hong Kong films of which they are obviously motivated).
The makeup effects are also particularly good in these scenes, with a work of flawless squib exposed of the effect team.
The cast is superb and listens to their dialogue, spoken with thick Jamaican accents (half of which must be subtitled due to their in-depth use of the slang), simply adds to the interest.
Paul Campbell, as a "loose cannon" Capone, is trying its role perfectly, displaying the right amount of threat and compassion at the right time.
Mark Danvers evokes sympathy as a ratty, the part -time firearound passer who also tries to help the community by building football fields and organizing block holidays to bring people together.
Unfortunately, Carl Bradshaw has the least to do and his character as a boss of the crime seems ineffective (largely because his subordinates seem to run everywhere), but there again, it could be that his character was intended to be represented.
The music of the film is made up of all the songs of Reggae, and the soundtrack was produced by awarded artists at the Grammy Awards, Sly and Robbie (who worked with the Rolling Stones, Maxi Priest, Bob Dylan, James Brown, GraceJones, Herbie Hancock, Bootsy Collins and Carly Simon among others).
The finale credit song, `` We Run Tings '', by the Red Dragon group, is quite decent and perpetuates the theme of the film established very early by the quote which opens this criticism.
Curiously, Desmond Ballentine (who plays the expelled character) is well known as a pioneer in the kingdom of "gangsta" reggae as interpreter Ninjaman, and he does not contribute a single song to the film (which I could see), whois practically unknown here in the United States.
At the time of writing this article, a third of the world was put in a theatrical release limited to the United States, leaving a six-month box-offe-office breaking in Jamaica, where it holds the position as aThe most profitable film of all time (bringing $ 21 million to Jamaica, or around US $ 500,000).
Palm Pictures (the company that released the gap, but entertaining the six -string samurai) is the company that releases the film and considering that their main objective is the DVD market, I can imagine that a disc will be available once the film left theaters.
Chris Blackwell, founder of Palm Pictures, was also involved in the production of another Jamaican Smash at the Box-Office in 1981 entitled Countryman, so I would say that he has a fairly good assessment.
Overall, the third of the world is a fairly entertaining tribute for John Woo's films, Ringo Lam, Tsui Hark and many other Hong Kong directors' action films.
If action movies are your thing and that don't bother you from intermittent subtitles, you can't go wrong with this film.
The performance and the story are solid (if only a little cliché) and the action is tight.
I do not know what the other Jamaican films look like in this country look like, but apparently, the honors of the world are well deserved.