While looking at Rushmore by Wes Anderson, it can be surprising to think that the role of Max Fischer, the anti-hero of the film, was not written with Jason Schwartzman in mind.
The young actor, who made his cinema debut as a 15 -year -old student to the Rushmore Academy exclusivity is so perfect in the role that Landerson has heard some two thousand other starsPotential before discovering Schwarztman.
Schwartzman plays Max, a student who is more interested in his extracurricular activities (such as writing pissed -out pieces like "Serpico" and being president of Rushmore beekeepers) but sees his notes suffering accordingly.
At the edge of being thrown, he dropped out in even warmer water when he falls in love with the first -year teacher Rosemary Cross (Olivia Williams) and enlist the help of Millionaire Herman Blume (Le Grand Bill Murray) to build an aquarium (on the Rushmore baseball field) in his honor.
Unfortunately for all those involved, Blume notes that he also has feelings for Miss Cross, which hinders Max's plans to court it.
Max is one of the best written characters we have seen in the 90s, and Schwartzman played him perfectly in one of the best comedy performances ever given by someone his age.
As everyone has probably already pointed out, he recalls a young Dustin Hoffman (although I remembered Paul from "The Wonder Years", from a visual point of view, at least).
Hopefully if he avoids typical and original solitary types, he should gain a good career himself.
Bill Murray is his equal as a Blume, displaying a depth that we have not yet seen from him.
Although this is not his best performance (this honor goes to Groundhog Day), he is always great here.
Williams has little to do except react to Schwartzman and Murray, but still does a good job.
Rushmore seems to be going a little too long but, although it is not a perfect film, it is a must to define for anyone who wants to see this rarity, an American film which works well without an excessive feeling of sentimentality.
Anderson has created a modern classic with a star who should, with a little luck, reaching even greater success.