Accepting his Oscar as a producer of this year's best winner, Saul Zaentz pointed out that his cut ends.
One could almost say the same of his very precious film.
The screen is rarely so overflowing with images, symbolism, ideas and powerful metaphors, a complex and literate narration, all having an intelligence that invites - even the requests - a constant examination, an acuity of perception andobservation which must in a way give the truth.
In short, the antithesis of all that is Hollywood.
However, this signs surfing is made to serve a rather pale and barely achieved love story whose emotional impact is as dry as a wind from the desert.
Ralph Fiennes is the main character, a victim of amnesiac burn whose progressive return to memory, and in particular the memory of love, is the ostensible objective of the film.
But despite the use of many flashbacks to help bring the pieces of this personal puzzle together, we never learn enough about man to feel a lot of empathy for him.
His emotional life before the start of history is an essential clue that remains selected.
The same can easily be said for all the other characters in the film, of which there are too many.
Juliette Binoche's nurse is as close as possible as this film arrives in an emotional heart.
At least we learn very early on that she is marked by the death of those who are close to her, and we therefore understand why she is impatient to escape the company of her comrades in order to take refuge in the convalescence ofA mysterious, disfigured and dying foreigner.
Even this information is transmitted so quickly and superficially, however, that it checks the comic.
With so many characters enjoying so little screen time, the 160 minutes of the film can be proven.
However, there is something so captivating in sensitivity behind the camera that I couldn't help but feel that the size was in the air.
Clues were everywhere - in a man who hates property but who desperately wants to have his lover; in the old paintings caves of swimmers copied with casualness by a modern swimmer in the Sahara; in the way in which the changing sands of time erase quite more completelythan a world war.
There is enough latent sense to provide students from the cinema for colleges for years for years.
But in the end, the emotional truths that the director-director Anthony Minghella seized has never been revealed.
In the end, I had the impression that I had witnessed an oxymoron: a harsh bore.
The bore may be too strong a word.
But after drinking in the rich production values, the cup is only slightly by half.