The earth is a severe and incessant drama about the moment when India has obtained the independence of Great Britain and the troubles that have followed the subcontinent.
The people who loved the same land and the same God found themselves in a bitter conflict, because the country was divided into factions fighting in the streets: Indian and Pakistani; Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Parse.
The story takes place in Lahore, which was Indian before the score, and Pakistanai later, regardless of what its citizens could be called.
The action is seen through the eyes of Lenny (Maaia Sethna), a young girl dotted, but it is really her nanny, Shanta.
Shanta has a small circle of male admirers.
Two of the men are pretenders: Hasan (Rahul Khanna), a Hindu, and Dil Navaz (Aamir Khan), a Muslim.
The others - Sikh, Hindu, Muslim - are older; some are married; but all appreciate Shanta, who is played by the beautiful Nandita Das agitated.
 (She also played in the previous film by Deepa Mehta, Fire, the first part of a thematic trilogy that will end in water.)
In a first scene, men sit in a park speaking with Shanta and Lenny; political tension in the country increases as independence day.
One of the men notes, jokingly, that their small group is probably one of the last places in the city where different religions can still get along.
He is wrong: men have small barbed wire comments, spoken like jokes, but with an underlying current of fanaticism.
The tenor of these exchanges becomes darker and more bitter as the film progresses.
It is easy to perceive, in these quarrels, the trajectory which ends with mass violence and slaughter.
The group around Shanta represents, in a sense, a united India and Shanta itself the ideal homeland - the one who loves all, who inspires Hindu, Muslim and Sikh to live together.
But the circle around Shanta is distorted, just like the state.
A sikh is persecuted, hides, then fled.
Another man is murdered.
The group of friends will no longer find itself.
The film is plagued by images of breakage and destruction: a broken plate on the ground, a toy in plush torn by an upset child, and, the most brutally, when the tension degenerates into violence, a man is kept, attachedBetween two cars, and torn in half by the opposite movement of vehicles.
It is a visceral and effective metaphor for a country that is just as painfully destroyed.
The knot of the plot of the earth is the transformation suffered by Dil Navaz.
His sisters are killed brutally, by the Hindus because they are Muslims.
Dil Navaz is looking for a comfort of Shanta and asks in despair that she marry him.
But she loves Hasan and tenderly refuses Dil Navaz's offer.
The combination of family anxiety and romantic rejection twists in him, and it is easy to see how he is seduced by the growing mentality of the crowd: the Muslim cause gives him a motif to evacuate his anger and his hatred.
Despite the things he does later, it was to the credit of the earth that he does not simply denounce Dil Navaz and those like him, but shows how the circumstances can make men rather decent make monstrous things.
The conclusion - the consequence of the transformation of Dil Navaz - is rather steep.
The story that the earth tells does not end.
It stops.
It is an appropriate finish: giving us the closure would have conferred, at least to an aesthetic level, a feeling of resolution, of satisfaction.
But there was no resolution for India and Pakistan - they were at war, on a small or large scale, for decades.
Since the personal dramas of the earth reflect the political struggles of a nation, it is just that these dramas have no terminus.
There is no healing to be done, no closure, at no level (despite the unnecessary and nailed end, with a narrative of Lenny's voice as an adult, framing history).
The earth is, in some ways, united Taken film.
He does not reinvent the wheel, rather following the standard model of historical dramas.
But the directing of Deepa Mehta is assured, and the problems it results is deeply.
The Earth does for India, what films like Zhang Yimou's to Live and The Blue Kite by Tian Zhuangzhuang have done for China: they show us the agonies endured by unrealizable people who have had the unluckyness of being caught up andbroken in the crucible of history.
Such films strike me as intrinsically precious, even when they are imperfect.
They can be biased or inaccurate, but they support the weight of human difficulties, which gives them nobility and gravity that other more inventive films often lack.
It should be noted that the three films were prohibited in their country of origin: the events presented may have taken place decades ago, but they still affect a nerve.
The problems solved on earth have a particular emergency in the light of the nuclear attacks which took place last year.
In the near future, India and Pakistan could launch nuclear missiles against each other.
At the time of the tests, I had a certain understanding of the reasons why it could happen; after seeing the earth, I have a much better understanding.