What do you get when you slap a film based on a story of the legendary George Lucas, directed by Virtuoso director Steven Spielberg, and with one of the largest box office stars in the world, Harrison Ford?
You get a good time for hot fogerons, that's what you get !!!
Land: Professor / Archaeologist Indiana Jones propagates to find the mystical arch lost in the alliance for a long time before the Nazis obtained their dirty fingers to him.
The adventures, the snakes, the romance and the action mucho ensue.
Critality: amazing film filled with a non-stop action, cascades in Gogo, an interesting story, superb lines, a solid casting, a catchy musical partition and all the pleasure and the adventurethat you could press in a two -hour thrill ride.
If you don't like this film, then you don't like action movies, final point!
If you are young, you will enjoy his humor, his cool action sequences and his brutal factor.
If you are a little older, you will appreciate the interesting plot, romance and yes, the mountains of the adventure.
Watch this film made me feel again like a child, dream and fantasize to fight the bad guys, travel in different countries, make the impossible, possible!
Harrison Ford is perfect as all men with the brain of a scientist and the muscular of an open -air adventurer, and Spielberg manages to reach the ideal balance of action, pleasure, adventure andhumor.
Now, if you really want to have a good time, consult this film the same evening as its two suites, rent a frozen coke jug, nachos and salsa trucks, an adventure hat and a whip, and prepareYou have to build yourself in Unmonde du paradis of the action film!
Facts little known on this film and its stars: this image was nominated for eight Oscar nominations of 1981, including the best film.
He lost this price against carts of Fire, but managed to win for the best artistic direction, the best special effects, the best montage of films and the best sound.
The actor Tom Selleck was initially interpreted as Indiana Jones, but was engaged in his successful television program, "Magnum p. I".
By turning the Well of Souls sequence, producers have traveled all domestic animals in London and south of England for each snake on which they could get their hands.
There are therefore snakes that can be identified from many different geographic areas.
However, once all the snakes on the set, it has become clear that there was not enough, so Spielberg had several length hoses, and these were also used.
By looking carefully, you can say what are the real snakes and which are not.
A first draft of the script made a trip to Shanghai to recover a piece of the RA.
During his escape from the museum where he was housed, he housed machine gun behind a giant gong.
Also in the same script, Indy and Marion flee the chaos caused by the opening of the ark in a sequence of wild mine.
These two scenes were cut off from the script, but found themselves in the Indiana Jones in 1984 and the Temple of Doom.
This film begins with a photo of a peak in the jungle which recalls the paramount logo Pictures.
The same type of opening is present in its consequences.
Jock's plane at the start of the film has the "OB-CPO" recording number.
This is a reference to Obi-Wan and C-3PO of Star Wars by George Lucas (9. 5/10).
In addition, hieroglyphs in the Soul well include the engravings of R2-D2 and C-3PO.
They can be seen on a post to the right of Indy and Sallah while they remove the ark.
The script originally included a long fight between a swordsman and Indiana with his whip.
As legend does, actor Harrison Ford suffered from diarrhea at the time and asked if the scene could be shortened.
Spielberg said the only way to shorten was so Indy withdrew his weapon and just pulled the guy.
The whole team laughed and that is how it was filmed.
When Indy falls for the first time In the soul well and is face to face with the cobra, you can see the snake reflection on the glass dividing it and Harrison Ford, also fingerprints and stuff like that.
When Indy drags along the ground, hanging on the Nazi soldier's truck with the ark inside, you can see the cushion on which it is dragged.