Steven Spielberg's second epic film on the Second World War is an undisputed masterpiece of the film.
Spielberg, still the film student, managed to resuscitate the kind of war by producing one of his most grumpy and powerful entries.
He also managed to launch the greatest response of that time to Jimmy Stewart, Tom Hanks, who offers a performance that is nothing less than an amazing miracle.
For about 160 over its 170 minutes, "Saving Private Ryan" is flawless.
literally .
The plot is quite simple.
After the epic invasion of D -Day (whose sequences are simply spectacular), the captain.John Miller (Hanks) and his team are forced to seek a PVT.
James Ryan (Damon), whose brothers all died in combat.
Once they have found it, they have to bring him back for an immediate outing so that he can go home.
The Miller support is his crew, played with an amazing perfection by a group of character actors who are simply sensational.
Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Davies and Burns are the team sent to find a man and bring him home.
The battle sequences that tighten the film are extraordinary.
literally .
There is nothing in the film that has ever been recorded that will prepare you to attack terrorizing violence in the first 20 minutes of the film.
Spielberg films almost the whole film without music, leaving the characters to generate emotions, and they do it to perfection.
The sequences in France, all, starting with the battle and ending with the battle, are fabulous, in particular the dialogues between men while they cross the hills and the countryside, trying to save the private Ryan.
I cannot use words to describe the real horror and the power of these sequences.
This is what Coppola was looking for in "Apocalypse Now", but could not create.
The pure horror of these sequences condemns war.
The performance of Hanks as a chief of this gang is also extraordinary.
He is the head and shoulders above the rest of the actors of the world, with his comic timing, a dramatic flair, his quiet emotion which arouses an entire nation in tears.
Hanks is the best actor in this country, and he proves it here.
However, Spielberg almost destroys his own masterpiece.
With a chance to make it one of the greatest films of all time, Spielberg creates 10 minutes of purely worthless film.
The sequence involving the head of the army George Marshall and Mrs.ryan is decent, but does not resist the rest of the film, relying on clichés in wartime to feed it.
But it's forgivable.
Which is not the film's livresses, the sequences in the cemetery.
The first is quite good, a decent introduction in the lives of these men.
The last sequence is excruciating.
Forced emotion, accompanied by a ridiculous piece of music, is simply horrible compared to the rest of the magic film.
These faults are what retrograde "Ryan" of the greatest film of our time, to the greatest war film of our time.
Spielberg should have trusted his own equipment, and he should have trusted Hanks to deliver the most scary line in the film, to end his masterpiece.
The use of the flag, although patriotic, contrasts with the theme of the film.
The power of most of the film, however, is amazing.
Spielberg really made a wonderful work of art, which persists even after the first vision of the film, is extraordinary.
This is the film of the year.