The question of the tradition of stimulating morality is the subject directly at the heart of "Leila", a powerfully articulated and subtle drama of the famous Iranian director Dariush Mehrjui, which is his first film in a prosperous career of thirty years to win U.S. Distribution,thanks to the first race features.
Although little familiar with the previous staging efforts of Mehrjui, the reason may be that, although the difficult situation is undoubtedly exclusive to its own country, the heartbreaking and only truthful emotions of the characters can easily beincluded by all viewers.
Located in modern Iran, "Leila" begins the day of the anniversary of the title character (Leila Hatami), after a brief prologue in which we are shown the first meeting between Leila and her future husband, Reza (Ali Mosaffa).
While Leila and Reza left to visit her parents, then hers, where a birthday celebration was planned, things seem pink for the couple outside, but for Leila, life is not asgentle.
Earlier, the same day, Leila had gone to see her doctor and finally discovered that she was very unlikely to design a child.
When all the conditions are excluded and Leila transmits the possibility of adoption, Reza tells him firmly and with love that he married her and does not care at all to have children.
Nevertheless, Leila is ashamed that she can never give her a baby, who is the societal norm, and her self-esteem is not at all helped by her dominating mother-in-law (Jamileh Sheikhi), whose hope ofPorters the sacred surname, disappears once hearing the news (Reza is his only son).
Explaining without surely to Leila that Reza has always wished for children and, in a country where polygamy is an accepted tradition, she suggests taking a second woman to support a child.
Leila is hesitantly agreed, and even if she and Reza can laugh much after the inadequacies of women full of hope, Reza finally meets a woman whom he claims to love, even if he refuses to undergo marriage if Leiladid not give a full blessing.
There are no easy answers to find in "Leila", a film that examines the unfortunate fate of the central character, as well as the inner functioning of Leila herself, told by the narration in terms of fact.
Almost completely taken up by her own shame, she has no choice but to accept the requests of her mother-in-law, even if she is not sure of the way she will react if Reza really ends up marrying aother woman.
Perhaps because "Leila" is from Iran, the film will undoubtedly be shocking for the American public, because the concept of polygamy is considered by the characters as a more or less daily event.
Leila, however, is unable to reconcile with the just as easily idea, but believes that it is her duty to make her husband happy, whatever the circumstances.
One of the strongest aspects of the film is in its representation of the relationship between Leila and Reza, who were only married three months after their first meeting, but obviously love each other very deep.
It is this relationship which is the key ingredient to make the following the opening scenes all the more powerful, and the director Mehrjui has succeeded almost possible.
Although apparently unimportant at first glance, an early sequence where Leila and Reza are dinner and laughs, almost uncontrollable, is in fact one of the most vital moments of the first half, because it undoubtedly fixes the border of their not required loveFor another.
Ditto for another scene in which Reza gives Leila a large plush animal for her birthday, then reveals a beautiful necklace that he also obtained.
These "small" moments are the perfect contrast to the solemn sequences and scandalized in the second half, in which Reza drops the Eila next to a busy road, then zoom in to go to an appointment with another woman.
Left there to think about her wedding quickly decreasing, stupidly without Reza's knowledge, Leila prays whenever the date does not go well, so she can keep her husband for her a little longer.
By refusing to stay with her parents, the film inevitably leads to the second night of marriage between Reza and another woman, and in a sequence of extraordinary sadness and power, Leila finds that everything is emotionally torn apart, while she is closedInside, Leilaune chamber upstairs while the wedding procedure takes place at the bottom.
Despite her initial agreement to such a thing, Leila realizes how much she was betrayed by Reza, whom she believed to take care of her as much as she did.
Of course, the whole second marriage was the idea of his mother, but if he really believed what he had initially told him not to want children, so he could still have retreated, could he not?
In the central role of Leila, who appears in each scene, Leila Hatami is simply remarkable, injecting her character with an equal measure of surprising force, inevitable vulnerability and total despair.
Unlike most American films, in which everything must always be exposed to the public, Hatami says much more with an elusive expression on his face than what could have been transmitted by words.
Any perfect match for Hatami is Ali Mosaffa, like Reza, a man who, I believe, has an unbreakable link with his wife, but who is too naive to realize what he will do in Leila if he marries someoneother.
For all its strong aspects, "Leila" is not a perfect film.
On the technical level, I found many errors of pumice and flagrant spelling within the subtitles which must be corrected.
And concerning the developments of the plot, the last five minutes are false compared to everything that has come before.
Mehrjui's decision to use an extremely stylized approach to the end was the wrong choice, especially in his almost comical way of finishing the character of the malicious mother-in-law, played in a memorable way by Jamileh Sheikhi.
Despite these minor missteps, "Leila" is an important film which should certainly be wanted when it was released on May 16 at the Cinema village in New York, then May 21 in Los Angeles.
The questions which arouse the reflection with which the film deals is balanced uniformly with its uncomfortable morals, and when the culmination arrives, the self -esteem of Leila is surprisingly deactivated to reveal a victim conducted to a complete devastation,to which there is no return.
It is difficult not to consider how Leila's culminating inner disappearance could have been so simply avoided, if the other characters had taken a second from their own selfish life to consider what Leila, the major pawn of the unforgivable scheme, lived.