It is a passion included and a calm included.
Bud White enters the house of Lynn Bracken, a prostitute "Cut to look like Lake Veronica".
He is one of the L. Un. The best investigation into the murder of his colleague cop, and one of the tracks takes him to her home.
It is understood that he is a quiet thunder, a guy who is the calm voice is more powerful than his arms.
It is understood that she is supposed to be beautiful, but under her face is the pain and the scratched lines which say that her life could have been so much more.
You know without having said.
 "You are the first guy who didn't tell me that I looked like Lake Veronicca in less than a minute," she said.
 "You seem ten times better."
He says it without thinking.
As he knows without her having to say anything.
White's face does not turn, it does not blush.
You see his eyes and you think it.
It's a perfect moment in an almost perfect film.
L. Un .confidentiel is the best film of the year.
It is grace and poetry; a work rich in layers of pure entertainment.
It is a portrait of the police and morality because it works through characters who are so real on the screen that you believe that they could have a soul.
In a sentence, that's all.
It's funny, it's exciting, has enough action and adventure and mystery and grace and suspense.
It is the ultimate in a film, a complete work, a flawless film.
It is difficult to tell you about the intrigue, because it is much more than the intrigue.
In addition, there is too much to describe.
Of course, it is police and corruption research and who fights for the right reasons and the definition of justice.
But this is also what you feel when you look in the eyes of the characters in the film.
The director Curtis Hanson has perfectly framed each character, allowing you to see them, enracing for them for a moment, by doubting the next.
The actors work with their lines, but in this film, their most important weapon is their eyes.
You can say what each person simply feels looking in the eyes for a moment.
Russell Crowe plays Bud White, a muscle cop with a beef for women's drummers.
His movements are fierce.
When it strikes, you jump, when it is calm, you know it will not be long.
Its intensity overflows from the screen.
You follow his character through the film that is afraid of him, but in sympathy of him, because you know how good his heart is.
He is looking for a way to resolve crimes, you never know how he will do it.
His counter is Ed Exley, played with a Chisseld face by Guy Pierce.
You feel for him, for his character, because of all the cops of the film, he is the one who really tries to do the right thing by going through the book.
You know that he has to face the reality of the breakdown of the book, and you like the way it gets there.
I saw L.confidentiel twice, immediately after the end, I wanted to press the rewind button and look at it again.
I didn't want the theatrical experience to end.
It's been a long time since I have experienced a film, feeling as if I had something after my departure.
This is why I like films; Great can be too rich and powerful to describe.
Watch L. Un .confidentiel: After leaving the theater, you feel like watching a classic film.
This is why the Confidential is the best film of the year.
L. Un .confidentiel (produced by Curtis Hanson.
With Russell Crowe, Guy Pierce, Kevin Spacey, James Cromwell and Kim Basinger.