Nudity without compromise has triggered all the intimacy of Petrice Chereau has already aroused great notoriety, but it is in the naked faces of intrepid actors Mark Rylance (angels and insects) and Kerry Fox (Welcome to Sarajevo) that the pain tenderemotional resonance is discovered.
With clear and intelligent eyes that reflect experience and maturity, Rylance and Fox are refreshing and detached from the false glamor of Hollywood idols.
Their sex scenes come together in their raw honesty, in the acceptance of flesh and disorder.
The clever observations of the behavior are less apparent, but no less remarkable, the clever observations of the behavior revealed through these carnal rhythms of haste and hesitation, often without a single line of dialogue.
Not targeting the spiritual poetry of in the field of senses or the philosophical transgressions of the accident, Chereau maintains his sexual odyssey firmly founded in terms of development of a simple character.
This is perhaps the very reason why intimacy seems infallibly impressive but never particularly significant at more than a tactile and sensory level.
The themes of human isolation are sterile and obvious, a scientific project devoid of any particularly revolutionary hypothesis.
The intimacy manages to stand out from the lower portraits of "human interconnection" and to search Pinter-Esque through psychological dirty drawers (okay, kill me).
Even if it may seem, it is surprising to see how full is filled through an inspired cast, a perceptive camera work and imaginative ways to treat the love scene.
These ingredients are too assured and confident to simply reject like a icing on the cake, especially since they are the substance of the cake itself.
Adapted from a pair of news from the British novelist Hanif Kureishi, intimacy desperately weaves to make love between two foreigners in London.
Every Wednesday, Jay (Rylance) and Claire (Fox) meet in his congested and Dank apartment for an hour or two of sexual liberation of their life without inspiration.
He has been a chief bartender in a chic restaurant for over six years.
She is a mystery for him, but his appearance of glum workaday reveals a similar dissatisfaction.
They are both married, but his relationship has curled up in a embittered separation.
While the weeks rely, Jay obsessively takes him to discover Claire's personal routines.
In his attempt to win a more complete semblance of whom she is, he opens injuries that had not existed before by corrupting the fantasy alone.
If these were not a few unnecessary sub -intrigues involving Jay's brother and his multitude of dissatisfied colleagues, this minimalist premise could be described as a modern fable on the dangers of the realization of wishes.
The agitated camera of Chareau (once again handled by the superb and always more appropriate, Eric Gautier) is less appropriate here than in his family transit, those who love me can take the train.
The scenes that persist are the little ones where Rylance and Fox separately try to continue their fortune household routines.
These are often captured in large persistent and without air conditioning plans which consider them blocked in the middle of their workplaces and their dull houses.
The separation turns out to be obsessive in a melancholic series of intermediaries while Rylance and Fox undress on the opposite sides of the room, crawling on the ground to meet in the center.
Despite being as agitated as a fly during the hyperactive restaurant scenes (to better blend with a jostled crowd of gabby trend fishermen), you would find it difficult to find a single image without interest.
The intimacy is interested in its sordid world of the lower middle class, with solitary pubs and animated shopping streets - it also includes people who live these spaces, looking at them with scratched sympathy.
An assessment would be incomplete without highlighting Timothy's great spall (the robust stage thief of many collaboration by Mike Leigh).
Like Husban Cocu of Claire D, this jocular heavy goods vehicle plays its handful of scenes of bitter pills with the unrefitted threat and the self-effoced embarrassment of its imposing mass.
Fringes in his eyes, his mouth forming in sizza mounds and dry smiles, he may seem mad in his bar encounters in front of a sarcastic and sparkling Mark Rylance (which Jay arrived on the stage seeking to arousetrouble), but Spall is is with whom does not.
His best excessive buddy attitude suggests a spirit in effervescence with secret passages of cunning, his sharp questions only na?
In its unpretentious way, the carefully engraved interpretation of Spall, of hostility buried under a mountain of surface convenience, could become one of the most underestimated performances of the year, but perhaps also'one of the best.
It is so good.