I remember seeing the trailer of the black cauldron on the Pinocchio video.
It really scared me and I didn't want to go see him.
However, after hearing how wonderful it was, I wanted to see it.
I haven't had the chance to do so so far.
The film, the 25th Animation feature of Disney, opens on a plan threatening with a large black cauldron not cast by the mist while a narrator begins to tell the story: a long time ago in the countryFrom Prydain, there was such a bad king, that his mind was captured in the cauldron.
It has been hidden for centuries, and the one who owns it will have the power to evoke an army of warriors without death, and with them to govern the world? And destroy it.
Then we meet a farmer-Wizard, Dallben, and his young apprentice, Taran.
Taran dreams of being a warrior instead of being a "pig" (they have a pig named Hen-Wen).
One day, when he gives Hen Wen a nice hot bath, the pig goes crazy, and Dallben then realizes, after looking at Hen Wen's thoughts through a bucket of water, that Taran must hide the henWen in the forest.
A bad sovereign known as Horned King is looking for the black cauldron, and only Hen Wen has the power to show his location.
Taran leads Hen Wen in the forest, but of course, he loses her and tries to go find her.
Along the way, he meets a little mischievous creature called Gurgi, who wants to "nibble and bite", to his big dismay (in addition, he stole an apple that Taran was trying to use to bring Hen Wen).
When he hears Hen Wen Cris from afar, however, he rushes towards his help? Only to see her be kidnapped by Gwythants of Dragon.
Taran continues the gwythants and finds himself looking at the king's castle in horns from afar.
Taran climbs the walls of the castle and goes into the castle, where he tries to save Hen Wen.
He manages to do it, but he is himself captured and thrown into the dungeon.
There, he meets Princess Eilonwy (and his magic ball, another thing that the horned king hoped to use to find the cauldron), and the two escape through the walls of the deep castle.
Along the way, Taran finds a sword in a funeral room, and they save a comic strip named Fflewdurr Flamm, which has a harp whose strings break each time it tells a lie.
The three manage to escape the king's castle with horns, but not before Taran realizes only his sword is magical.
As they rest in the forest, Gurgi reappears, saying that they have found Hen Wen's path.
He leads Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewdurr, through "pork tracks", to a whirlwind.
Suddenly, they are all sucked in and they meet fairfolk in the shape of a fairy.
Taran finds Hen Wen and informed that the black cauldron is hidden in the country of Morva.
He then conceived a crazy idea that if they could destroy the cauldron, this would prevent the king from horns from destroying their world.
With the help of a grumpy fairy named Doli, the four travelers manage to find themselves in a mysterious chalet.
It turns out that it is not an ordinary chalet; three comic witches live the place.
When Taran tells them that they are looking for the black cauldron, they agree to let it have it? In exchange for his sword.
Taran agrees, at the horror of Eilonwy, but at least they get the black cauldron.
But? The cauldron cannot be destroyed, only its evil powers can be stopped.
The only way to do it is a living being to climb it with your own free will? Never come back alive.
Things take a tour for the worst when the King's henchmen in horns capture Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewdurr, as well as the black cauldron, and bring them back to the castle.
Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewdurr look with horror while the horned king unleashes the supernatural powers of the cauldron to remove his army of warriors without death (this is the most horrible scene in the film, because here, a dead army comes to life?).
Just when all see Ms. Lost, however, Gurgi reappears and saves Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewdurr.
Taran is about to jump into the black cauldron, but Gurgi stops him, not wanting him to throw his life.
Gurgi then jumps into the black cauldron and the deathless Warriors decompose.
Taran is trying to find a way to save Gurgi, but he is forced to fight against the horned king.
He launched the king's king, who is then magically sucked in the black cauldron, where his powers immediately destroy him.
Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewdurr manage to escape from the king's castle to horns just as he self-destructive.
The witches then reappear and try to remove the black cauldron now useless, but Fflewdurr stops them, saying that they "never give anything, they negotiate".
In response to this, witches offer Taran his sword to Taran, but Taran has a new job rather: the cauldron for Gurgi.
The trade is carried out; the apparently lifeless body of Gurgi reappears in front of the group of the broken heart.
While Taran cradles him in his arms, Gurgi Remut is not dead after all!
The happy group then returns home, where Hen Wen (brought home by fairfolk once the dangers have passed), Dallben and even Doli, await their triumphant return.
As spectacular as it may seem, the black cauldron has really suffered a lot in its past times.
Before Ron Miller was dismissed from his post as president of Walt Disney Productions, he bought a novel by Lloyd Alexander called The Black Cauldron, a story of sword and witchcraft for the studio.
Bringing this book to the screen was the most beautiful dream of the studio.
Miller, who is entitled to the executive producer, promised that they would do it after having proven himself on other projects.
When Micheal Eisner and his leaders arrived at Disney Animation Studio, the animators had trouble finishing the black cauldron.
At that time, things had become really rocky for the animation department.
Many old people from the studio were withdrawn or died.
Consequently, the animators had trouble making this film.
Originally budgeted at 25 million dollars, the costs raised to $ 40 million due to constant changes on everything? And when it was finally published on June 24, 1985, the Black Cauldron was welcomed by praisingCritics of certain criticisms, but in a way the film collapsed.
The film was classified PG and the film, although `` Disneyfied '' by Lloyd Alexander's Chronicles of Prydain (which this film is based on), was much more scary and darker than the other previous efforts of Disney, such asThe rescuers and the fox and the dog, that is probably why so many people considered it too scary and moved away from it.
In addition, other criticisms have rejected him for having "no heart" and "unshakable", compared to other animated Disney features.
But whatever the real reason, the black cauldron was a financial disaster, making only $ 21 million.
The film's failure founded the studio animation department and exiled the animation team to annex the buildings to Glendale, and it seemed that animated features would no longer be part of the studio's reputation.
The next two animated Disney characteristics, The Great Mouse Detective and Oliver and Company, although a little lighter than the black cauldron, did not do much better (although Oliver and the company have reported much more thanThe Black Cauldron and the Great Mouse Detective).
It was only with the small mermaid that the studio has regained its reputation for successful animated features.
As for the black cauldron, it was re -assembled in certain cities for a temporary period under the title Taran and the Magic Cauldron.
Finally, the studio locked the film in the film film and denied that it even released.
Because of all this, you might ask yourself, was the black cauldron really such a bad movie?
The people who had seen the film did not think it.
In fact, many people had called S to Buena Vista Home Video asking for the film, but of course, they denied it.
For a while, it seemed that the black cauldron would never be released on video? Until September 1997, Disney released black cauldron in video in the United Kingdom.
Few people imported the video of England and converted to NTSC (including me) and for those who had not yet seen the film (I am included here), they had a treat.
But people who had Bootleg's copies of the black cauldron have noticed that in the scene where the king in horns raises his army of warriors without death, about 12 seconds of skeletons with a macabre appearance were slightly cut so that the film obtains aNote U (in the United Kingdom, the notation U means universal: adapted to all ages, a bit like their own version of G).
Somewhere online, a team of Cauldron fans of Dreward The Black signed a petition that said: "Bring back the black cauldron! ', And because of this, Disney finally decided to publish the video in the United States.
Before that time, online rumors had been made according to which the video was cut, like the British video, so that it obtains a G coast and that they would add songs.
These rumors were implemented when the Walt Disney Company announced that the Black Cauldron * would be * published in its PG classified version.
Even when he was finally released in the United States, a reaction was mixed.
Some estimated that it was indeed cut, but some thought it was not the case.
But these where only minor criticisms which seemed to be laughable, because a film absent for thirteen years was finally available.
As for me, when I saw the film for the first time (on the NTSC converted video), I did not expect much at all.
In fact, I had heard so many mediocre things about this that I did not think that the film would never be such a good film.
To my surprise, when I saw the first minutes of the film, I wondered: "Is it the same film as everyone saw?
Whoever failed the box office?
The one that criticism and moviegoers called "A Bad Movie"?
It doesn't seem to be all the above.
Instead, it is a classic in its own right.
The film has a wonderful distribution of characters.
There is Taran (Grant Bardsley), an assistant pork goalkeeper who prefers to be a warrior that a pork-guardian, the hero of history.
The criticisms said that Taran was not at all nice, but the reverse is true.
He is courageous, loyal and ended up learning a lesson on friendship later.
There is a nice character here!
Not that he is the only friendly character in the film.
There is Gurgi (John Biner), an adorable little thing, uh, which remains faithful to Taran, even if they do not completely strike him at the beginning.
But another sympathetic character is the bad guy of bad guys, a dwarf named Creem (Phil Fondacairo), who is faithful to the imaginative and sinister villain of the film, The Horned King (expressed horribly by John Hurt), but he also fears his neck.
The other characters, including the acolytes, a courageous and sweet princess called Eilonwy and the Bard Fflewdurr Flamm, and three comical witches that hide a dark secret, although pleasant and friendly, are not as well rounded as they should'be.
The story itself is adventurous, a quest involving the mystical pig, Hen Wen, the black cauldron itself, and an army of fixed assets with everything: an opening of hanging on a spectacular finish.
Elmer Bernstein's music also tells the story perfectly, in a dark but soothing way.
The animation itself is surprisingly good since this film was created at the darkest time in the studios.
Even if there are occasional effects that are not entirely good, like the opening of the soil when the black cauldron comes out of the earth, the animation overall is of first order.
Overall? This film is an entertaining company.
Unknown fans at the Lloyd Alexander Chronicles of Prydain Wil I take a kick from it, except young children.
There are extremely frightening scenes which are darker than the other Disney films (although some consider the Stampede sequence of the Lion King and Frollo observing Esmeralda in the fires of hell in the hunchback of Notre-Dame are just as scary), which is the principal for which this film is classified PG.
Familiar fans of the Lloyd Alexander series will recognize the differences between the novel and the film.
Even if he does not have all the ingredients of a real Disney film, this film is a classic in its own right and deserves a much better chance than what was given.
This best chance has finally come.
Whatever the reason why the black cauldron was such a big failure seems to have disappeared, and the film finally made its place among the most proud achievements of Disney.
I can't help but think, whatever he would have passed if the black cauldron * was * a box office success?