The Rocky Horror Picture Show 'Special Edition' (1975)
With: Tim Curry and Susan Sarandon
Cult films are never common.
The occasional spectator of a cult film will watch him and will be pushed and confused, shouting "What is it? '.
Fans of these kinds of films will make fun of all the other seconds of all the hidden jokes '', they missed the first time while normal cinema observers will look at them as if they were crazy.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show, recently reissued in a "special edition" in video, is the mother of all cult films.
period .
Like some other cult films, including the small horrors store, the Rocky Horror Picture Show is a musical with a twisted edge.
This film begins quite innocently - a couple gets engaged at a friend's wedding and obtains a flat tire in the middle of the night while it rains.
They go to a castle to try to use the phone.
They do not know that the castle belongs to Dr.Frank N.Furter, a crazy transvestite scientist who recently created a creature that he will use for personal reasons.
The game is quite good overall.
Tim Curry (Home Alone 2, Legend) is exaggerated as Frank N.Furère.
It is interesting to see that this film was one of the first films of the future winner of the Oscars Susan Sarandon (Dead Man Walking) - She plays Janet, the girlfriend of Brad Majors.
Even the singer's meat bread is inside !!
The songs are all very good but twisted in their own way.
A sample of titles goes from Damn It, Janet to Touch-A Touch-A Touch me.
All the actors sing their songs without doubled other actors - a kind of bad thing.
Barry Bostwick (Brad Majors) is trying to sing, just like Susan Sarandon, but Tim Curry is clearly the most professional having an experience on stage.
Meat bread sings like meat bread.
The new special edition contains two original bands from the film as well as two songs deleted from the original version.
Unfortunately, the songs are closed after the credits - in a way defeated the goal.
If you want to see a different film, watch this one !!