Copyright 1996 Graeme Huggan Carry on Henry is all around Henry VIII and his eight women!
Sid James embodies Henry, who, barely the film, started, is getting rid of his current queen and hopes to find another soon.
As part of his alliance with France, he asked for the hand in marriage to the Queen of Normandy (Joan Sims).
She comes to England in the hope of marrying Henry, but when he discovers that she loves garlic and has a breathtaking breath, he is totally opposed to the idea of marriage.
The Henry court is very corrupt, the cardinal (Terry Scott) trying to bring Cromwell (Kenneth Williams) and Cromwell trying to bribe the king.
There is a state of crisis when the king puts Marie The Queen (Sims) in the London tower ready to execute.
The queen is pregnant, but she was not struck with the king before, so the fingers are pointed out on Sir Roger de Lodgerley played by Charles Hawtrey, who has a rather lescent character to play this time.
Cardinal and Cromwell decide to obtain a signed confession of Sir Roger using all kinds of torture devices!
Due to the circumstances, Sir Roger is sometimes necessary to sign that he is the father and sometimes that he is not.
This is due to the renewed threats of the King of France (Peter Gilmore) to come to himself, which he does in the end.
At that time, Henry found himself a new queen, played by none other than Barbara Windsor!
It looks like he has explanations to do!
There are remarkable performances by Sid James like Henry, Joan Sims like Marie and Terry Scott in an unusual role as a cardinal.
There are also cameos of Kenneth Connor and Peter Butterworth, who plays Barbara's father.
The set of costumes are first -class and the overall production of this film is good.
There is even an early appearance of David Prowse, who later became the Green Man of Cross Code and Dark Vader.
The film has its drawbacks, however, because it becomes routine enough for the hand luggage team to stage historical films and the inventive sequence of the script seems to be running fairly quickly.
There is also the absence of Hattie Jacques and Bernard Bresslaw, who could have helped the film.
However, overall, the film is funny and there are a lot of laughing laughs and jokes, which is why I mainly recommend it to continue the fans, but there is enough humor in the film to make thatBe worth sitting and watching.