David Mamet has long been my favorite screenwriter and director.
With its distinctive dialogue, most often ingenious, and its relaxed style of direction, almost all of its films are absolutely irresistible.
Some of them tend to be misleading productions in thick layers which require the public watching the film in a less superficial way than the intrigue seems to require to discern its concealed message, or sometimes even a concealed scenario.
And although the real intrigue of his new project, the boy of Winslow, is slightly more visible than in some of his other efforts, it is always a brilliantly complex film, fascinating of honor, sacrifice andThe difference between what is commonly known as justice and what is good.
Oh, and it's evaluated g.
By the way, it is the first time that Mamet has decided to adapt someone else's work; namely a play of Terrence Rattigan, which takes place in the 19th century.
He throws Nigel Hawthorne in the main role that Arthur Winslow, a rich and aging man who discovers that his 14 -year -old son Ronnie was expelled from the Naval Academy for having allegedly stolen a postal note of 5 shilling.
 "You did it?"He asks his boy.
 "No father, I didn't do it," replied Ronnie.
This is enough for Arthur, who, with his eldest daughter (Rebecca Pidgeon), immediately begins a crusade to bring the file of her son to the courts.
They approve the help of Sir Robert Morton, a notorious lawyer to help them perform this tremendously intimidating task.
Everything seems fairly frivolous, and no matter how you look at it, the Winslow affair is not the trial of the century.
But Arthur is determined to keep his family and his own family and he is ready to go far enough to make sure.
Soon, Sir Robert Morton with the rest of the country is also wrapped in the procedure.
U.S. too .
Everything David Mamet does for the script is to tighten and improve the dialogue, but his style is always quite apparent.
The characters always speak in its brand staccatto lines and there are still tensions present in the conversations that no ordinary writer would be able to make time.
But it is not the norm of Mamet, and it is refreshing to see Mamet deviating from his world of crooks, gangsters like men, that these films were.
Nigel Hawthorne's performance is almost impeccable.
His delivery is that of a worthy but not pompous man who seems to be beaten in his own game.
We have mercy on man, but we love him too.
Rebecca Pidgeon, the wife of David Mamet, who gave a fairly horrible performance in the Spanish prisoner is at the top of her game here as the oldest girl in Arthur, an agitated feminist who gives her everythingWinslow as a means of compensating for its lack of success in the movement of suffrage of women.
The Winslow boy is a wonderful film that avoids clichés such as a scene from the apparently inevitable audience room and draws higher - he wants to have a real impact rather than a false.
Be honest: did you feel something deep in or after the audience hall scenes in movies like a moment to kill?
If you wanted it but no, it's a film for you.
It is the quintessence of subtlety: it is powerful without being too emotional, sad without even trying to be depressing.
David Mamet can produce large scripts, but in this film, he proves to those who doubted it once and for all, he is also a hell a director.
It is almost a national treasure.
His films deserve their own genre.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;