frequency n.,
The number of times a specified phenomenon occurs in a specified interval as the number of repetitions of a complete sequence of values of a periodic function by unit variation of an independent variable? Etc.
Don't worry .
When you look at the thriller frequency, you will not have to know what the frequency of devil means.
The premise, although it may seem complex, is very basic on the big screen.
A New York cop, John, (Jim Caviezel) finds a radio in his house, which allows him to communicate with his father as a firefighter in New York, Frank, (Dennis Quaid) who died thirty years ago.
Immediately, John warns his father that he will die by trying to stop a fire in an abandoned warehouse.
When Frank takes advice and survives the accident he was not supposed to, the two finally realizes that by changing this moment in the past, they have created a brand new future in which a serial killer assassinates the motherof John and nine other women.
It is now up to John and Frank to use their special connection and save thirty years ago to make the present time a better place.
 (I told you it was not confusing?).
Overall, I was very satisfied with the frequency.
These are occasional Sappy moments perfectly synchronized with its scenes of suspensive serial killers.
I generally do not buy these cheesy segments "I love you dad" in the films, but this one surprised me.
Perhaps because the intrigue is so creative and universal that I thought it was how most people would act when they speak to a dead parent.
The frightening premise of the frequency let me think once the film is finished, and if?
What would I do ?
Would I help my own family or save a historic silhouette to be murdered?
Or prevent some children from shooting other children?
Or buy stocks from Yahoo!?
 (A character in the film makes him with humorous consequences).
The frequency also reminded me of the fantastic return to the future.
The two share this "slightly change the past, and you will change the warning a lot".
The changes between the present and the past, such as different newspaper titles or the people who disappear and reappear on the photographs, are very similar.
The two are also wonderful family well-being films that can attract a number of generations.
The only difference to note is that the final scene of Frequency does not set up a possibility for a lucrative suite already in manufacturing.
However, there are some problems with the film.
First, there is a major defect in the story towards the end which is somewhat distracting (write to me if you have seen the film and want to know what I think it is).
The intrigue must have confused even the filmmakers who are often (without punches) from 1969 to 1999 while telling the story.
Another problem is that the support distribution, including Noah Emmerich and Andre Braugher, is underused.
While in the film, which is not enough, the aforementioned actors fly each scene in which they are.
The frequency was a pleasant surprise for me and the public with whom I saw it who applauded at the end.
Even if you know what will happen or if you think that the preview ruined the film for you, as it almost did for me, see this film.
You can also be surprised.