After hearing criticisms for the film Upteenth film by Woody Allen in history, "Celebrity", varies from terribly boring to immediately, my heart got up when the images of opening of the film looked closely to that of "Manhattan", My personal favorite of my personal favorite of all time.
Woody Allen's films almost never count on the visual flair on a textual flair, so when one of his films looks closely at the only time these two entities adapt hand in hand ("Manhattan" is really the'One of the best films I have seen, beautiful black and white photograph of the best areas in the city, etc.), a fan cannot help but feel visibly moved.
The film opens, with the usual credits with an ordinary white font on black backgrounds, and an old ironic standard playing on the soundtrack.
Beethoven's 5th explosion on the soundtrack.
The city seems to stop to take note of this moment, and it is rather pleasant to look at.
And then we cut in a shooting team, pulling this as the hilarious key moment of the film in the film, where the main actress of the film (Melanie Griffith, having also looked with and beautiful) must realize that something does notDon't go with his life Oupeu matters.
It is a terribly stunned scene for a Woody Allen film, with the big opening blows or without, and my heart has flowed and I quickly got used to the fact that once, a new film was not going to beAs large as his past the works (however, for the record, "deconstructing Harry" from last year, ended terribly).
What happened to him?
The man who could formerly rely on neurotic freshness in the cinema has not become less funny, but his films have become less insightful and more as if he threw them by unfinished ideas.
 "Over Broadway bubbles", although wonderful, relies on irony to shoot a farce that never completely takes off.
 "Mighty Aphrodite" is more great moments and great moments than a very good story.
 "Everyone says I love you" was more an excellent idea than a great film.
Even "Deconstructing Harry" is admittedly cheap in a certain way, even if this is in the lead as one of his most hilarious films.
If anything, the reception of everyone's "celebrity" should tip Allen to the fact that this time, it is not the public and the criticisms that are mistaken about the wonderful film: it is he.
 "Celebrity" is, yes, a good film, but it is only marginally satisfactory as a film Woody Allen.
Instead of creating the big world Woody Allen, he created a world from a subject of which he only knows.
And he shaped a film which is based almost entirely on his uninformed philosophy of celebrities, so that she plays like a series of sketches with minor connections.
It's like "La Dolce Vita" without precision, good amount of mind and good personal crisis.
Woody, becoming more unsatisfied in his old age, chose to deposit the character of Woody Allen in the world of celebrities, then to suspend him as well as all his faults to be examined, and does it in the casting himself but the actorBritish Kenneth Branagh in Leplumb.
We have said a lot about his performance - dead but irritating, succeeded in the real thing, blah blah - but to anyone who really knows the character of Woody Allen knows that the performance of Branagh, although featuring some of the sameWays (stuttering, groans, lots of hand gestures), are hardly an identity theft of warts.
Branagh brings him little from Woody Allen charm, which in fact allows the faults of his character to be more apparent.
Woody is a defective guy, and we know it, but we love him anyway, because he is really funny and really full of mind and really intelligent.
Branagh's Allen is a little flattest, but with the same charm, so yes, we love it, but we still do not know if it is re Allied a good person or not.
His character, Lee Simon, was first seen on the set of the aforementioned film, knocks on the additional actress Winona Ryder, then leaves to interview Griffith, who takes him to his childhood house where he gave him a pass,And she denies it ... released.
We then learn, through flashbacks, that Lee was sucked down by trying to be a celebrity thanks to a half-life crisis and an appearance at his high school meeting.
He has since left his job as a travel journalist and has become a gossip journalist, covering film sets and places where celebrities come together, so that he can meet them, and perhaps sell his scenario (A bank flight film "but with a deep personal person").
As such, he divorced his wife of several years (Allen, regular Judy Davis), and continues to the quest for sexual happiness, bouning from girlfriend to girlfriend and advances to the flight during the film.
After Griffith came his escapades with a model (Charlize Theron) which is "polymorphously perverse" (happy to see Allen uses new jokes, ha ha), who takes him for a wild ride not different from that of the Anita Ekberg segmentof "La Dolce Vita."
Here is his sure relationship with the woman who works intelligent Famke Janssen, a relationship that almost ensures her success, and his continuous escapades with Ryder, to whom he fantasy most.
Her story is juxtaposed to that of Davis, who stands out, but stumbles on happiness when she comes up against a beautiful friendly television director (Joe Mantegna) who won her a job that strengthens her career in the national status.
While Lee gropes, trying selfishly to ensure his own happiness, Davis becomes happy ("I became the kind of woman I have always hated ... and
I love that .")
without doing anything.
The result is a film of high and mediums.
Mediums are what takes most of the film, with situations and scenes that do not work exactly, but you can't help but type Allen by back to try.
But other places are very beautiful scenes.
opening.
The sequence with Theron, who is so good that I wanted he did not finish.
A banana scene with Bebe Neuwirth (funny as always).
And, perhaps the best sequence: a game with an idol for hot adolescents, Brandon Darrow, played by none other than Leo DiCaprio, who is so non-Dictio-esque that if one of these fans could sit down toThrough this film, they will never watch it the same way.
He ignites the screen with intensity, and did not escape anything by showing his character as a narcissistically tyrannical, and totally heartbreaking for Lee, who comes to him to talk about his script that he has read and finds himself in a crazy stroll ofA day with him with him.
They go to Atlantic City to watch a fight, they play, and they find themselves in his hotel room, where Darrow rises it with his flame (Gretchen Mol) and he lends him one of the remaining groupies.
Allen's writing in these scenes is so good that for them, I would almost recommend the film.
almost .
But what I really liked in this film is despite the fact that it is a mess, despite the fact that what this film really needs is a good rewriting to the old-fashioned, it's always an intelligent and perceptive film.
Although some of the jokes are obsolete or poorly placed (some seem too caricatured, even for this environment), Allen always manages to cross that this film does not exactly concern celebrities, as it may seem (if it was,'To be extremely out of the touch), but about those who want to be celebrities and the way they assimilate celebrity with happiness.
We never get enough of real celebrities to see if they are really happy (they may seem on the surface ...), but we are quite approaching the character of Lee and Davis.
Lee is obsessed with the phenomenon, while Davis takes length, and never gets too involved in what it is, and soon becomes one itself.
Besides, it's WE Tty, and he has the only thing that no other film has only that of Allen: this great feeling of Woody Allen.
It may not be exactly fresh and lively or totally brilliant in his representation of his subject, and yes, as part of Woody Allen's work, it is only Blip (not "AnnieHall "but it is not" shadows and fog "either), but it proves that no one can make a film like him, and only him and perhaps Godard could take a completely horrible metaphor, like the oneBeginning, and make it work not once but twice.