The party is one of those classic slapstick comedies that will sometimes let you crack.
The film takes place, for the most part, in real time during an exclusive evening which is assisted only to the biggest names in Hollywood.
Hrundi V.Bakshi, very well played by Peter Sellers, is an actor in difficulty who has just come to America from his homeland, India.
Hrundi tries his actor talents, but it seems that he is simply not cut for work.
On the set of his current film in which he plays, Hrundi seems to worsen everything.
During the shooting of this film taking place in the 1800s, Hrundi managed to annoy the director (Herbert Ellis) in any way possible.
This includes a pitiful work of actor in many scenes, wearing an underwater watch in a scene and accidentally exploding a massive set.
Many Hollywood producers and big names still want Hrundi out of the business.
And when the director takes a personal phone call to Mr.Clutterbuck (J.
Edward McKinley) pleading for the ejection of Hrundi from Hollywood, everything is almost finished for Hrundi.
Clutterbuck writes his name on a piece of paper to make sure Hrundi will never work in Hollywood again.
But when this piece of paper turns out to be the list of guests for the exclusive party of Clutterbuck, Hrundi is invited and some chaos will perform.
Of course, as expected, Hrundi causes many problems.
Each scene in which Hrundi meets a situation, generally the one he cannot manage, is almost always very humorous.
And each scene with Hrundi and the drunk server, which is the only hilarious, adds to comedy in a great way.
The party can be compared to many other films of its type, in particular the trio of bare arms films and plane films, but the party is a delicious film which incorporates a comedy very well played in credible situations.
It also includes a number of memorable scenes (can anyone say "Birdy Num-Num"?).
If you are in a mood for a comedy of fun and pleasant slapstick, see the party.
It will not be one of your favorites of all time, but if you like this type of humor, you will appreciate the party.