Time travel logic films are almost impossibility.
Considering that the best argument of the skeptic against the possibility of traveling in time is the idea of modified realities, writing a script which deals with this problem is an imposing task.
Sometimes we get a film that manages it.
"12 Monkeys" by Terry Gilliam was one of these films.
But more frequently, we get films that do not treat much at all.
There is a question to ask in this case: does the film have other virtues that replace existing logical inconsistencies?
The films "Terminator" compensated them with an exciting action ", Back to the Future" did it with entertaining history, and the new film "Frequency" makes the trick with a strong whole.
Is the "frequency" filled with plot holes?
Yes .
Does that matter?
not really .
The film opened in October 1969.
The firefighter Frank Sullivan (Dennis Quaid) puts his life into play every time he adapts for his work, then returns home with his loving wife Julia (Elizabeth Mitchell) and his son Johnny (Daniel Hénson).
The story with two -parts flashes in 1999, where Johnny (now Jim Caviezel) is fully adult and works as a police detective.
A strange event - The appearance of Aurora Borealis on New York - allows the father and the son to communicate by the same radio -re -trip by Ham Frank used in 69 and which John found today.
Although the two are initially skeptical about the idea, John finally seized this opportunity to warn his father against his imminent death in a warehouse fire, and he manages to save Frank from certain misfortunes.
Now flooded with memories of a full life with his living father, John is initially delighted, until he discovers that the changes in the chronology have been disastrous: a serial killer who would have died rather to kill sevenOther women.
Frank and John must now work together to settle things well, John using the information he has collected in the future to instruct Frank on what to do in the past.
The premise of the "frequency" is unusual and requires overcoming a very important mental obstacle to fully accept: John and Frank are the only ones aware of how the calendar has been modified as a result of their actions.
It is not explained; you just need to accompany it.
When Frank does not die in a fire, John is the only one to care differently, while everyone remembers the new way.
The concept also encounters problems concerning the synchronization of the two realities - 1969 and 1999 - are to each other.
Sometimes Frank changes the past leads to something that happens right away in John's world, and sometimes John gets changes in advance.
Now, filmmakers could have perfectly good explanations on this subject, and I could probably find something quite complicated (but nevertheless logical) if I thought about it quite difficult (for example, the reason why John obtains prior informationOn the murders of the serial killer was before the change had already occurred in the world of Frank, and John only knows the * projection * of this change), but the explanations are not really the point.
When the "frequency" is cooking, it's a fascinating little thriller, even if it's confusing.
What matters to a film like this is if the plot has meaning in the moment, and the "frequency" works as long as it continues to move.
The film manages to engage despite the logical confusion.
The director Gregory Hoblit and the screenwriter Toby Emperich structure "frequency" structure as a good Hollywood entertainment, establishing decent and sympathetic characters, making us take care of them and setting up a goal to be achieved and a conflict to be resolved.
I liked a lot of creative touches: divided screens, allowing us to see how the universe is affected in the two realities and the largest baseball frame to advance the action.
He actually uses the 1969 Mets-Oriole S Series World (the one who presented the Amazin dishes) with great effect - Frank uses John's prior knowledge of the result of the series to convince his friends to believe it.
 (Of course, this device can only be interesting for a baseball fan like me.)
I even liked the final scene, which presents Frank and John both fighting the same man simultaneously in different periods.
Some may find this confusing scene blindly, because the reality changes are starting to come quickly and furious, but it makes sense if you think about it (and give the script a lot of latitude), and let's face it: it's a sacred averageCool Determine the film.
There are enough surprises and twists and turns in the "frequency" to keep you on your guard, and as a result, the film avoids growing up.
The other major thing to appreciate about the "frequency" is the management of the father-son relationship.
Quaid and Caviezel easily take their pieces; it is a solid work in rock of the two actors.
The relationship is instantly credible because they find the human truth behind the high concept: how would we react to being able to communicate with a dead parent or with a future descendant?
Looking at the exchanges between Frank and John will give you a fairly good idea how to answer this question.
The credibility of the human relationship is absolutely crucial for the rest of the film; if we do not believe in the characters, we do not care about the result of the intrigue in Thriller.
Here we care, because we love the main actors.
I also liked some of the supporting players.
Elizabeth Mitchell is stuck with two ungrateful roles, playing Julia the Dating Wife * and * Mother, but still plays admirably.
Andre Braugher, at the end of the television show "Homicide: Life on the Street", gives a nice support tour as a best friend of Frank and future colleague from John.
He has a beautiful scene in a restaurant in which he tries to explain the situation in Julia while the predictions of Frank's World Series are realized before his eyes.
Braugher hits the perfect facial expression here, simultaneously dismayed and amused.
Maybe the only thing I didn't like about the "frequency" is the too sentimental coda, during which the attention of the camera becomes a little too soft and the baseball theme is transported by-above edge.
But it is only because the film had already won an emotion without resorting to inexpensive tactics.
I freely recognize that the "frequency" can better work as a "guy" film because it focuses on the very focused on men of father-son relationships (the echoes of the "field of dreams" can be easily heard), but the universally applicable underlying concept.
Who wouldn't want to speak with a dead parent for a long time?
Or see how their children go?
 "Tell me about your life, son"-Excuse me while I distress myself.
And doesn't call me a wet hen.