In October 1997, the public was dazzled by the success of the surprise horror that I know what you did last summer.
The film has increased by more than $ 70 million in the U.S., and even developed a following cult, much like the cry of $ 100 million from the previous year.
When the trailer hit theaters in September attached to the urban legend, it looked like a wonderful follow-up.
Was it up to the first film?
The answer is no .
Jennifer Love Hewitt returns as Julie James, a survivor of the serial killer who tried to kill her as well as her friends a year earlier.
She has been so upset since the incident.
The nightmares haunt her everywhere, but she must continue.
She knows the university in frequent and is the best friend with a funny and outgoing girl named after Karla (Brandy), who tries to connect Julie with Will Benson, played by the newcomer Matthew Settle.
Karla's boyfriend is Tyrell, the funny and outgoing guy, who is played by Mekhi Phifer by Soul Food.
Freddie Prinze Jr. also comes like Ray, Julie's boyfriend a year ago.
One morning, Julie and Karla are called by a local radio station which offers four tickets to the Bahamas if they can correctly identify the capital of Brazil.
Of course, they respond correctly and they went to the Bahamas.
Julie wants Ray Vienne, but he refuses the offer, then Karla secretly invites instead to stimulate her plan to connect it with Julie.
After arriving at their hotel, they are just them and the island's staff.
It starts as the weekend of their dreams.
Something just had to come to spoil the weekend without care of Julie's life.
Ben Willis (Muse Watson) is back, and he leaves no one to survive this time.
Will Ray come to the rescue before being able to kill them one by one?
Jennifer Love Hewitt and Brandy run in respectable performance.
Brandy in particular was impressive, since it was his first feature film.
You could see that the characters were horrified and they would do everything possible to survive.
Matthew Settle and Freddie Prinze Jr.s a completely different story.
Let's start with Settle.
Matthew is completely false in this film.
You couldn't believe a word coming out of his mouth.
You could say that he was acting, and his reasons like him that she is not as good as the first.
He does a good job towards the end, but that does not eliminate the scars he has already left on the film.
Freddie Prinze Jr. Is almost as bad as Matthew Settle.
It is almost completely incredible, and the majority of its lines are completely devoid of meaning and out of words.
We don't see him as much as Settle, otherwise he could have done as much damage as Settle.
Mekhi Phifer is well as Tyrell, but again, the dialogue is moved.
The intrigue of I Know Know turns out to be a fairly good at the end of the film.
I like where the filmmakers went with this second episode, but maybe if it happened in the same city as the first, it would have been a little better.
The cinematography and the frame of their island are simply wonderful.
There are a lot of very beautiful photos around their hotel.
The sound is quite good, but still not as frightening as the first film.
Jennifer Love Hewitt's song, "How Doal" is also played for about thirty seconds.
I always know what you did last summer is nothing compared to the first film.
The first film was very suspended and contained very memorable scenes.
The last fifteen minutes, I always know what you did last summer, really resumed and almost reached the same level as the first film.
Before this part of the film, there are many unnecessary deaths and false fears.
But it does not matter, because the film is still very fun and there are some scenes full of suspense.
I think the reason why this film was not as scary as the original because in the first, the killer terro RIDRE the people involved in the incident.
He made them suffer for what they did.
In the second film, Ben Willis only kills anyone he feels.
He does not stick to Ray and Julie, who were those he was looking for.
He had to go after Karla, Will and Tyrell.
If the characters he tracked were in relation to the incident that continued when he was returned by Julie, Ray, Helen and Barry, it could have been much better, and it would have made much more sense.
The essential - not a disappointment, but a third of the series would be uncontrollable.