"Gods and monsters" by Bill Condon is a fascinating look at the last days of the life of the gay director James Whale (Ian McKellan), who made the horror classics "Frankenstein" and "Bride of Frankenstein".
As I was not familiar with whale before seeing the film, there is no way to know how precise the film is, but I suspect that a large part comes only from fantasies and interior hallucinations ofWhale.
Whale, who fought during the First World War, then became known for his work on Horror Pictures, decided fifteen years before his death at the age of 67 to leave cinema once a homosexual scandal broke out the'involving.
As the film says, during the end of his life, whale, in his big house in l.un., Became in love with the tall, beautiful and much younger man, Clayton Boone (Brendan Fraser), who worked likeGardener at home.
James Whale, we learn quickly, it is that many people refer to it as in the film, "an old dirty man".
In one of the opening scenes, a young film enthusiast visits Whale's house to interview him and Whale agrees, on a condition: for each question he answers, the young man must remove an articleclothing.
Because of this episode, we know exactly what they are whales when he asks Clayton to ask him for a painting, later making the excuse that his shiny white shirt is only deracted for him to remove it.
Clayon agrees, and does not really think about the warnings of his friends, becoming more and more intrigued in the stories that Whale tells him about her past.
Admittedly, the relationship between the whale and Boone goes towards a fall, because the whale begins to develop a deep love for this young man, even if Boone is not gay, and the whale himself realizes that heApproach to the conclusion of his life, while he rarely begins to undergo light features and moments of real catharsis.
 "Gods and monsters" is an intimate portrait and apparently respectful of a director who has been forced to become a little pariah, because of his sexual preference, and never obtained the recognition he would have liked, because heAspired to be called a "film director", rather than a "horror director".
And in a heartbreaking scene, he attended a party with Boone being his guest, held by the director George Cuckor, and notes that many other participants no longer recognize him.
It is obvious that Whale's first love in his life was to make films, and when his career has finally collapsed, his passion in life did it too.
As played brilliantly by Ian McKellen, James Whale presents himself as a sad but worthy man, and a person who was not afraid to stand out from the others, as long as he knew he was faithful to himself.
He never hid the fact that he was gay, however, even if it meant threatening his cinematographic profession, and it was this honesty without air conditioning that made him a great person.
Thanks to the complicated relationship that develops between whale and Boone, Boone, of course, only whale things as possible or someone to talk to, when it means so much more for the whale, whichConsider Boone as a kind of salvation in life.
Although Boone is only in a dead end as a gardener of people's houses, the whale considers him as the ideal man, not only the one who is beautiful, even if it is this attraction that first begins hisfeelings, but that actually goes.
Since the whale only lives with his loyal, but disapproving maid (described by contact with Lynn Redgrave), it is Boone to whom whale can speak in his ultimate growing of the world, and the only reason why the whale decidesFinally to attend the George Cuckor rally.
Although an extremely fine and mature image, some small elements hold the film from ultimate grandeur.
It is appreciated that the film does not draw for any development of obvious or too dramatic history, but it is a little thin and the structuring of the The friendship "in sudden" at the center of the film is quite predictable.
We know very early on where these two characters are headed, and we can guess that there will be a final confrontation between the two as the tension is constructed slowly.
In its lower hands, this configuration could have been too calculated, but it is not in the treatment and surprisingly skilful writing that helps the film to be much more than that.
In addition, a secondary intrigue is briefly mentioned between Clayton and a waitress working in a bar (actually played by Lolita Davidovich), but abruptly abandoned and never mentioned.
If the film was not going to follow this story, then it might have been completely removed.
 "Gods and Monsters" is a sincere and intelligent film, made impressively by Bill Condon, which, I feel, relates or fully understands the meaning of the curious relationship between the whale and Boone.
The film also plays in tribute to a good man who met a premature end.
Getting away from the "gods and monsters", it is the wonderful and amazing performance of Ian McKellen who left me the most impression, and I doubt that he could have had someone who could haveEntering the role more and more fully and in a creative manner.
It is a sad will when the real talent and the love of a person are unfairly removed, on the basis of the examination and judgment of their personal life, which, ironically, is the affairs of anyone'other in the first place.