"Dangerous Beauty" is really nothing more than a grandiose set in Venice around 1583.
It is beautifully filmed, wonderfully played, and certainly nothing less than entertaining, but it lacks real fundamental seriousness.
To face themes of forbidden love, religious intolerance, the subordination of women, sexual freedom and roles of pleasure and sin in a cultivated society, it always looks like brilliantly enlightened stuffed animals.
The director, Marshall Herskovitz, does not want to follow the dark and dangerous path that this story could lead, so he opts for a more brilliant, more alive and relatively superficial interpretation.
The film takes place during the Renaissance, at a time when Venice was the capital of pleasure of Europe.
At that time, Venice was her own republic, and she prospered by being the central junction of East-West trade.
The film is informed almost entirely by the point of view of the aristocracy and the bourgeoisie of Venice, we can therefore rarely see how the rest of society lived.
However, there is an abundance of details concerning the life and livelihoods of the upper classes, their hedonistic lifestyle and their constant gaiety.
The story focuses on Veronica Franco (Catherine McCormack), a lower class woman who falls in love with Marco Venier (Rufus Sewell), the son of the rich aristocratic parents (Jeroen Krabb? And Joanna Cassidy).
Unfortunately, the culture of this period did not consider marriage as an act of love - it looked rather like a commercial transaction, where wealthy families married their sons and their daughters to obtain power, wealth and ensure theforeigners could not enter.
Veronica, despite its charm and beauty, is certainly a stranger.
After a short love story, Marco breaks her heart with the news that he cannot marry him.
However, because she is beautiful and intelligent, Veronica has a chance to enter the world of Marco, although not like his wife.
She decides to become a courtesan - a class of women as well educated as they were lovely and sold their sexuality to rich men for the privilege of winning and eating with the elite.
A courtesan was not a simple prostitute; they received a special place in society, and they were very revered, respected and often envied.
At one point, a character mentions that some leaders obtain more political advice from their courtesans than their lieutenants.
Veronica goes through the transformation with the help of her mother, Paola (Jacqueline Bisset), who was once a famous courtesan herself.
Once she enters the lifestyle, Veronica notes that it suits her fairly well.
She is authorized to read all the books she wants, she has the opportunity to publish her poetry, and she has the richest and most powerful men in the Republic throwing herself at her feet, including The Awestruck Marco.
Their relationship is transformed into a playful joke, Veronica using her new power by constantly rejecting the advances of Marco.
In many ways, their relationship is sad because Marco is married to a woman whom he is unable to love, and Veronica is consumed by multiple relationships with men whom she does not want to love.
 "I love love, not man", as his mother told him.
 "Dangerous Beauty", which was based on a factual book by Margaret Rosenthal, flows as well and calmly as the large canal which crosses the heart of Venice.
He has several intrigues - including Veronica's contradictory relationship with a court poet (Oliver Platt), his role in obtaining French military aid in the Battle of Venice against the Turks, and even the dreaded shadowof the plague and the encroachment of the Spanish inquisition - however, it is never confusing or dominant.
A large part of the film's success is due to the brilliant performance of Catherine McCormack in the main role.
known mainly for the small role she played as The lover whose murder raised the anger of Mel Gibson in "Braveheart" (1995), McCormack shows the real gifts and the inarguable talent of a head woman.
She has the kind of classic exquisite beauty that would be cherished with a courtesan; her character is intelligent, full of mind and at the same time sensual and vulnerable, which McCormack transmits easily with a single flash of her eyes.
The other roles are also well filled, notably Rufus Sewell whose performance here and earlier this month in "Dark City" assured him a solid place in Hollywood.
He has the same kind of unusual beauty and charm of Ray Liotta, and he seems perfectly at home in the dramas of the time.
Oliver Platt plays a variation in the role of comic relief that he came to live as a second skin, although the film transforms to his character a cheap blow at the end by doing it improbably to join the Inquisition andTransform into bad guys.
Platt is a good actor, but he's just too difficult to hate.
Jacqueline Bisset proves that she is just as moving as she has never been, and even Fred Ward presents himself in a small performance but moving as a Marco hire.
 "Dangerous Beauty" is the director's effort of Marshall Herskovitz, after the 1993 neglected film "Jack the Bear".
In partnership with Edward Zwick, Herskovitz spent most of his time as a television producer ("thirty years", "My So-Called Life") and in films ("Legends of the Fall").
His style of staging can be better described as transparent - he never bothers history, but he has no perceptible fulfillment or particular distinctions.
He could have approached the film in several ways, including assistance on the sexual aspect, which he wisely avoids.
 "Dangerous Beauty" contains just enough naked flesh and ribbed sex to make it suitable, but not so much that it seems exploiting.
Herskovitz is also helped by a solid support team, including the succulent photography of Bojan Bazelli, whose previous efforts include the highly stylized thriller "Kalifornia" (1993) and the dark-fiction film of Abel Ferrara "Body Snatchers"(1994).
Bazelli captures the film in strong and daring colors, and Be puts the Venice in the 16th century in wide panoramic planes which are often improved in digital imaging.
However, the real details are in the design of production by Norman Garwood ("Brazil", "The Princess Bride") and the costumes of Gabriella Pescucci ("The age of innocence").
The only problem with "dangerous beauty" is that it does not stay with you.
This is a good story well told with interesting characters, but it is easy to raise your shoulders once you have left the theater.
The only sequence that has the possibility of being truly indelible is that Veronica is pulled before the hypocrisy of the Inquisition and threatened with the death penalty for its transgressions, but that never stands out because it is simply too muchmelodramatic and conventional.
Herskovitz tries with all his strength to make it an garlic, but in a way his result is a fatal conclusion, and as the rest of the film, it does not carry any real weight, despite the potential gravity of the subject.