Very few people did not know Beavis & Butt-Head (both created and told by Mike Judge).
These are the two animated MTV characters who have the most annoying laughter to the human race.
You may have seen them on their television program because they sneered and make Lude remarks on women, everything related to sex and music film clips they watch.
In Beavis & Butt-Head Do America, the pair finally made its debut on the big screen, looking forward to some and deplored others.
Beavis & Butt-Head (yes, these are their real names), are two very ugly teenagers with extremely distorted minds driven by raging hormones.
They live their lives in front of television.
The worst possible event appears at the pair when their television is stolen.
This happens as they sleep, and when they wake up, it takes them a few minutes just to decipher that television has disappeared.
Beavis even tries to use the remote control, although there is no television there.
The two spot a van outside and two sinister men carrying a television.
Even at this stage, they have no idea what happened.
They look around him, seeing all the evidence, but are completely unconscious because these men have just steal their television.
Before the film, I knew they were stupid, but I didn't know how stupid it is.
This is typical of their behavior throughout the film.
Finally, they realize that their television was stolen, so they leave their sofa to seek a television.
Luck would keep him stumble in a hotel room (looking for a television) where a man is waiting for two guys whose task is to kill his wife.
This man, thinking that Beavis & Butt-Head are the assigned killers, tells them that they can have $ 10,000 if they "do his wife".
Beavis & Butt-Head, being the ignorant idiots that they are, think that it offers them $ 10,000 to have sex with his beautiful woman.
They are taken to the airport where they go to Las Vegas to "do it".
For them, it's the best day of their lives.
Not only will they lose their virginity (one of their life goals), but above all, they will have enough money to buy a large screen TV.
Inevitably, they are taken in a huge crime, and without their knowledge, are followed across the country by the FBI.
Curiously, it is their total stupidity that saves them from being captured, consequently, the FBI is convinced that they are criminal brains.
They end up traveling across America, visiting places such as the Hoover and Washington DC dam.
The irony is that although they visit so many large and spectacular places, their only time in the big world far from their television, they are completely unconscious.
At Old Faithful, they are much more fascinated by the infrared urinals operated than by the geyser himself.
Beavis & Butt-Head essentially have the journey of their lives.
They can even meet the president.
But all they care is to recover their television and lose their virginity.
This is one of the many reasons why the film is so funny - it's incredible how stupid they are and how they can be so unconscious of everything around them.
The humor is certainly rude, but Beavis and Butt-Head are only that; Brut, Lude and Groser.
In the end, you can't help but feel sorry for them, a pair of antisocial sofa potatoes whose life is television.
In this regard, and also with regard to the authority (like the FBI), Mike Judge is quite critical of the Amercian society.
If you are easily offended or find this pair particularly boring, avoid.
Otherwise, it should make you laugh throughout the way.
A warning note: do not take friends who like to imitate Beavis & Butt-Head ..... you
Never hear the end!