In my criticisms, I try to make soft recommendations rather than tell you what to see or what not to see.
I realize that we all have different tastes and I cannot predict what my audience will like and what they don't like.
But in the case of American beauty, I have to make an exception.
If you haven't seen it yet, go see it.
NOW .
Stop reading this review and head for your local multiplex, then after seeing it, come back.
I will wait here .
Happy to see you again .
If you have followed my advice (and I don't see any reason why you shouldn't have, right?),
I'm sure you just had one of the richest cinematographic experiences of your life.
American Beauty is an extraordinary film, a powerful exploration and agitated on the dark side of the American dream.
It is humorous but it is not funny because of the relentless disturbing current which takes place throughout the production.
Mixing the darkest comedy and drama was the way this film was destined, and by God, it works, which makes it one of the best of the year.
Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) entered the mother of all mid-life attacks.
He lives lifeless life.
He is bored, depressed and sick of his sheltered and insignificant existence.
He barely speaks to his family, has no sex life, is stuck in dead end and thinks that he has no reason to live.
But one day, when he and his equally disturbed wife (Annette Bening) attend one of his daughter's cheerleading performance (Thora Birch), he sees something that makes him come to life.
What he sees is the performance of his daughter's friend, the cheerleader.
He develops a lust for the promise girl; an obsession which soon becomes of a pedophile nature.
But for the first time, Lester feels that he really lives.
This crush is only the beginning.
Lester makes increasingly radical changes in his life, buying the car of his dreams, cursing the boss and leaving his job ("Today, I left my job, I said to the bossHimself and I made him sing for $ 60, 000-do you want to pass the asparagus please? ")
Buy drugs from the voyeur-type (Ricky Fitts, a teenager who mysteriously records what he considers "beauty") and refusing to be docile in family affairs.
Her new attitude still alienates her daughter, reassuring her only that her parents are nothing more than monsters of nature which are unjustly forced by the powers in place, and inspiring him to enter a relationship with her eccentric neighbor.
And the neighbors of Burnhams offer American beauty an important part of its dramatic momentum.
Ricky Fitts (Wes Bentley) serves as a thematic film of the film, offering the dark and powerful meaning of the title.
Colonel Fitts, the father, is one of the most fascinating and complex characters in the film, even considering his limited time.
Kevin Spacey has never been better, and this performance certainly suits him will allow him to put a little gold on his coat.
He never plays his funny character as a monster, he rather depicts him as a normal person led to a drastic self-exploration by his dissatisfaction with regard to life.
Spacey is poignant and devastating in the role of a life.
Just as surprising is the young Thora Birch, who plays her potentially stereotypical rebellious adolescent character with a surprising sensation and tenderness.
At two o'clock and ten minutes, American beauty did not feel long enough.
It is a complicated and unforgettable film which, like the ice storm two years ago, dares to explore the darkest scope of suburban life.
Powerfully and cynically, he dissects the notion of the pretty house with the white fence and the attractive garden being the American dream.
He claims that this perfect image is just that - an image, and hiding behind it are much darker lives that common knowledge would have it.
the dark and deeply ironic ending, however Given by our narrator in the first minutes of the film, stays with you for weeks after all.
American beauty is just the kind of uncompromising film that Hollywood needs from time to time to counterbalance the insane racity that we see out; even more since it is a masterpiece.