The sweet afterwards could serve as an example as a manual of the difference between TV movies and "real" films.
Consider for a moment what a television producer would do with a book that has a fatal school bus accident and a lawyer to register mourning mourning - a lot of hot sensationalism interrupted with breaks to sell beer and toothpaste.
The high -level writer and director atom Egoyan delivers a film with a huge power whose most notable line is his touching subtlety.
Based on a respected book of the same name of the author Russell Banks, the film represents a rethink of the structure of history, not only a literal adaptation of the novel.
Tell in linear by four narrators of the book, the version of Egoyan occurs instead in the time sequences that overlap and without narrator.
The author is even recorded as applauding Egoyan's changes.
In press notes, the author of the book describes history as "a parable of lost children".
He says he asks what a city is doing in the absence of his children.
By taking this, Egoyan has a flashback in which a goalkeeper, Nicole Burnell, played with Grace de Sarah Polley, reads parts of "The Pied Piper" from an old book illustrated with her two charges.
Periodically throughout the image, Nicole's readings are heard in voiceover.
You have never heard this moving poem read so gently or in such an appropriate moment.
They and the rest of the city of the city enter into danger - some live and others are seriously injured.
And the whole small Canadian town where the accident occurs is never the same again.
Although physical damage is mainly inflicted on children, adults carry the emotional scars of loss.
Ian Holm, undoubtedly the best performance of his distinguished career, plays Mitchell Stephens, an intense man of quiet misery.
Mitchell is the stranger in history located in a small community encrusted with snow in the British Columbia desert.
His mission there is only one, to register the parents so that he can continue someone, anyone, on their behalf.
If it seems rude, well, but Mitchell approaches his work with the dedication of a religious fanatic.
The story takes place slowly and always in a credible way.
Each little aspect has its own fascination.
While Mitchell Interview Wendell and Rita Walker, played with a silent realism by Maury Chaykin and Alberta Watson, he has a simple task.
He wants them to suggest a model couple in the village who has a lost child so that he can use this couple to form the base of the costume.
Wendell ticks a member of the city after another, then, as we can do in a small town, lists the many faults of each person.
Although the city is not Peyton places, people have their weaknesses there.
One of the best parents in the city seems to be Billy Ansell (Bruce Greenwood), who sets up his pick-up behind the school bus every day so that he can make his children for them.
Well, Billy's fault, Monoparental, is that he has regularly scheduled appointments with the married rita.
His confessions in Rita about her feelings of loss are one of the many sincere exumps in history.
The accident itself, a simple bus hitting a plot of ice, is not shown before the image of the image, but, however, the mystery on this subject is built throughout the film.
Although the image is not a story of detective, discovering exactly what happened is a sub-theme in a film which is mainly a character study of a city seized by tragedy.
As a injured bus driver, Gabrielle Rose, Dolores Driscoll plays the role of a dedicated person who loves passionate children and for whom tragedy takes on a particular meaning.
To complete the story, Mitchell has his own private tragedy to bear.
His daughter Zoe (Caerthan Banks) is a drug addict who bounded in and out of a house and a recovery center halfway after the other.
likes to call his father on his cell phone S o She can ask for money or help, she interrupts him at many times loaded with emotionally while he tries to register for the city dwellers.
 ("I can help you", Mitchell tries to reassure Billy.
 "Not unless you can resuscitate the dead," says Billy.
Mitchell's field is never easy and worrying about Zoe only makes things more difficult.)
Mychael Danna's obsessive music prepares the field for tragedy.
The cinematography of Paul Sosssy sweeps away in its external grandeur, but it is in the warm, dark and intimate moments inside where it works best.
The show, which is ripe for emotional manipulation, never plays with its audience.
However, when the lights of the house get up, you can feel like me.
I could barely breathe; I was so surmounted by the total of what I had witnessed.
More than anything, the film is like a master painting.
Each cinematographic brushstroke is carefully placed by Egoyan with the beauty building with each spoonful of paint.
With the final color in place, the masterpiece is finished and the fine credits roll.
The sweet below takes place 1: 50.
It is classified for mature themes, sexuality and certain blasphemies and would be good adolescents.