Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris) chooses his trusted general Maximus (Russell Crowe) as his successor.
However, the son of the Emperor's evil son (Joaquin Phoenix) murdered his father before the announcement could be made, and Maximus (as well as his family) is sentenced to be executed.
Maximus is capable of escaping his executioners, but is then captured and sold as a slave to Proximo (Oliver Reed).
Proximo is looking for gladiators to earn money (he being an old gladiator himself), and Maximus reluctantly uses his skills to prove himself a powerful gladiator.
When the Emperor Commodus announces that new games will be held in the Colisseum, Proximo takes its gladiators there to fight.
Maximus sees it as his chance to take revenge on Comodus.
The gladiator begins with a great sequence of battle between the Roman army and the Germany, and is in fact capable of maintaining interest during the "40 minutes of exhibition now required after an opening sequence of Kick ASS" of theCreation of films.
The only fall in the opening sequence is the mounting style used ...
It is a jerky idle that is disturbing and distracting.
It is similar to the opening sequence in the safeguard of the private Ryan, but far from being so effective.
The battles of real gladiators are exciting, but also a little disjointed.
Often it is not clear what is going on exactly ...
All the public can say is that the blood is overthrown.
We do not know who blood is or by whom is the hand.
There is also a case of this earlier in the film which is disappointing.
This comes when Maximus escapes his executioners.
Some flashes and some fast cuts later and Maximus are free ...
But I still don't know exactly how he did.
Russell Crowe should have become a major star after his role happily on the superior role as a serial killer generated by computer in the virtuosity of 1995.
For any reason, his celebrity has never arrived ...
But he should have it now.
From here, moviegoers should now be able to say: "Let's see the new film by Russell Crowe".
He obtained the best scene in the film (and one of the best moments of all recent films) when he reveals his identity in Comodus in Colisseum.
It is both catchy and frightening.
Joaquin Phoenix does a very effective job to make Commodus a person and not just a cartoon character (which could easily have happened).
Commodus is an accomplice, devious and whining, but Phoenix never lets the character become an idiot.
It is a very good (and very frightening) performance.
Oliver Reed died during the filming of Gladiator, and this is a huge loss for the world of actor.
I have always been fascinated by Reed ...
He is one of those very talented artists who had a good career, but found themselves directly towards video of the video during his twilight years.
It is ironic that this film would probably have put him back in real films, because he gives a fun and sincere performance.
The film is dedicated to him and we will surely miss.
Reed's death presented filmmakers an obvious problem because he still had scenes to be completed.
Rather than redesigning the role (and ending up remedying many sequences), a digital version of Oliver Reed was created at a reported cost of $ 2 million.
Ironically, it was probably more money than Reed never earned for a single film.
Anyway, this digital effect is only used in a scene that I know (for about twenty seconds) and if you do not look for it, you will not even be able to say it.
However, some of the other digital effects are less convincing ...
And as I always say, the notable digital effects immediately make me come out of a film.
It is sad that such a good film has these distractions.
Films like the fall of the Roman Empire and Spartacus seemed to do well without using computer effects.
Keep in mind that Gladiator is based on real people and real events, but is entirely a work of fiction.
Howweve R It is a fictional work that is a great entertainment, and another film to add to the list of fucking fine films released in 2000 A.D.