Similar, bad and escaped thrillers are a product difficult to find.
Most are unnecessarily complicated, and others have no sense of opportunity - the thrilling effect of thrills is lost in the heavy intrigue.
Perhaps the ultimate escape thriller was the fugitive, which had none of the flash effects of today's market but rather a bread and butter, an example of a manual of what a smart script and aGood direction consists.
Tony Scott's latest film, Enemy of the State, does not reach this level.
It is a real product of the 90s that operates like lightning throes through a maze of mobile phones and laptops, without looking back.
Although director Scott made a mistake in the past, like the lame thriller The Fan, he generated a lot of energy in images like Crimson Tide and Top Gun.
This vibrant spirit is present here, illustrated in well -planned and carefully planned prosecution scenes that give the film an aura of pure speed.
Enemy of the State also offers unprecedented use of incredible cinematography - the director of photography Daniel Mindel is launching an astounding amount of views, angles, glasses and stocks of films in the audience which greatly contributes to involving the publicin the movie.
Enemy is really a visual experience, and it is only one of the reasons why it is such a fun watch.
The film lights up with an aging senator visited by the deputy chief of the NSA Thomas Reynolds (Jon Voight).
Reynolds wants a new law on communications adopted to allow the government to reign on the use of surveillance equipment, but the senator plans to bury the bill in committee.
Reynolds had the senator offer, but not before the murder was taken on the camera of a naturalist.
By a chain of event extremists, the gang is found in the position of the labor lawyer Robert Dean (Will Smith), and it takes long before it makes friends from Reynolds.
It is only with the help of an ex-Spherical named Brill (Gene Hackman) that Dean is able to go to the bottom of things.
The game is first -rate, and the three principles - Smith, Hackman and Voight - are generally more mature and excellent all around.
Smith puts aside the act of violation and becomes a normal human being; Voight attenuates the quantity of sneer he puts in his character for greater ominpotence; and Hackman is simply exaggerated in the mysterioso role.
The regular Smith Joe stands out particularly well, because he leaves the authorities for reasons he does not know.
The supports are also in good shape, lending credibility to the main roles and progressing the plot in key areas.
It is, for the festivals, the hot ticket; as well as anyone looking for an authentic portion of action in a market that is otherwise lacking.