Virtual reality is a subject that has almost defined its own genre.
Since "Dark City" (1998), films on alternative universes and parallel worlds have been one after the other.
The most popular and original of them were the matrix.
All the films released after that were less successful.
David Cronenberg's exissez, published only a few months after the matrix, was accepted and even appreciated (by some), but the beateering had disappeared.
And when "the thirteenth floor" was broadcast this fall, it was completely supervised and ignored.
I admit that this problem has become something between tiring and boring, wanting to eat the same meal again and again.
So it was that I was less than excited, when I went out to see "the thirteenth floor".
However, I was positively surprised by the last photo of Josef Rusnak.
Matrix was an entertaining sensations stroll through dreams and reality, combining the best of the action and Hollywood effects with an intelligent story.
Existez was a violent, bloody and disturbing journey through reality and virtual reality, ending with blood and madness.
"The thirteenth floor" is somewhere between the two.
Instead of going after the crowd - the action audience (like the matrix), or aiming for horror fans (like exissenz), `` the thirteenth floor '' presents a more intelligent intrigue, Witch will offer a less experienceEntertaining and more serious, real science fiction lovers will find rewarding.
in the near future ... on
The thirteenth floor of a classified building, a genius scientist, Hannon Fuller, has created a simulated world, his personal dream world, where each inhabitant is a complex and autonomous program that believes that it is real.
Right after the first tests of this world, Fuller () was found murdered.
Douglas Hall (), his closest friend and trading partner, immediately becomes the first suspect and has to enter the thirteenth floor in search of the truth.
A beautiful woman (Gretchen Mol) who suddenly appears on the scene can contain the key to the mystery, which could disentangle the horrible truth about her own existence.
The first "download in the simulation" is impressive.
It is the creator's first visit to his world, his creation.
To enter this virtual universe, you must resume someone's identity, become another person.
This is called the transfer of concision, and that is part of the film tragedy: people "wake up" in unknown places and strange things begin.
They are starting to doubt in their own mental health.
These innocent people pay the errors of their "users" and creators with their mental health and their life.
It is a frightening reality; the fact that everyone in the simulation (the bonds of the program) live their life, unconscious, not knowing that they are puppets in someone's fantasy.
With an attractive story ("Blade Runner" - Type) of detective history, this film presents the beauty and the possibilities of virtual reality and the danger that is always present.
Our modern world is made of metal and glass - cold, hostile, impersonal.
The 1930s are different - colorful, beautiful, elegant, viriles.
This contrast demonstrates a desire for change.
Virtual reality is described here as a magic and enchanting power which seduces you in its infinite possibilities.
For some, it is just a trip to their personal paradise, towards some a personal playground - a life without any consequences.
For others - a way to start again and "correct" their errors, living in an illusion of their past.
Virtual reality is a sorcerer who transforms your hopes, your dreams and your fantasies in life.
At least that's how it all starts.
But when you wake up from your dream, the real world seems worthless and unreal and all you can think is to return to your personal paradise.
This, the almost narcotic effect, soon turns into confusion and ultima madness.
Some important and interesting philosophical questions are raised - what is real?
What do you think?
who are we ?
If these answers were answered, this film would be the greatest science fiction ever made.
They are not in response, but have installed intelligently.
The visual aspect of the film is one of the key elements, because it depicts the contrast between these universes simulated by computer.
Kirk M. Petrucelli did a wonderful job with the recreation of the 1930s with its glamor, its grace and its color; and putting this world in opposition to ours - an almost caricatured recreation of the 90s.
There are honest and decent performances of an almost unknown distribution and the musical score of Moody by Harald Klose which is in the right place at the right time.
A rather unusual thing about the thirteenth floor "is the almost complete lack of special effects.
There are no CGI animated creatures, no idle bullets.
It is a more philosophical approach, recalling the European way of cinema.
This is out of course a major disappointment for the public which is used to endless shootings and mutated amphibians, but the most serious science fiction enthusiasts and fans of the black city will be delighted.
This film is interesting and inspiring.
It has everything existing, but it does not have the immediacy and the intensity of the matrix.
And then there is a happy ending which, as in "Dark City", completely alienates it from the rest of the story and the context.
The intrigue itself is not as original as the filmmakers want us to think so, because they practically aspired all the information of the best science fiction classics, including Blade Runner and "Dark City".
In this spirit, "the thirteenth floor" does not make an Oscar candidate or a film that will remain in the memories in a year, but it is a magnificent, elegant and intelligent version of virtual reality.