Family love is one of the strongest motor forces in the life of every man, especially for those who have favored their family in precarious circumstances.
Thematically in cinema, love for the family has been used frequently and categorically to highlight more abstract aspects of the characters; it is however rare that it is also undoubtedly developing as in the neo-classical drama of Roberto Benigni,life is beautiful.
Through a central cast of father, mother and son, Benigni demonstrates the wonderful eternal love that a family shares in the best of cases and the worst times.
Life * is * beautiful for Guido Orevet (Roberto Benigni, heading here for the sixth time in his career), an Italian Jew, a master con and by suckling extraordinary server.
Living in Italy in the 1930s, he saw an carefree life of good fortune; he is still improved when he occurs on a pretty teacher named Dora (Nicoletta Braschi).
Although Dora is already engaged, Guido manages to sweep her and persuade her to marry her instead; the two have a child named Joshua (Giorgio Cantarini).
Unfortunately for the happy family, the third Reich and its Nazi servants occupy Italy and imprison all the Jews in the work camps.
It is after the film takes this dramatic turn that the theme of the film of family love becomes the strongest.
Although before this turning point, Benigni plays Guido with a kind of clumsy charm, he relaxes the role to ensure the happiness of his son.
Now, instead of awkwardly seducing the sweet Dora, he constantly reassures his son that everything will be fine.
Benigni's performance is really well balanced, and certainly one of the most fluid turns all year round.
The supports are also strong, but the film really excels in its script.
Life is beautiful is a self -proclaimed fable, which tells its story in a large way in two parts.
In some parts, he manages to sink into a spin -off "Saturday Night Live" - a number of humorous sketches connected by a token intrigue - but in the second half of the film, the circular nature of the script becomes admirablyobvious.
The characters make apparitions in terms of reproduction in fine form, and certain events which are initially curious become critically linked to the result of the plot.
In all, fans of foreign films will see it as a memorable film, and novice cinema observers could take advantage of this opportunity to see their first film "Artsy".
Life is magnificent is an artistic film by convention but easily accessible to everyone, and above all is a beautiful thematic image.