I think the first thing that this criticism should mention is that I am a fan of X-Files.
First of all, allow me to make sure that no prior experience with the series is necessary to fully enjoy this film.
The producers are not stupid, making a film just for fans of the series is not profitable.
You have to reach a wider audience.
Therefore, the film is quite user -friendly.
As much, non-fans will only understand certain emotions behind the looks that many characters exchange.
But do not fear, Duchovny and another man later, provide more than adequate background information on what is happening.
You will never feel like you have just participated in the third act of a large opera.
In any case, the answer is no.
I am not a fan of X-Files, I only look at it when nothing else is turned on and I prefer the millennium.
However, since the Fox Network was so kind to broadcasting several key episodes for several weeks before the film's opening weekend, I took this opportunity to test the film.
I recorded all these episodes and I watched them only after leaving the film, I am happy to announce that I have not learned anything again.
Everything you need to know is explained to the spectator by Duchovny and others.
I know that I may go a little too far to assert my point, but everyone should have the chance to live this film.
Warning: the big spoilers follow!
Please do not read, to take full advantage of this film, you should not be able to know what is going, what is going on exactly on this hill and what this bizarre "hummm" sound is entirely.
You were warned.
The X-Files is what a summer should be.
An exciting, frightening and frightening special effects (unlike other summer films, the effects do not take control and are only there when it is really necessary) and good performance.
It comes from a guy who thinks that David Duchovny is the human equivalent of a wooden board.
From start to finish, this film does not let you go.
When I compare it with the movies last summer, the best way to describe it would be: take the excitement and the great score of the facial / off and the fatal use of the sound of the Horizon event.
This film is frightening, not in a film B, where you always know where and when the creature will jump on our heroes.
In fact, the first time that the creature of this film has made a call is completely unexpected.
You might as well bring ear caps because this thing is Louuuudd!
The last time I scared me as much, it was when I saw extraterrestrials for the first time like a six -year -old child.
You know, when you are foolish to set your feet on the ground because the creature can be under the chair or when you keep trying to cover your throat with your shirt?
So yes, the X-Files are frightening.
and guess what ?
You never even need to see the monster, but your imagination has overtime and it certainly beats to watch an imperfect babyzilla generated, it seems that you can not even cross it more frightening than your grandmother in atype of monster.
Do not think that X-Files is a monster film.
In fact, the creature is there for three minutes in total.
No, the X-Files is definitely a Mulder episode in the series.
Scully is by his side, of course, but Gillian Anderson may get half the screen time.
She has some good scenes with Duchovny, but she is kidnapped during the last half hour of the film, so she doesn't do much.
No, it's Mulder's time under the spotlight.
To date, you have heard of the scene where Mulder "Sowers" Independence Day.
If you have not done so, I will not spoil it for you, let's just say that because of recent events, Mulder should "shower" Godzilla instead.
To those of you who wonder if Mulder discovers that the truth is indeed there ... OMS
Cares!?
If he had found it, the series would do it anyway, then what are you complaining about?
The interesting dialogue and the director is wonderful.
The camera almost always looks over He shoulder of our heroes, so we have the impression that we are there with them when they open a door or go up a hill.
The script is impeccable, everything that happens happens for a purpose.
If you are confused by something, don't worry because everything will become clear later but and I cannot insist enough, be careful !!!
Unlike most summer films, dialogue is twice as important as effects.
Miss vital information and, like most people who speak during the movies, you will go home and tell all your friends how this film made no sense.
Also, to people who need to go to the toilet during the movies ... Don't do it!
The person who watched the film with me had to go twice and twice, he missed an important conversation.
There is no time to take a break between the scenes because, once again, unlike most summer films (Godzilla someone?
 ) X-Files do not need to fill scenes between suspense and action with unnecessary sub -intrigues, each scene is crucial and serves a goal.
Who needs to see that the Blond Chiouaoua have a "big emotional scene" between the attacks of Godzilla?
So far this summer, I have seen only one film that ranks above on my list of films that I would recommend and it is the Truman Show, but it only wins by a nose.
But the Truman show is not what I would call a summer film, the X-Files is.
What more do you ask a summer film other than the possibility of being excited?
Fresh effects?
It's good.
Beating pulse?
Yes of course !
Curiously, I think fans of the series will hate this film while non-fauns will have a good time.
It does not provide answers to the many questions of the show, the status quo remains almost the same and, no, Mulder and Scully do not meet.
Rating: four and a half in five stars for the best film to date, several jumps of your seats sensations, many "Whoah, I have never seen this one to come!"
Moments, four "shit, where devil it comes from" and a hell of fine.
You may be wondering where this film has lost half-star.
Well, I swore never to give a film the five complete stars, so I had to find something on the ice truck in his mirror, the slopes he leaves in the snow behind him continue on severalkilometers, but then they stop.
It is quite obvious that the manufacturers of the film led the truck for several kilometers to give the appearance that Mulder had been driving for a long time, but in the end, it seems that Mulder has just fallen from the sky and began to drive.