Land: For a period of 10 weeks in London in the fall of 1888, Jack The Ripper, a man whose identity has never been discovered, committed five ritual and prostitutes macabre murders.
This film is based on the graphic novel which assembled a theory behind the centenary mystery.
Critality: Great!
I love dark movies, I like elegant movies, I like good mysteries and I like Johnny Depp ... so
Yes, I really dug this film!
The Hughes brothers are back with revenge, to show the world that they are directors to take seriously and this film, my friends ... is
very serious !
In fact, it is also very horrible and bloody and morbid and scary and black like hell.
It's not for children, I'm going to tell you the same.
And if one of these recent directors of Slasher Slasher films on two-bit Scream-Esque wants advice on effective "scenes of killing", do not look any further, because each engaged in this film is a stunning cinematographic,Especially in relation to generic leurcordigations of slice and dice.
In fact, most of the structure of this film is very creative, the actors, all solid, the atmosphere and the "sensation" of the image, remarkably real (I must love these "unhappy"), and the descentIn darkness, well refined by filmmakers.
You can almost taste the semen on the screen and quickly come to appreciate the policy of the time.
But it is also an impressive mystery film, based on the true story of Jack The Ripper, a man whose identity has never been discovered.
The theory of this film is based on the graphic novel "From Hell" written by Alan Moore and presents a convincing story which, despite a little Oliver Stone-Ish, has managed to attach all its loose ends and to present and presentWith a bowl of entertaining chaos, sexual depravity, drug use, madness, murders and love?
Yes, the brothers even managed to slip a little "love" story here, and despite being really developed, I guess it could have been much worse and take more time than what has already beenprovided.
It's true, there is no real need to put a "romance" in a film on a mass murderer!
But that apart from, you must abandon accessories to the extraordinary actor Johnny Depp, who once again has the strength in the character and the capacities of an unfailing actor, to center this film throughout.
Of course, he just plays a less awkward version of his character from Ichabod Crane by Sleepy Hollow, but he does it so well and even added a Michael Caine accent to his mixed bag of towers in it.
I was also surprised to see how much Heather Graham bored me in this film (I was sure that his presence would ruin this film, but she was fine) and how much the dreams / fantasies of DeppTo see with the development of the film (aftercene that I had seen in the trailer, I thought that the filmmakers were going to make it the knot of history, but fortunately, this was not the case).
Lowering, the film does not really explain the entire organization of Freemasons and lack of developing characters.
But then again, a story about the most mysterious serial killer of all time is probably not the ideal place for the refinement of the characters.
I mean, the less I knew each person, the more I am suspect of each of the reasons, reasons, etc ...
In fact, I was actually quite surprised by who was presented as the killer at the end, and it was partly, because of the distance to which I was retained from the characters in the film ... or
Am I giving filmmakers too much credit for something that might not have been their intention?
maybe .
Overall, it is an extremely frightening production, with glorious cinematography (recalling the Dracula of Coppola and Sleepy Hollow by Burton), a dark score and a solid game.
But it's not for everyone.
Some can be completely rejected by the bloody details of these tragic events, and even if the murders are not shown S graphically as you might think, there is enough here to send the delicate doors.
But for a love film that mixes their eclectic visual style with an interesting mystery and a palpable Gothic atmosphere, and this film is just that and much more!
And God knows that I will certainly not give up the burned image of the haunting silhouette of Jack The Ripper and with a silver knife sparkling as soon as ... Brrrrr!
Where does Joblo come from?
The Crow (9/10) - Dark City (9/10) - Dracula (7/10) - JFK (9/10) - The Nightmare Before Christmas (10/10) - The Ninth Gate (8/10) - Leautres(9/10) - Quills (8/10) - Shadow of the Vampire (6/10) - Sleepy Hollow (8/10)