(Note: there are spoilers concerning the peak of the film; the election, of course)
We see Matthew Broderick, a man torn into a primary state; he was unfaithful to his wife, lied and manipulated his students, and by the same game, they lowered his masculinity, his self -respect, his desperate attempt to changethe world.
And yet, he assimilates the cause of his pain, his torment, with Tracy Flick (Reese Witherspoon).
No matter how many students came and left and disappointed it as a educator, it is the real threat.
On the verge of giving in and disclosing that it has only won by a single vote, McCalister de Brooderick turns into defeat, sees the euphoric celebration of Tracy in the outdoor corridor and says: `` non ''.
The fact that he simultaneously covers his ideological illustrates more than the Freudian foundation of law than all men, as obscure, have in their relationships; a traditional expectation of success, to usurp and overcome women as a proverbial industry.
She can't go higher than him.
It will not allow it.
And what is incredible in "the election" is that each word of this criticism is taken from a rather opaque metaphor.
At the beginning of the film, we learn that Tracy was romantically, then sexually, involved with a teacher now deceased.
It was as if Payne and Taylor, his co-screenwriter, had taken Tracy, a desperate girl for friendship, loyalty and almost perverse the mythological model of children so completely rejected by their peers, that they found seatedAt the more appropriate teacher -teacher lunch at an unlikely extreme with her as a protagonist.
And it is incredible the compassion we have; it seems so real to us, and not only because it happened before, splashed everywhere on the first pages, but, because of the "kind" personality of these people, we rejectEasily the really capricious acts of the characters.
It is with "If you's the Teacher" by Mandy Barnett by playing victorious on the closing credits that Payne blurs the principles of her detractors the most; one last viscous injection of sweetness-bitter irony.
Sexuality, however, is not the only basis of Payne satire or its success.
This also makes a revealing point of politics, friendship and class limits.
The satire is required (or should be, anyway) to take itself seriously, or act thus, while the public does not.
It is a thin line to ride, but some films completely ignore it ("Drop Dead Gorgeous" jumping).
Payne and Taylor have touched the right rope; their characters are real people: neither is perfect, but rather the two tracks are erroneous and erroneous individuals who keep a little noble intentions inblade.
We sympathize with them, but still, as a satire, their idiosyncratic behavior and their reprehensible acts, are at the extreme so that the public has knowingly laughing, but also thinking and meditating.
Minus half-point, however, for Payne admitting that he did not see "the day of leave of Ferris Bueller".
never mind .