Cinema has existed for about a hundred years now.?
It is not my job to summarize this century whenever I speak of a new film, but I would like to think that I start to understand more art when I watch more movies before my time.
Recently, I saw the films of Hitchcock, Capra, Fellini, Godard, Kurosawa, Chaplin, Lang and many others.
 These men were talented artists and their films reflect their genius.?
We probably remember him.
 .
 .
Well, a good time.?
I also like this film.?
Yes, is it an action film in the event of a disaster.?
Certainly, his budget is much more money than I will never see in my life.?
And there is no doubt in my mind that the only reason it was designed was to make a lot of money.?
In fact, I bet the producers of Armageddon would have worked towards a ugly film, if they thought it would have been more profitable.
I certainly do not care about their intentions, because Michael Bay (The Rock) is a director so qualified that I doubt that he has ever made a film difficult to pass.
Of course, Skilful Oreen does not complete the package, but the rest of Armageddon manages to keep everything together.
The story is well thought out (and perfectly rhythmic to provide an abundance of action sequences that never feel out of words), the game is great, the script is clear and - get this - there are characters.
Yes, you read that right .
Armageddon has in fact have characters that want you to worry!
If you don't like this film, you have a problem with the genre itself: Armageddon is as good as a film as this can be.
If you have seen a deep impact, you know the basic framework of history.
It turns out that an asteroid the size of Texas will strike the earth eighteen days from the start of the film.
So it is in the U.S. Government to stop it.
 (Why the U. S
Their plan - to send a group of oil drills experienced to the asteroid, pierce several hundred feet and explode a nuclear warhead inside.
The leader is Harry Stamper (Bruce Willis).
His group of men is a colorful group, including A.J
 (Ben Affleck), Chick (Will Patton) and Rockhound (Steve Buscemi).
There is also an interesting triangle formed between A.J, Harry and Grace (Liv Tyler), who is Harry's daughter.
a J
And Grace is, of course, romantically intertwined, and dad is not too satisfied with the situation.
It is absurd to wish a complicated story in an event film or a film of special effects or everything you would like to call Armageddon.
It is not a question of history - it is a question of viscera and action, and thrills and all that.
It is really incidental that the story is consistent and even credible at a distance, because most people will be too wrapped in the explosions to think two seconds about what is really happening.
But the bay is that to be congratulated in this case, because it made a film so entertaining and so lively that I doubt that all director could have done it better.
I think that most of the budget went to the cameras alone, because Bay films each action sequence of about thirty or forty different angles.
Take the spectacular opening scene, for example, in which a meteor shower erases New York.
A meteor flies from the sky and crashes in a building, which sends fireballs in eruption in the air and cars turning like tops on other cars.
The action itself could take five seconds in real life, but Bay so quickly changes that we get the same scene in six different ways.
I like its quick publishing style, because it is abrasive and exhausting to look.
It is also very strong and odious sometimes noisy sometimes.
But it's fun to be sometimes unpleasant.
The special effects of this film are ashamed of all the other blockbuster from 1998.
Deep impact, v Isally, has absolutely nothing on Armageddon, and offering a comparison between the quality of this film and Godzilla is simply laughable.
The special effects are very important in a film like this: if they are not good, then the image is not convincing and the film does not work.
Everything here looks brilliant and explosive - small meteors that break out in the skyscrapers, up to the earth's blows through the rocks in jump on the asteroid approaching in a disturbing way.
The effects that do not seem completely real are always a pleasure to see, and I credit all the people involved for having created the first blockbuster so beautiful that it is really qualified as art.
Of course, all of this would only be a light show higher than the average, if I did not have the impression that Bay cares as much about his characters as his action.
The film lasts two and a half hours, and all this is not spent overwhelming in the numb action.
A large part of the film is dedicated to the development of the sub -intrigues of the different characters.
I will not suggest that they are complex characters, but their problems are real, and the emotions are not presented in a sentimental and dominating way.
In fact, there are three or four scenes here which had suffocated me quite enough, and it is much more than what I can say about Deep Impact, which took place on the parts of its history.
Bruce Willis is great, and I am happy to see him bigger than life (recent turns in films like Mercury Rising have been very disappointing).
Tyler and Affleck are super together and make a convincing couple - all the scenes between them work at a comfortable level.
Patton, who is a magnificent actor, is fortunately not wasted here, and the secondary minor intrigue turning around his ex-wife and his son is very moving.
The comic relief from Buscemi and Peter Stormare (who plays a crazy Russian astronaut) is Nifty and keeps the film living and funny.
I was not challenged to think very hard by looking at Armageddon, and I don't mind too much.
But the film does not insult my intelligence - it is perfectly launched to entertain, that's what it really wants to do.
It is not insane and escaped, but a well -designed cinema.
It may have been created for bad reasons, but men like Michael Bay have my respect to show me that they are interested in doing something good, despite the producers and the budget.
I am not saying that films like this are risky movements.
What I say is that Armageddon is a great strong and expensive film that reminds me that art often comes in the strangest forms.