Most suites do not do what they are supposed to do as the fact "Toy Story 2".
Too much of them end up by re-hash the original and adding very little.
Is it surprising that most of the suites are not up to their predecessors?
Fortunately, "Toy Story 2" is a wonderful exception.
I do not remember the last time that I saw a suite as fun and inventive as it is.
It is still another sign than Pixar, the animation studio acclaimed behind "Toy Story" and "A Bug's Life", is still at the top of his game.
Woody and Buzz are back in the rest of the 1995 "Toy Story" tube, and things have changed a little since the end of the last.
Woody (expressed by Tom Hanks) is preparing to leave with its owner Andy for Cowboy Camp.
In his absence, he awarded Buzz Lightyear (Tim Allen), now comfortable in his role as a toy, to take care of.
Unfortunately, Woody's trip is ruined when he is accidentally put in the sale of family garage and is stolen by a toy collector too zéral (Wayne Knight).
To save him are the buzz and the members of the former "gang of toys", including Mr.Potato Head (Don Rickles), Rex the Nervous Dinosaur (Wallace Shawn), Hamm the Piggy Bicgy (John Ratzenberger) and Slinky Dog(Jim Varney).
In captivity, Woody makes a surprising discovery: it is actually part of a collection of toys based on a children's show from the 1950s entitled "Woody's Roundup".
He meets the other characters of the show, including Jesse (Joan Cusack), his Cowgirl acolyte, the old Sage prospector (Kelsey Grammer) and Bullseye, his faithful horse.
They all awaited the arrival of Woody impatiently, because once their set is finished, they will be sold at a Japanese toy museum, and finally escape storage forever.
This means that Woody is now faced with a difficult choice.
With his friends who come to save him, does he accompany them and he spends a few more years with Andy, or is he going to Japan and is he immortalized forever?
As in the original film, "Toy Story 2" contains a first-rate animation, and Pixar Studios did a remarkable job by improving the impressive work they did there.
It seems that the film is originally planned for a direct video release, but after seeing the improvements that had been made, Disney rightly decided to release it in theaters.
The film is well worth seeing on the big screen.
The colors are bright, the textures clear, and even the human characters seem more "human".
The animation is always transparent, with rapid and furious action and credible facial expressions.
There are so many impressive sequences that I would find impossible to list them here, but I was particularly seduced by a scene where Buzz and his cohorts must cross a animated intersection to go to the Grange of AL toys, the storebelonging to Woody's Crappeur.
The family dog's pixar rendering is also well done, with such a realistic fur that you almost feel that you could reach your hand and touch it.
The vocal work is also perfectly complementary and, as with the first film, does a lot to help more the development of the characters.
Tom Hanks and Tim Allen disappear again in their roles of Woody and Buzz, making you forget who makes the voice.
It was wooded and buzz up there, not Tom and Tim.
All the actors of the original resume their roles, and everyone is excellent.
Several new voices have been added, Joan Cusack, Kelsey Grammer and Wayne Knight doing a good job.
 "Toy Story 2" is solid in characterization and is able to develop what we have seen in the first film.
Woody faces difficult choices, while Buzz is faced with a new buzz that has not yet made his toy status, forcing him to see what he looked like.
The new characters are also fairly well developed, especially Jesse, who tells a flashback helped to Sarah McLachlan illustrating how she was loved, then forgotten by her owner.
He can be animated by computer, and he can have Sappy music , but it's downright touching.
The script, despite a story and a scenario credited with four different writers, is infinitely intelligent and inventive, especially since it is a sequel.
The reason why "Toy Story 2" works where other films suites fail is that it refuses to simply capitalize on the success of the original by redoing the same story and using the same characters.
not this one.
We get a character change, new characters and new problems raised.
 "Toy Story 2" is also remarkable for the way he continues to reinvent himself.
There is always another intelligent idea that is just waiting at the corner of the street here.
The humor is lively and full of mind, with something to amuse children and adults.
There are funniest on films such as "Star Wars" and "Jurassic Park", among others, new taken on classic toys like Barbie and Rock 'Em Sock' Em Robots, and the appearances of other effortsPixar "A Bug's Life" and The1997 Short "Geri's Game".
 (Geri himself appears as a toys repairer who repairs Woody's broken arm.)
The action is fast and furious, and the prosecutions (in the street, in a toy store, in an elevator, on a luggage carousel and on an airplane) continue to become bigger and better.
 "Toy Story 2" never stagnates, because there is always something new to keep your interest.
The more you pay attention, the more rewarding it is.
It is rare to see a film like "Toy Story 2", because it is the kind of film that is almost impossible to hate.
It is created only to entertain, and although I appreciate a drama that stimulates the reflection as much as the next person, it is pleasant to see that the films always try to do exactly what the films have first tried to do:Send us a smile.
It is a fair bet that the whole family will have smiles on their collective faces after seeing "Toy Story 2".It is the rare follows which manages to develop and respect the original.