A cinematographic version of one of John Irving's novels is always a cause of celebration even if, as in the case of "Simon Birch", the treatment is simply "suggested", rather than strictly based on the book.
suggested means that IRVING, author of the famous "The World according to Garp", sold the rights to his novel "A Prayer for Owen Meany" with the Disney machine for $ 1 million, but will not grant them the permission ofUse the title or one of the names of characters either.
It is a strange decision - the affirmations which are to protect itself and the novel - but it is a person who does not unduly harm the finished product.
Irving's books are rich and complex works, full of intriguing and colorful characters.
 "A prayer for Owen Meany" is no exception; he tells the story of an unusual boy - called Simon Birch in the cinematographic version - who is unusually small in stature and has an acute falsetto voice, "like strangled mice".
Simon believes he is "the instrument of God", placed on this earth to actually the plan of God.
Simon is played by Ian Michael Smith, who suffers from a rare enzymatic disorder known as Morquio syndrome which, among other things, prevents bones, ligaments and joints from developing normally.
Smith's debilitating disease makes him an obvious physical choice for "Simon Birch"; however, the form of prefabricated producers compared to the function - Smith's actor capacities are at best limited.
Another drawback is that in the book, Simon's state is described how Irving describes one of his characters - in careful and loving details.
Watching "Simon Birch", however, creates a completely different feeling; the public is forced to a voyeuristic relationship with the character, which Irving would certainly not have wanted.
Simon himself tends to be too cute and irritating, a combination of Smith's recruit status as an actor and early liners that he is forced to deliver, graciously of Mark Steven Johnson, director and screenwriter of the film.
Fortunately, Simon Birch is not the real star of the film that bears his name.
Simon is more a catalyst, allowing his co-stars to shape history, and the actors who fulfill these roles to transform exceptional support performance, saving the film from a manipulated and manipulative destiny.
Joseph Mazzello ("Jurassic Park") is above all, which is nothing less than remarkable as Simon's best friend, Joe.
Mazzello transforms a performance wonderfully into diapers for a 14 -year -old child, laughing, pain and tears; it is certainly an emerging talent.
Ashley Judd radiates positively in her role as Rebecca, of Joe's single mother, and Oliver Platt is warm and tender as a boyfriend, Ben.
David Strathairn and Jan Hooks play the Reverend and the City School teacher respectively and their contributions support the high standards established by the others.
There is even a surprising but effective unbeaned cameo performance ...
Well, it would be revealing.
Perhaps "suggested by" the novel is the appropriate path to follow after all, because "Simon Birch" is only focused on a chapter, a year, of Simon's extraordinary life.
The film also changes the end of the book to the one more melodramatic, but necessary given the lot of Simon.
The flavor of Irving's original novel remains however - the passions, friendships and insecurity that come with a change of seasons to the small community of Trempestown, Maine, and the strange engaging, large and small, which live there.