Well, I will be damned, what an excellent surprise.
Not to be confused with the lower Campy and Far remake of 1988 with the former Star of Porno Traci Lords, this more recent attempt to redo the Schlockfest drive-in of the 1950s is not a real gem and was most likelyThe best science fiction film of 1995.
Once again, the king of film B Roger Corman is at the origin of this effort (he directed the original), but this time, he appears only in the role of executive producer.
The rest of the crew and distribution are relative unknowns.
It seems criminal that the film was published directly to video in most countries, because it is an absolute essential for fans of science fiction and a treat for all those who enjoy thrillers decently played and written with a slopepuff.
The plot in short.
Paul Johnson (Michael York) is a stranger pretending to be an eccentric millionaire who, although he needs to kill people to live, is visiting the Earth for reasons far from the gutters.
His race dies of a mysterious blood disease and he desperately tries to find a cure, whose key lies in humans' blood.
He soon visited and puts under his spell the blood doctor respected.
He also has the doctor convinces the intelligent and sexy nurse Amanda (Elizabeth Barondes) to move in with Johnson as a private nurse in order to give her the blood transfusions he constantly needs.
But for a long time, the release of a shady driver of Amanda and Johnson that Johnson is much more than just eccentric.
I must admit that my first preview of the video cover for not this land was not encouraging.
British actor Michael York has appeared in real stinks in recent decades, far from the quality price of his youth like Caberat (1972).
But his performance here as a foreigner in human disguise is simply exceptional.
Strange twitches and bizarre speeches, elegant clothes and cool glasses, the unexpected pathos he invests in his character.
York is in turn hilarious, threatening and tragic.
It is a tour de force and simply the best performance I have seen from him.
And although it is obviously made with a modest budget, the film has enormous forces.
The cast is perfect, the game is great and the script is intelligent, full of mind and always engaging, intelligently updated the original.
The balance of horror and humor is roughly perfect, a contrast marked with the previous remake of 1988.
The film does not drag for a second of its duration of 90 minutes thanks to the tight edition and the safe hand of the little -known director Terrance H.sans nod.
And it doesn't matter that the special effects are cheesy - it's Schlock after all, even if it is a high class Schlock.
In fact, my only criticism of the film is that things become a little weak towards the end.
A tighter direction could have given more emergency to the highest point and some of the characters act rather illogically given their deadly situation.
But these are minor complaints.
See it.
Not of this land is one of the biggest science fiction surprises in years.
And Michael York: In a cool swoop, you made a legend of the film B, guy.