Long Kiss Goodnight (R) Meryl Streep tried it and failed.
Even Pamela Anderson Lee attempted an attempt but fell flat on her well -style active ingredients.
However, Geena Davis could very well become the first star of the American banking action with The Long Kiss Goodnight, an absurd but incredibly funny action thriller led by her husband, Renny Harlin.
Davis embodies Samantha Caine, a suburban school teacher and a mother whose memories only go back to eight years.
With the help of the ethically questionable private detective Mitch Hennessey (Samuel L. Jackson), she remembers slowly - and recovers - that she had passed as Charly Baltimore, as an Optation of Hard CIA.
Needless to say, with the reappearance of Samantha / Charly comes the appearance of an assortment of no-gooodniks to erase more than his memory.
Shane Black reported a cost of $ 4 million for his script; I don't know if his prose really deserves such a high price, but for what is worth, he delivers the goods.
Like the previous work of Black, like Lethal Weapon and The Last Boy Scout, the script juggles with impressive action scenes with a funny and original dialogue.
Humor works above all well in this case, because the story is so absurd that laughter helps to prevent things from taking things too seriously.
But there is no argument that the most incredible sequences are original and entertaining like hell: who can resist the sight of Davis throwing his daughter in her house in the hut in the nearby treesor in pursuit of a car ...
During the ice skate?
Jackson and Davis make a good team.
Jackson is funnier like never so always; in fact, his animated line deliveries, especially when he appears for the first time, recall more than his work of Jules in Pulp Fiction.
As good as him, the one who should benefit the most from this project is Davis, who shows a lot of promises as an actionherine of action.
What makes her so effective and why she should succeed where Streep and Lee failed is that she does not take herself too seriously.
She is obviously in the joke, tremendously taking blows on herself and the situation.
This does not mean that she does not need work - sometimes she goes to bed on the "tenacity" a little too thick and stands out too much as a caricature.
But if the public embraces the film and, in turn, the notion of a kick, Davis could have found her special niche.
It seems that the first collaboration of Davis and Harlin, the middle of the middling pirate Epic Cutthroat, was only a general rehearsal (although very expensive) for Long Kiss, in which the team of the wife-Marin struckhis stride of action.
Anyone who is just looking for fun and escaped entertainment that requires little or no reflection will find this film as a kiss more than well-being.