Clint Eastwood, in its mature old age, takes a talent for another.
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a film led by Eastwood, Clint is not even there, and it's damn good.
Adapted from a successful John Berendt novel based on real events, this film takes place in the bizarre city of Savannah, the city of Georgia, where people walk on invisible dogs and attach horses to their heads.
And it's just the mayor.
As a director and producer, Eastwood contributes to a self-indulgent but very competent 150 minutes, carefully balancing drama, suspense and humor.
Like all the great films, Midnight in the Garden has a lot of fun moments that arise from the characters themselves, not from an artificial juvenile intrusion.
The actor, large -scale stars John Cusack and Kevin Spacey, is as good as you can imagine, but it is the support team that gives the film its quirky charm.
CUSACK embodies a freelance journalist sent to Savannah to write a downward story for Town & Country magazine on one of the eccentric holidays Millionaire Spacey.
Lots of food, drinks and cannons play.
Yes, a Spacey employee has a huge argument in front of Cusack and turns out to be dead later.
It seems to be a simple question of self -defense - the guy threatened Spacey, shot him, missed, then Spacey released it - but being a film, there is much more than that, and Cusack decides toStay in Villeet write a book on murder, a book that will eventually become a film in which it will play.
The strange entertainment circle.
This is where the stable of support characters comes into play.
There is the sexy woman required (the daughter of the nepotist "Eastwood), the strange piano, the voodoo woman and the traves.
Miss Chablis deserves a paragraph of him, as a thief of each scene in which she appears - what would be this film without the Castilian scene and his testimony?
Chablis, playing herself, is five times funnier than the Drag Queen Rupaul, but never seems to be exploited like the comic relief of the film or out of words in a fundamentally serious film.
There is also a good part of audience scenes, which, nowadays, almost never seem welcome in a film, but even here, Clint manages to keep the fascinating film.
Admittedly, the characterizations of the judge and the lawyer of Spacey both help, as well as doing the Guy de Mouche as a foreman of the jury.
It is here that we realize that the case comes down to an indictment of the homosexuality of Spacey.
Yes, Spacey had sex with the dead man - before he pulls it, of course.
Midnight in the garden of good and evil is not a classic, but it is one of the best adaptations of bestsellers made on celebrities.
Likewise, no one in this film will get appointments to the Oscars, but the performances are all excellent.
In fact, I would almost recommend that the Academy add a category of best support transvisitis.
Serve America for more than 1 / 25th of a century!