The saint was actually a little better than what I expected, in some ways.
In this theatrical remake of the television series The Saint, and its suite of the series The Return of the Saint, Val Kilmer embodies Simon Templar, an elusive thief who earns his life by stealing things to others for others.
This film is closely like a James Bond film.
He has classic liaison symbols: a man who can do anything and get away with it, a woman that man persists, a villain to achieve something for him who kills anyone to achieve this goal.
Kilmer actually provides a fairly good role in this film, although you are sometimes able to think about how it comes out of the many tight situations.
The film begins in his childhood in a strict school led by Catholic priests.
As a young boy, the character of Kilmer appreciated magic and often turned from his school work.
It is until his school teacher finds him reading a book and demands that the young boy proclaims his name, that of a Catholic Saint.
He refuses to do so and announces to the place he wishes to be.
This leads to a devastating error, which will remain in his mind throughout his life.
The first mission of Kilmer that we are shown is to steal a micropuce from Ivan Tretiak, played by Rade Serbedzija.
During a press conference, he had to go to a highly guarded vault area, avoiding guards, cameras and many other potential obstacles.
Once his mission is finished and he is at home safely, the costs are paid.
When he connects to his bank account and finds that he is only a few million dollars at less than $ 50 million, he decides to carry out one more mission, then to his retirement.
Dr.emma Russell, represented by Elisabeth Shue, discovered a means of producing energy through cold fusion.
This new progression would change the world and save thousands of lives in the regions of Russia, where millions of people are without heat and freeze to death.
The only problem is that Tretiak would like to have this for itself and use it to gain power among people.
This presents the option to killer to reach its goal.
Tretiak hires her to steal the equations, small pieces of paper, shue.
One of the pleasant features of the film is the costumes that Kilmer Dawns to complete his missions.
They are very convincing, not only for the characters in the film, but for us.
Kilmer uses such a disguise to attract the character of Shue to know him even more, which would provide him with a way to steal the energy formula.
When the two meet and end up having a sensual experience, the character of Kilmer apparently falls in love with Emma Russell, while she falls in love with the alter-ego of Kilmer, a traveling artist.
However, he must achieve his goal of $ 50 million, which forces him to steal the energy formula, putting his feelings aside.
The character of Shue is ultimately capable of finding Simon Templar by bringing together the pieces (the names of the Catholic saints), something that no one else can do.
When she finds it, they have to team up and collect the energy formulas from Tretiak.
The saint is very full of action, with few slow points.
The sound was very well done and added to the many intense moments.
During the film, there are even a few, although brief moments of comedy.
These moments are almost always thanks to the very convincing costumes and personalities of Kilmer.
Overall, a fairly pleasant film with an almost non -stop action.