I am a fan passionate about the "extraterrestrial" saga, so this review is obviously a little biased (at least I admitted it).
Of course, it does not mean that I will give a four-star review or something, because "Alien: Resurrection", the fourth film in the Cool-As-Hell series is not an absolutely incredible film, many like bothfirst were.
However, it is a very good film that never fails to entertain and consists of another mutation in the style of the series.
In short, I had a good time.
 "Alien: Resurrection" left 200 years after the last, where our heroine protagonist, Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), the response of the kind of science fiction to Job, had killed himself after discovering that an extraterrestrial wasInside his body, waiting to sautéing it did it to John Hurt in the first.
Of course, the last was not very big or anything (I liked it, but not as much as the first two), and more importantly, it did not succeed financially (a Tawdry 55 millionDollars!).
So, we are, with Ripley back like a clone, which means that we get another satirical little look at cloning (not that it is a bad thing, but it becomes a cliché).
It is therefore cloned aboard an even more futuristic ship called "Auriga" by certain doctors (including the necessary bad government, Dr. Wren, played by Jjoué by none other than Brad Douriff), mainly becauseThey have a version of her with the stranger still in her.
Once you have exceeded the fact that you cannot understand where they got his blood (although I think it could be blood samples taken by Charles Dance in the third), the film is correct.
Also on board are a strip of mercenary pirates, including Michael Wincott, Ron Perlman, Kim Flowers, Raymond Cruz, Dominique Pinon (a Sytable Jeunet) and ... Winona Ryder, who plays an analé call, who turns outWith secret (I won't say it, but unless you have run up with Salinger for two years, you probably know everything about this - although it is well covered).
There is a bit of a non -sexual but slightly homotic relationship between her and Ripley, but she never really deepens.
too bad .
Well, as you may have guessed, the stranger and his laying escape and run around the ship.
And this is almost removing most people from the ship (including a few shocks - Dan Hedaya, for example, who is death is comical but sad because, well, it is Dan Hedaya), and the remaining people (about 7or 8) are left to try to escape and prevent the extraterrestrials from hurting badly since the ship quickly heads towards the earth.
Of course, the plot is all balderdash, and just an excuse for a good old extraterrestrial pleasure.
The real objective of the series seems to be on the style, not really the substance (although there is always a little, especially in "Aliens" with the relationship between Ripley and the little girl).
What is interesting in the series is that each film is stylistically different in its approach.
 "Alien" is a claustrophobic exercise in silent dread.
 "Aliens" is a wild and tense thriller.
 "Alien 3" is a dark and bad mood of semi-black.
 "Alien 4" is a bit like a offbeat French film, filled with a lot of humor and cool crèche.
Jean-Pierre Jeunet (without his usual director, Marc Caro) creates a ship filled with the kinds of films from films like "Das Boot", with echoes alluding to a possible threat.
The chills of the film are really cool, especially with music, which is sometimes completely refused for certain scenes (there is the most tense surgery scene from "Face / Off" to the start).
And not all chills are transformed into a bloody disorder or something like that.
All this combined with a good old humor makes this as visually and stylistically interesting as others. There are even a few scenes which then exceed the rest as being brilliantly executed.
One is the aforementioned surgery scene.
Another takes place between Call and Ripley, which is simply great.
The scene of the underwater pursuit and the scales then are one of the most tense, the most exciting and the most breathtaking scenes of the whole saga (with a small allusion to the previous film of Jeunet, "Delicatessen").
And as they do in the final extraterrestrial is hysterically cool (with a good allusion to "Goldfinger").
But the best scene in the whole film (I'm sure I'm not the first to mention it) takes place when Ripley sees all the variations on her while they were cloning her (she has an "8" Tatooed on her arm).
It could be the most emotionally stimulating scene of the whole saga.
The scenario of Joss Whedon is not an excellent job, because it never spent many characters.
However, that makes us worry about most of them, so that when there are very few of them, and it seems that one or more of them become an extraterrestrial chow, we have enoughfear.
And, yes, there are very funny lines (Ripley: "Who should I kiss to get off this boat?!"
Johner: "Well, I can remove you.
But not this ship. ")
The game is good all around, with exceptional performances by Ron Perlman as a Pig Johner Chauvenist, and Leland Orser (poor Bastad in "Se7en" which interpreted sin "lust") like a Wannabe Woody Allen of "Luxure"anxious who was a foreigner in him.
Winona Ryder is good, but not incredible as she is usually (even if she takes care of the film).
Of course, and as usual, Sigourney Weaver steals the show.
Playing a variation on the character of Ripley (less emotional, and more rude and bitter), she removes it while being completely adorable.
She will not get an nodal appointment as she did for "Aliens", but she is simply great.
Overall, it is an exciting and entertaining film that is not really surprised like the first two, but which is much more surprising than the third episode.
The style is the best part of the film, which is not really a bad thing, but it is the best part that removes a large part of the depth that the film sometimes tries to apply.
But it is entertaining like hell, and it is really fit for the "Alien" series.