Capsule: Comedy that follows its own ruthless logic almost until the end ...
But not without giving a lot of authentic laughs.
Most comedies today have a defect.
They are not funny.
They think they are funny, but they are devoid of something really penetrating or ignoble.
Sometimes a good funny film sneaks before the preconceived Hollywood ideas of humor and we get a real gem: ruthless people, for example, who have established a microcosm of a configuration and played it to the end.
Liar Liar is built in the same way and is about as funny.
It is one of the few films that I saw where I regularly laughed almost throughout the process: instead of a few sets that inspired a laugh (think of the mortal fun instinct), the whole film works likeClockwork.
Jim Carrey plays a great power lawyer, to whom lying is as natural as breathing.
There is, however, one thing that he takes seriously: his son, and we can feel the affection they have immediately.
But his wife is divorced and sees another man, and now it seems that they can move away together.
The son goes with them, of course.
The film sets up this early material with good timing and a remarkable balance between the exaggerated character of Jim Carrey with reality.
Then, the plot enters into action: after being snowdown (not deliberately) by his father on his birthday, the kid makes a wish when he blows birthday candles: that for a day, dad cannot lie.
He obtains the wish.
What is happening next is the side.
Everything turns into confrontation: when it is stuck by a tramp for a little change, he shouts: "No!
I don't give you money because I know you spend it on alcohol!
All I want to do is go to the office without having to overcome the debris of our decaying society! "
He cannot even enter an elevator without winning a black butter eye.
And what is worse, he has now put an expensive divorce regulations which obliges him to twist the truth as sculpture by abstract wire.
Carrey, which I used to find Fadnny, improved in his schtick, even if it is limited.
He uses it with great effect in this film.
There is a scene where he tries to test his ability to lie and almost demolished his office in the process (there is a smile that is going through my face right now, remembering the scene).
He cannot even write the lie; his fingers contract, his body loops like someone prey to poisoning cyanide, and when he tries to speak, it is as if he were talking in languages.
Just as funny is a scene where he fights in a pulp (do not ask why), try to drink water to avoid having explosions in the courtroom (she fails, with semi-previsible results), and ends up biting the ball when it is called in the conference room so that everyone asks him what they think.
This scene alone can force people to stop the band for minutes.
The film supports its laughs and also its flashes of insight until almost the end.
A shame too, because the film insists on having a great ridiculous culminating point which involves the character of Carrey who brought an airplane closer to a motorized staircase, then breaking the leg, etc. A simple reconciliation would make it'affair.
Why is this stupid repressed apogeée still compulsory?
This is not even part of the real program of the film.
Fortunately, Liar Liar survives, just like Carrey.
Maybe they were merciful to reflection.
If I had laughed, I might needed an iron lung.