There are good and bad news on Mulan.
The positive is that Disney found a joyful environment between the strong task of Pocahontas and the hunchback of Notre Dame and the child of Hercules.
On the other hand, the studio draws all stops on the clichés of the intrigue and cheap laughter, several steps from the little mermaids and beauty and the beast.
But Mulan is a step in the right direction and the best animated characteristic of Disney from the Lion King.
After giving Pocahontas to the Amerindians, Disney decided to give a film to the Asians.
Mulan takes place in feudal China and presents the always popular heroine who heads for a different drum and wants to do more with her life than getting married.
This is what we discover when the young Mulan (Voice of Minga Wen) bursts her appointment with the contribution, leaving a cricket thoroughly splashing the coffee on her.
cartoons ...
Meanwhile, the word has just tried that a man in each family must join the army and help fight the Huns.
Since Mulan is a girl, it means that her old decrepit old father must go.
She pleads with the soldiers to have mercy on my dear old dad, but this kind of ramp and despair is shame for her family.
It's Chinese culture for you ...
So imagine how embarrassed the family the next day when they find that Mulan stole the uniform and the sword of his father and escape to join the army in his place.
The film in a word concerns the breaches of being a woman in the army.
He should have been called G.I.
Chang.
Mulan calls his ancestors for help.
They decide to invoke the great stone dragon in the courtyard to protect it, but a mini dragon named Mushu screws it up.
Expressed by Eddie Murphy, Mushu continues the tradition of cute animal acolytes that do more harpstick than good for their human charges.
Murphy's performance is a direct descendant of Robin Williams to Aladdin - a lot of Wisecracks and Ad -Libs and even an introductory song how much they will have fun.
You have never had a friend like Mushu.
Speaking of songs, Mulan does not have too much, which is a plus with a story like this.
Disney's songs on war would probably not go too well ("Height Ho, Height Ho, left for war I."), And those they have are not memorable.
The best of the group, sad to say, is "Be a man", the basic training song song.
Yes, even in medieval China, they had to cross this network of car tires before being ready for the battle.
Sung by Donnie Osmond (a bad sign if there was one), "be a man" accompanies images of the peloton of Mulan passing from the visks to the heroes.
It makes me ask me, has there ever been a musical editing in a film that ended badly?
I only hope that real problems could be resolved in two minutes with an energetic assembly.
For the curious, Mulan passes for a man in the army despite a girl.
All she does to transform is sewn her hair in a sexy shoulder length, talk about macho and slap guys on the buttocks, just like men a thousand years ago in China.
The deception deceives everyone except the public, who thinks she could be able to pass for a 12 -year -old boy, at best.
But she manages to hit the biggest shots in Hun's army, led by a large monster with an attail to evil eyes.
As a bad guy, the head of the Huns is threatening, evil and entirely forgettable.
I saw the film yesterday and I don't remember the name of the man.
Otherwise, Mulan is a good film.
The animation of the characters themselves is not as rich as it could and should be, but there are incredible photos on the battlefield.
Eddie Murphy achieves good one-liners, just like other star voices like Harvey Prierstein and Pat Morita, the Asian film star par excellence.
Hell, George "Mr. Sulu" Takei made a voice in Mulan.
You have the meaning that Disney says to himself: "okay , let's go there and find ourselves from Chinese Americans in Hollywood.
Who can you think of? "
 "Well, there is Mr. Myagi ..."
 " GOOD . "
 "And Mr. Sulu."
 " Perfect .
We have a film now. "
Soon Disney will be able to paint with all the colors of the wind.