I had the chance to see an overview of City Slickers II on campus last night.
I entered awaiting a film with the similar flavor which made the original such a success: personal growth and the insightful humor on life.
I left somewhat disappointed in this regard, obtaining part of the latter and not much from the first.
The basic intrigue revolves around Billy Crystal, who embodies Mitch Robbins, being forty years old.
He has now become the director of the station of the radio station in which he worked in the original.
He gave a job at the radio station to his best friend, played by Daniel Stern, by sympathy while the character of Stern works with his divorce.
His younger loser brother (John Lovitz) comes to Mitch to make a lifestyle and a place to live, while while Mitch and his wife try to celebrate his birthday.
During the celebration, Mitch discovers what seems to be a treasure card in the old Curly hat (The Cattle Drive in the original played by Jack Palance).
After a business trip to Las Vegas, Crystal, Stern and Lovitz stay a few more days to go in search of the Treasury.
On the way, they meet Curly's twin brother, Duke, played by (you know who) Jack Palance.
First of all, the cinematography was beautifully achieved, in particular the external scenes of the desert.
The scenes are such that I would like to see some of these views filmed myself.
There is a certain development of characters during the film.
The actors remain faithful to their characters and play them well, without overcoming the jokes.
The film is a good basic adventure, with enough twists and turns to provide for an end difficult to predict.
The film is well punctuated, but with a few slow points in the middle and towards the end.
Regarding humor, the film has a good number of jokes that have maintained my interest throughout the film.
There are memorable moments like when Stern is bitten by a snake, but there are fewer jokes to laugh later (surprise, surprise for a suite, right?).
However, the slight bitter aftertaste that I have with this film must mainly do with the manipulation of the public by the film.
The film tries to shoot your hearts too much about the proximity of the characters with each other, as when Mitch had decided to suck the snake marrow from the buttocks of his best friend.
This is done again when the gang meets some members of the original cattle drive group.
There were also certain parts which seemed unrealistic, as if the jostling began as it did or why they were not more worried about water during the trip to the desert.
Intense stretching of the imagination are necessary here.
Since the gang's goal is to find gold and become rich (unlike being at the average age as in the original), I also found more difficult to sympathize with the characters during theirjourney.
Overall, I would say that the film is an entertaining and humorous adventure with gaps of tales, which makes it less worthy than the original.
This can be worth the total price of admission, but one morning would be a better deal.