Scarface, a remake of the 1932 film of the same name, is a very striking and, as far as I know, a true story to the way power and violence lead to corruption.
Al Pacino, as Tony Montana (for whom the film is named), also provides a brilliant performance as a Cuban refugee who comes to America with less than nothing and becomes one of the most respected drug lords and themore feared by Miami.
Oliver Stone also wrote the script in one of his previous writing roles.
The film begins by disclosing the story of now Fidel Castro has ordered the thousands of Cubans to move and head to the coasts of the United States.
Many of these Cubans had a criminal record, like Tony Montana, an arrogant man who has a crime look.
Almost just after his arrival in Miami, Tony is plunged into the life of the gangster when he participates in a cocaine purchase that goes badly.
With his friend and partner, Manolo (Steven Bauer), Tony gets up in the rows of gangster when they tie a friendship with Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia), a high roller in the field of organized crime.
Tony is also starting to fall in love with Elvira (Michelle Pfeiffer), who at the time was Frank's lover.
Of course, sooner or later in this industry, betrayal and corruption are more important than anything else, and Tony is one of those who are victims of this force.
It is not before he became one of the most respected men and often fearing in Miami.
Tony comes to the point where he cannot trust anyone, and all those he knows essentially feel the same thing towards him.
No one can trust him, and fundamentally, no one does.
Scarface, although incredibly violent, is one of the best criminal films of his time and stands out like another great performance for Al Pacino.
Although he has received no recognition from the Academy for his performance, it is really a very good.
In fact, his accent and facial movements alone are sufficient in my mind to gain at least one appointment (although he has obtained a appointment to the Golden Globe).
Another element that stands out when someone mentions this film is blasphemy.
A figure marked in the film boasts that the word "fucks" and its uses are pronounced 206 times throughout the film, which is apparently a disc.
The fact is that vulgarity corresponds rather well to the film.
As strange as it may seem, it's true.
In the end, Scarface is a very powerful film that strikes hard at home.