In December 1996, a short film entitled "Scream" was released, became a Smash at the box office and resurrected films targeting adolescents.
First of all, these are Slasher Teen films that were the big modes (the two films "Scream" ", I know what you did last summer", "Urban Legend", etc.), but recently, popularity has gone to the comedy teenager (the 80s John Hughes), starting with "Can't Hardly Wait" last June.
It may be the first week of April 1999, but so far this year, we have received a film for the 25-year-old and less every week: "Varsity Blues", "Jawbreaker", "Cruel Intentions"," "Simply irresistible", "The Rage: Carrie 2" and "The Mod Squad".
April 9 is two others of this type: "Never Been Kissée" and "Go", and on April 23, we have satire for adolescents "election" and horror comedy for adolescents "Idle Hands".
Jeesh!
Of all these movements, however, the one that is most similar to the last incarnation, "10 Things i hate about you", is last January, Ho-Hum "She's all that".
Although similar in conspiracy (OK, damn identical), "10 Things i Hate Abs you", a modern version of "The Taming of the Shrew" by Shakespeare ("She is all that is inspired by" Pygmalion "), isAn infinitely superior film in each department, from intelligent direction by the first feature Gil Junger to the charming and well written script by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith to the striking overall distribution, which gives the best performance group in a comedy forAdolescents since "The Breakfast Club" of 1985.
And to top it all, in the inevitable highest point taking place at the ball, at least we did not have to suffer once again through a sequence of clumsy and inappropriate dance (which could forget or want to remember,Elsewhere, this ridiculous development in "Is it all that?").
The day with a wide and shy eyes, the new student Cameron James (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) begins school in Padua High, based in Seattle, he was swept away at the sight of the beautiful and popular sophomore, Bianca Stratford (Larisa Oleynik).
Although he does not know French, he deliberately learns just about it so that he can the tutor, but finds that his father paranoid gynecologist (Larry Miller) will not allow him to go out until his bitter and bitter sisterUnconventional, Kat (Julia (Juliastiles), a senior, decides.
Kat, of course, has sworn boys, but Cameron offers to find someone who will be the perfect match for her, which he finds exactly in the form of the rebel Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger).
Compliating things, Cameron's stupid friend, Michael (David Krumholtz), decides to use a wealthy jock, Joey (Andrew Keegan), who also has views of Bianca, as a pawn to pay Patrick forMay Kat get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat forGoing out to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to get out of Kat to go out with Kat to go out with Kata with him, then Cameron hopes to fly Bianca far from Joey.
As you can see, "10 things I hate about you" understands a large number of characters, some of which I have not even mentioned, like the friend obsessed with Kat, Mandella (Susan May Pratt) andThe materialist comrade of Bianca, Chasty, Chasty (Gabrielle Union).
With a short but well -used operating time of 98 minutes, all the characters are perfectly manipulated, developed satisfactorily and, for the most part, are not treated as caricatures (another defect in "it is all", where theBad guys (and girls) were constantly running by saying: "You are vapor").
As I could sympathize with the realistic representations of the central characters, and as many comic and dramatic scenes were surprisingly effective, I was completely caught in all the relationships and I was completely entertained.
Aside from a good scenario, it is the performances that can make or defeat a film, and the director Jernger really hit the jackpot.
Aside from Joseph Gordon-Levitt ("3rd rock K of the sun "), which gives its strongest performance to this day here, none of the actors is so known, but it is this aspect which brings a particular freshness to the procedure.
As a main character in Kat, Julia Stiles (seen for the last time in the mini-series "The 60s") is wonderful and always credible, and certainly has a bright future ahead of her.
Even if it is its role which is initially the most difficult and the most harshly, it was easy to identify with the way of thinking of Kat (it is against the silly tradition of the ball and likes to read Sylvia Plath), and JI completely admired his individuality.
No one, I think, could have portrayed it as perfectly as Stiles.
Heath Ledger, as a sadly famous Bad-Garçon in the city, injects a lot of life to Patrick and has a lot of chemistry with Stiles.
Another actor to note is Larisa Oleynik who, with the help of Lutz and Smith writers, is able to transform Bianca into a person with multi-dimensions, even if he is precisely egocentric in the set.
In a truthful scene, Cameron asks her angry if she has always been so selfish, and Bianca reluctantly realizes that she did.
A quirky element of the film, and a source of generous laughter, is the way in which the school staff, who is surprisingly unusual.
Allison Janney, as a MS.Perky orientation advisor, who writes a romance novel by Harlequin Trash, is Comic Dynamite, just like Daryl "Chill" Mitchell as a English teacher, who reads Shakespeare in the classRap and, at some point, sends Kat to the office because, for once, she actually thinks that one of her missions is really good.
Although there are a few cheap laughs that are thrown into the film towards the start, most really work, especially in the exchanges of humorous and full -minded dialogue and the oddities between the characters.
In a very funny scene, Chasty asks: "I know people can be overwhelmed, and they can be disappointed, but can people simply be ...
At another moment, Bianca and Kat's father (a Larry Miller), who is constantly terrified that his daughters will fall into the heavy costume he has, so she will have an idea of what is to be to bepregnant.
 "10 things I hate
This also helps that the film has a perfectly assembled soundtrack, mixing Indie-Rock with the songs of the 80s of New Wave (and with, thank God, no rap).
At the end of the film, he made me root that some characters come together, and I was also very satisfied with the way everything was wrapped, especially in the final stages involving Kat and Bianca, Kat and his father,And an impeccable accomplishment the moving sequence in which Kat gets up to read the poem she wrote for her English class (this is where the title comes from).
Fortunately, I doubt that I would be able to find ten things that I hate about "10 things I hate in your home", but the positive aspects of the film from afar ten.