Good films are difficult to find these days.
The great films are beyond rare.
Proof of life, Russell Crowe's punch of a skillful and skillful rescue thriller is one of these rare gems.
A tense drama with a strong and subtle actor, an intelligent script and a masterful direction, it offers together something practically unknown in the film industry these days, a real motivation in a story that sounds true.
Consider the strange coincidence of the character of Russell Crowe in proof of life by taking the steps on a distraught woman played by the character of Meg Ryan in the film - while being the real Russell Crowe with a married woman Meg Ryan in theoutside world.
I have not seen as much chemistry between the actors since McQueen and McGraw joined in the masterpiece of Peckinpah, The Getaway.
But enough with the gossip, let's go to the review.
The film revolves around the kidnapping of Peter Bowman (David Morse), an American engineer working in South America who is kidnapped during a mass ambush of civilians by anti-government soldiers.
After discovering his identity, the rebel soldiers decide to rank him for $ 6 million.
The only problem is that the company for which Peter Bowman works is to be sold at auction, and no one will advance with money.
Without the choice at his disposal, the wife of Bowman, Alice (Ryan), commits Terry Thorne (Crowe), a negotiator and a highly qualified rescue agent, to organize the return of her husband.
But when things go wrong - as they always do in these situations - Terry and his team (which includes the most surprising casting of the year: David Caruso) take matters into hand.
The film is remarkable in that it takes this very simple story and creates a complex and intelligent vehicle focused on the characters filled with well -written dialogues, nuances of motivation and convincing actor by all the actors.
The script is based both on a book (The Long March to Freedom) and a magazine article concerning removal / ransom situations, and the story was strongly reconstructed by Tony Gilroy, screenwriter of the devil Advocate and Dolores Claiborne.
The biggest surprise for me was not the chemistry between Crowe and Ryan, but that between Crowe and David Caruso.
Released from B-Movie hell, Caruso succeeds in courageous performance as a right hand pistol of Crowe while providing most of the humor of the film.
Ryan mourns a lot and smokes too many cigarettes, David Morse ends up making everyone in the Guerilla camp hates him, and Crowe offers another memorable actor as a stoic character and Gunslinger of Terry Thorne.
The most memorable pieces in the film are in its action scenes.
Most of these scenes, which tighten the film, work extremely well as establishment and closure devices for all the characters in history.
The scenes are skillfully designed and executed with incredible precision and balance.
Director Taylor Hackford mixes his old -fashioned cinema style with the dizziness of a film Lars von Trier.
The proof of life is an action film of a man who thinks.
It is a film on the choices that men and women face love and war, and the sacrifices that we make for these choices - the sacrifices that help you sleep at night.