Subseed films are a common reappearance in the show business today.
`` Hope Floors '' from 1998 was extremely underestimated and was one of the best films of the year.
We always get films that earn a lot of money at the box office, but the critics and the public pan.
This year, "Double Jeopardy" is one of these films.
Critics call foreseeable and worthless, the public is disappointed and thinks it was a disappointment.
But considering "Double Jeopardy", I found that it was a great film, it has a surprising sense of humor and a great dose of heart, with a suspense and twists and turns here and there, it is certainly a very bonfilm.
The wonderful Ashley Judd plays Libby Parsons, a woman with an apparently normal life: a big loving husband, a step son and a great friend.
Her husband Nick Parsons has surprised her and will buy her the sailboat she has always wanted.
After a night of happiness, Libby wakes up in the middle of the night to find blood everywhere and everywhere in the sailboat, her husband is missing and there is a bloody knife on the bridge.
Of course, being in shock, she picks it up and a coastal guard comes and sees it.
However, she was not immediately stopped until they discovered that her life insurance was worth two million dollars and that they are starting to wonder rather than killed him for money.
It argues not of relevance but is found guilty and sent to prison for six years.
While making a telephone call to her best friend who adopted her son for her and she hears her say hello to her father, which means that the heart of Libby stops there.
She realizes that she must go out and prove that he has not died, one of her cell comrades tells her that as long as she was found guilty of a crime, she cannot be condemnedagain.
Which means that she can shoot her in the middle of Mardi Gras and that they can do nothing about it.
After her departure, she went to a house halfway led by the parole officer Tommy Lee Jones.
He is a man who had his share of bad things.
During the release of the day, she enters a school and tries to find her child and her husband, leading to breathtaking twists and turns which are both predictable and not.
Whatever happens, the film was excellent to me.
I found that writing well written and the game was great.
Ashley Judd is such a talented and beautiful actress that she is a hero in a way in this film.
Even if you know what will happen at the end, you don't know how.
This is one of those films that you really know what will happen, except that you do not know how they will get there.
It could be in one way or another, it could be this way or that way.
The film is very stylized and extremely well done.
He obtains most of his power from the two tracks: Ashley Judd and Tommy Lee Jones both give excellent performance.
The characters are well done and credible and we feel Libby's pain when she cannot see her child for 6 years.
Even if a lot of criticisms did not like the film, I loved it.
The director took his time making the film and put a lot of observation in the film.
I found that it is not at all boring and that it is only the fault comes from a certain predictability.
He moved to a quick pace, has suspense, humor, heart and big game.
He wins, he's just to be a big film and for me, that's what it was.