You don't have to know the poker to love the "rounds", but it could help.
The fact that many of this small net drama takes place in the back rooms of Cardshark underground of New York does not limit, even its accessibility, even for those who cannot distinguish royal and straight wrinkles.
 The success of "Rounders" is therefore due to its competent distribution and its intriguing representation of a world that few viewers know.
The dialogue can be filled with terms that only real players will seize, but you do not have to speak the language to understand the words - a statement that sums up roughly the effectiveness of the whole show.
Matt Damon, fresh out of his hot sequence of "Good Will Hunting", is perfect for the role of Mike McDermott, a young law student with a huge gift for the game.
But after having lost all his money costs in a match of high issues killers with the Russian poker aficionado Teddy KGB (John Malkovich, deliciously Hammy), he focuses on learned questions, leaving his real area of expertise far away, far behind.
Things change, however, when Mike's old Buddy Worm (Edward Norton) returns to his life - it seems that Worm, just out of prison, owes a large sum to the unpleasant thugs and count on the superlative skills of his friend for the'Help the debt.
This story "Rounders" quickly turns into a story of conventional and predictable redemption does not bother its power.
Director John Dahl, sadly famous for his neo-blacks "Red rock West" and "The Last Seduction", becomes an extremely convincing mileage of the mechanical of the plot, of this conspiracy mechanics by preventing the relationship between Mike and Worm.
Damon and Norton bring so much to their roles that they are worth caught even if "Rounders" was ultimately folded, but the film made his fascinating bet by contrasting their very different ways of winning.
Any sequence where the two men sit at the table together is an inevitable culmination.
If only the interaction of the other characters was also successful, "Rounders" could deserve a consideration when the time comes to number the best films of the year.
Gretchen Mol current "It Girl" is slowly attractive as a girlfriend of Mike, Jo, conscious and weary of his shabby past, but his scenes with Damon are too few to be very effective.
The aging mentor of John Turturro and the tempting siren of Famke Janssen, two interesting sketches, are hampered at the same limited screen time.
And as a deflected judge, the great Martin Landau makes the memorable a role which is above all a plot device - it is mainly to save the day and provide a voice for moral "rounds".
This morality, by the way, is "our destiny chooses us", and it is something of a surprise when "Rounders" supports this solemn proverb by avoiding the conclusion you might expect; Mike learns from his error, but neither the error nor the way he learns is what it initially seems to be.
In the end, "Rounders" considers the game as less a simple dependence than a potential art form, but poker itself is only a metaphor for a much greater image.
The road to real development lies in the realization and exercise of your natural passions, the film marries, no matter what they could be.
Here, low -recourse lowlifs like the worm are simply not cut for cards.
The writers David Levien and Brian Koppelman entertain and educate in their quest to make a culture very well which is often generalized by films; even complete poker neophytes should cross the line of observers to participants when the film will arrive at its scenethe end.
Inside all adventurous moviegoers, there is a desire to be taken a new and exciting place, and it is the precise attraction of "Rounders".
It is ultimately important that some of our tourist guides are partially felt or that the trip itself is cluttered with sites that we have seen before, because the final destination is satisfactory.
In the end, "Rounders "Keep a winning hand.