While the film opens, the woman of waiting Nédle Sally (played by Drew Barrymore) meets her baby's father in a fast food window.
After obtaining his Milk-Shake, he left, to be prosecuted by a military helicopter.
From this moment, you know that it will not be your ordinary romantic comedy.
Home Fries tells the story of the relationship between Sally and Dorian (played by Luke Wilson), a helicopter pilot who has a different type of connection with Sally ...
That he wanted to admit it (index: it has something to do with the father of the birth child of Sally).
After taking a personal (and professional) interest in her, he finds work at the local fast food restaurant where she works, and the pleasure continues from there.
This film is very fun.
He is comic on two levels, as a romantic comedy and a dark comedy.
The romantic moments are soft, but not Sappy.
One of the most poignant moments is when Dorian accompanies Sally to the classes of Lamaze.
However, dark comic moments are more memorable.
It is also a story of revenge, and funny to that.
The father of Sally's birth child was also a married man, whose woman is played by Catherine O'Hara.
She makes a wonderful representation of a jealous woman who targets the person who had an affair and is not above that other people do her dirty job.
 (My apologies if it seems cryptic, but there is too much plot to give).
Jake Busey is completed by Jake Busey as Angus, the too zealous brother of Dorian and Daryl Mitchell as Roy, Dorian coach at the fast food restaurant.
The dialogue is clear and not filled with Sappy connotations, even with the romantic nature of the intrigue.
If there are complaints, it is above the performance of Drew Barrymore.
Although she lights the screen, there are times when she does not seem so convincing.
The film was shot in Texas, and most of the characters have Texan accents from the South.
The accent of Drew Barrymore tends to come and to come (Luke Wilson does not seem to have this problem).
In addition, she seems terribly agile for an eight -month pregnant woman.
However, this film is the one that will appeal to many viewers.
With twists and turns in Gogo and hilarious dark moments, it will not be sure to entertain.