With a team of 200 graphic designers and animators working on this first cinematographic production of Square Pictures Squaresoft from Game Development, Final Fantasy, inspired by the best -selling game franchise, is visually impressive and revolutionary.
Without a doubt, you have never seen anything like this film, and the hyperbolic fanfare surrounding its release is absolutely deserved.
But why should such a huge feat of candy for the eyes be weighted with a problematic story, a wooden dialogue and a generally non-charismatic voice?
Obviously, the main objective of the film is to stun and surprise the public with an extremely sophisticated CGI.
Everything you see in the film is made in detail: the individual threads in the fabric, the individual strands of the hair swallowed, the wrinkles and the pimples on the skin, the effects of the incredible water.
Overall, the expressions and movements of the lips correspond fairly precisely to emotions and dialogue; and the moments when they do not synchronize perfectly really, because the animation is generally so dazzling.
But you will not spend much time dwelling on these blunders - as soon as you catch one, the next monster or stellar effect will make you whisper "wow ..."
Like the series of games, the intrigue and the characters of Final Fantasy have little to do with its predecessors, apart from the birth of the same Japanese brain, Hironobu Sakaguchi.
It is the year 2065, and humans are prisoners in cages in their own manufacture that keep them from an outside world now exceeded with fatal extraterrestrial "ghosts".
Whenever a human comes into contact with ghostly visitors, the often invisible beings cross the body and take out their soul (for an inexplicable reason).
While many humans agree with a plan by General Monomaniacal eh (James Woods) to explode the extraterrestrials with a "Canon Zeus", Dr.Aki Ross (Ming-NA) and Dr.Sid (Donald Sutherland)plans to build a "wave" using eight "spirits" collected to counter ghosts and kill them.
Although the images serve the science fiction aspect of the film, the narration does not do so.
It is unfortunate, because the intrigue seems so finely thought.
It was perhaps far too complex and enormous to be fully incorporated into the script.
Some could blame this weakness that it was a Japanese concept translated into English, except that two Americans wrote the script.
Nevertheless, the final result is a story developed complicated by confusing holes.
Why do these extraterrestrials feed on souls?
If they can go through bodies and ships, how can humans hurt them with firearms?
What is so special in the "minds" that they would create a strong force to destroy extraterrestrials?
Worse, the dialogue is scripted to be either like an episode of Star Trek, rich in science, an episode of Die Hard, or a love story Sappy, according to whom speaks.
For the most part, it is bearable given the genre, but tedious speeches and cheesy lines do nothing to help actors and can become boring in longer scenes.
The only exception is Steve Buscemi as a Neil Fleming pilot, which still has large cracks during tense moments.
But, when the lights appear and the credits roll, you are more likely to notice how fantastic the film was.
There is no doubt that the approximately 33 million people who bought at least one Final Fantasy game will be impatient to see this film, and if anyone should therefore be struck by the best CG animation never published.
You live in a fantastic world to you if you expected much more.