Elmore Leonard quickly became one of Hollywood's favorite authors.
Out of four cinematographic adaptations in as many years, the spirit and the inventive out of sight gives Get Shorty a race for his money as a better Leonard adaptation.
George Clooney plays Jack Foley, a pretty bank thief ... You
Know the type, he uses his charm and his senses rather than a pistol.
But even the charming guys end up unlucky, and Jack finds himself in prison.
but not for long .
He plots an escape with the help of his best friend, and his colleague thief, Buddy Bragg (twenty rhames), and their partner with the slow spirit, Glenn Michaels (Steve Zahn).
But Jack did not count on you.S. the Marshal Karen Sisco (Jennifer Lopez).
Appearing in the right place at the wrong time, Karen gets involved in Foley's escape attempt and manhunt who followed it to bring it.
However, Karen develops a relationship with Jack Foley and finds that she loves the guy.
But can love prosper on the opposite sides of the law?
Or can Karen straighten Jack before he goes too far in search of a latest crime.
Clooney, who has had a series of solid, but never stellar cinema roles, offers its best performance to date.
He blends perfectly into his role as the risk of taking Jack Foley, who is ready to play everything about the luck that Karen Sisco is his true love.
Jennifer Lopez is also doing a great job.
She actually has a more delicate role than Clooney, as a woman who has to balance her emotions with her sense of duty.
She and Clooney are developing good chemistry together.
The film has a superb set.
Steve Zahn gives a hilarious performance and steals almost all the scenes in which he is.
Don Cheadle is properly sinister as a violent expression which may or may not associate with Foley.
Albert Brooks is pleasant as a criminal in white collar that speaks too much for his own good.
Outside the distribution, only Dennis Farina seems underused as the ex-Karen.
Steven Soderbergh gives the film a clear and stylistic direction.
With an assignment for gel frames, it offers a unique vision of action and the love scenes of the film which puts a notch over the criminal films of routine.
A recurring series of flashbacks makes the film more complex than it really is.
Donated with his bells and his whistles, out of sight is actually a fairly simple crime story.
However, there are only a few places in the film that seem naked, and they pass quickly.
With an intelligent dialogue, good characters and an excellent casting, out of sight, easily smooth the difficult points of the plot and delivers both action and romantic fronts.