The Coen brothers are back, this time with "Odyssey" from Homer as a backdrop in their story of three fugitives from a Mississippi chain gang which travels the South to find a secret treasure in "O brother, where youare?"
Just for the start of "O Brother", the Coens attract your attention with a chain of prison prisoners breaking from the rocks along the road in unison with a work song.
The camera flows around hard men, giving visually exciting symmetry to the scene that ends with our three heroes - Ulysses Everett McGill (George Clooney), Delmar (Tim Blake Nelson) and Pete (John Turturro) - escaping fromA cotton field.
It is the beginning of a trip that takes different meanings and emergencies to each member of the trio.
A strong suite, as always with the Coen brothers, is the depth of the character of the people they create in their films.
Their characters are clumsy and comical, like Nicolas Cage in "Raison Arizona"; or, dramatic, like Albert Finney and John Turturro in "Miller's Crossing"; and even a mixture of the two with Frances McDormand in "Fargo".
In any case, and in "O Brother", the characters who populate their films are three -dimensional people.
Ulysses Everett is a beautiful little criminal obsessed with hair with a silver tongue and not much in the brain department.
But, it seems to be a genius compared to the simple and sweet Delmar and the sickly pete, who follow their self -proclaimed leader to a promised treasure of $ 1 .2 million.
Their odyssey takes on the mystical proportions of Homer's original material while they meet all kinds of people along the way, including the dangerous sirens that signal them on symbolically rocky highlands and a cyclops that bats them and takes themAll their money.
There is also magic, when Delmar believes that Pete has been transformed into a toad excited by the sirens.
The story winds through the different vignettes of the adventures of the boys, giving the film an adequate episodic sensation which disturbs the global flow.
However, some of the interludes are an epiphany.
The trio becomes a quartet when they pick up Tommy Johnson (Chris Thomas King) and visit a radio station in the middle of nowhere, led by its blind owner (Stephen Root).
They become the boys of bottom soggy for the man of the radio station without sight and, without their knowledge, are recorded while they sing the traditional song, "I am a man of constant sorrow".
It is a wonderful moment of film creation and gives us, in my mind, the best cinema song of the year.
The wonderful moments and other moments (sexy seduction by the sirens comes to my mind) are pretentious pieces which harm the overall quality of "o brother".
In particular, towards the end, there is a scene where Ulysses, Delmar and Pete, plant a Ku Klux Klan Rally to prevent Tommy from being lynched.
The scene is exaggerated and flashy and stuck from "The Wizard of Oz".
They do not say "lions and tigers and bears, oh my!"
And there is no Dorothy, but it is the country of Oz that we see here.
The ups and downs of the flow of history are tempered by a beautiful agitation on several levels.
George Clooney is funny, charming, a little stupid and one of the most beautiful players in the company today.
He has the charm of a film idol from the 1930s and is able to put himself in silly situations with dignity.
Ulysses has a continuous obsession for her hair, risking life and members to obtain a particular brand of pomade and a supply of hair nets.
His vanity will come to torment him because he would be all the mysticism -heroes -er.
While Clooney is the name name for "O Brother", the thief of the show is Tim Blake Nelson like Delmar.
The unknown unknown is formidable as the simple condemned who, at some point, hears the word of the Lord and joins the members of a congregation of church in their mass baptism.
Delmar is saved and devotes his life to doing good and provides wealth to his simple ch ARACTER that makes him shine.
The Taciturn Pete, played by the longtime collaborator of Coen Turturro, is the sullen member of the trio and gives them the necessary anxiety.
All together, the melodious triumvirate is a mixture of the three stooges and the three musketeers because they proved to be buffoons, although courageous.
The colorful support cast is endemic with Homerian characters to meet and get to know the path of the boys' odyssey.
Charles Durning appears as the outgoing governor Pappy O'Daniel, who continues to cross the paths with them in his candidacy for re -election.
John Goodman is mean as a seller and crook of the Bible Borgne, Big Dan Teague.
Michael Badalucco is manic and scandalous like Outlaw and extraordinary bank thief, George "Babyface" Nelson.
Stephen Root is fun as a blind DJ, representing one of the many references to The Sightless which abound in the film in a mystical way.
Holly Hunter is wasted in the small role as a woman far from Ulysses, Penny (and the real reason for this adventure, not a secret treasure).
Technicians are, as planned in an adventure of Coen Brothers, in first class.
The director of photography Roger Deakins, who worked on five previous coen films, captures the sensual atmosphere of the South.
Photography completes the luxuriant production and costume provided by Dennis Gassner and Mary Zophres, respectively.
Again, Roderick Jaynes - The Alter Ego d'Ethan and Joel Coen - is on board as editor.
The high points prevail at the bottom through most of "o brother, where are you?"
With special praise for the wonderful selection of the period and traditional music.
I give him a b.