Tempe Mills Cinema, AZ - This film had us in stitches constantly from start to finish.
All these promotional clips that were on television in the last month came from the first five minutes of the film.
If you thought they were funny, see the rest of the film.
It's hilarious .
How to make a film on a couple of guys whose only glory claims to be synchronized on SNL on SNL in a single song?
easy .
Write an interesting script around proven ideas, add good lines and satires and sail?, You end up with an excellent well -made and very entertaining film.
Will and Chris are silly brothers forced by their father to work reluctantly in the family flower sector during the day.
At night, they continue their ambition for life to lose their virginity in unsuccessful attempts to enter Roxbury in Beverly Hills, California, the only act of disco that deserves.
The only problem, the place is so popular and the line of waiting so long that when the brothers go to the front door, the Roxbury closes, while doing a guy witness with tickets andCinema stars to a GriEco QuinteriChard who goes beyond the gender without hassle.
The authors of the script (Steve Koren, Will Ferrell and Chris Kattan) intelligently designed a way for our boys to get into the Roxbury.
Their flower van is rear by Richard Grieco, who fears a right of law and is surprised to see that the idiots are too struck by stars to think about the car accident they just had, but not to enter intoRoxbury.
Grieco takes them happily, even presents them to the owner, which has the additional advantage of strengthening the financial appearance of the silly brothers in the eyes of a few golden diggers (Elisa Donovan and Gigi Rice) who bet their time and their bodiesSurwill and Chris.
The following is one of the best slap stick routines of all time.
The music is superb and could not have been better than if the producers added that Born to be Alive by Patrick Hernandez.
Choreography was sometimes a parody of a past era, for example, the Bee Gees and their stay alive.
It is nostalgic for those of us who remember far back, and the technique is an intelligent adaptation that has worked well in Forest Gump.
One of the funniest scenes is when the golden diggers discover that
And Chris has no monhone and throws both on the spot, even expressing the violence and anger they have given sex.
An art-imitation-life stings on shallow women.
It is a scene which is an approximate parody of the own editorial of Rolf LUEDEKE of vinegar this week, the national organization for men (name) replaces now.
Ted "unabomber"
Kaczynski, himself rejected so as not to have money, will identify with this scene, if he watches the film.
Of course, the script would not be complicated enough without adding to Molly Shannon, the daughter next door who had the crush for the will since they were children, and who Will had an aversion to the quest for beautifulBlondes Disco (proof (proofque men will refuse perfectly good women when there are Bay Watch watch girls who are still hiding nearby).
Nevertheless, Will's father wants him to marry Molly anyway, but thinks that the idiot Chris stands on the way and sends him in the exile of the quarter guests.
During the wedding ceremony, Will's heart does not go exactly, and when his brother appears on the balcony with a blaster of the ghetto and more frontal music, Will thinks worse of the idea of knotter and runs to Chris.
Certainly an SNL parody of the graduate where Katharine Ross changed his mind for the Hoffman screaming with Dustin Hoffman on the balcony of the church.
I found this scene a riot, however, she crossed the head of Brandi - she was born seven years after the first appearance of the graduate.
The scene has a good line of punch when Molly Shannon goes, instead, the friend / weight weight (who seems to pass for the son of Gary occupied) and who convinced A good catch -up for a long time, but now ready to take anyone.
No more art -imitation - not even muscles cannot replace money in the real world.
The mother of the idiots is played by Loni Anderson, whose Barbie-Doll looks
Do not play well (it is a bit old), and whose cleavage looks like someone who botched too low a tracheotomy.
I recommend this film to all those who want to have fun or in
Need a lot of laughter.
Go with a date.
Brandi laughs constantly, as I
Made, and a dumb deaf could have concluded that I was tickled it continuously for 105 minutes.