Wyatt Earp has a lot to say and can say.
This story of the legendary legislator lasts three hours and nine minutes and it's too long for this epic Wannabe who plays more like a television mini-series than a film.
The story opens on the EARP family farm, with the young Wyatt ready to flee from the house.
He wants to fight in civil war, but his father (Hackman) has different ideas and wants his son to study law.
Time passes and Wyatt heads west, returns home to get married and, after a spell, begins his career in the application of laws.
As he (Costner) and his brothers (Madsen, David Andrews and Linden Ashby) arrive in Tombstone, Wyatt tried, from buffalo hunting to traffic cards.
Wyatt Earp is very attractive in places - such as actors, costumes and cinematography - but an overestimated story and a mastered partition asleep most of the emotional impact.
Who can be moved by scene after stage after scene of swollen strings and suffocating speeches?
Somber is good - simply ask Clint Eastwood - but this film which has not, not two, but three, count the three death scenes Hammy!
However, a little EARP goes very far and the life and times of the legendary legislator are uninteresting things.
His unusual relationships with women, for example, are an intriguing contrast to the credo of his character of "nothing counts as much as blood".
Equally funny is a buffalo hunt (and skin!)
sequence which is definitely non-PC.
Director Lawrence Kasdan adopts a refreshing and realistic approach to the shooting game.
The infamous Ok Corral shooting is both brutal and brief, devoid of almost all theaters.
Do not look for much glorified violence here.
Despite some major exclamation points in the story, the characters * take *.
The diversified distribution includes everyone from Betty Buckley (!) To Mackenzie Astin (!!).
Kevin Costner is very good in the title role.
The dances with Whitney Nevers also become steel as the role requires it, but his transformation of the student into light law at stoic sheriff is fun to look at.
It was harder in a perfect world.
His leaf is Dennis Quaid, who pulled a deniro by losing more than 40 pounds to play the tuberculous terrorist Doc Holliday.
Gaunt * and * Gamely is a stage thief who saw too little.
The other familiar faces include Tom Sizemore (resembling Bruce McGill), Bill Pullman (resembling Jeff Daniels) and Lea Thompson (resembling someone other than Lea Thompson).
Gene Hackman and Isabella Rosselini appear and disappear as magic, while late entries Catherine O'Hara and Jobeth Williams are surprisingly solid.
Although history and the score should have tried "less it's more", all other credits are technical heights.
Production designer Ida Random, artistic director Gary Wissner and costume designer Colleen Atwood are some of the VIPs who helped spend what should be a huge budget.
Obviously, no expense has been spared.