John Sayles' "men with rifles" concern what happens to a society when the brute force and the constant threat of violence are the only way to win and maintain power.
The film takes place in an anonymous Central American country, where men with rifles are the leaders.
Most of the country is divided into tiny segments - some are controlled by guerrillas with rifles, some are controlled by army soldiers with rifles, and all spaces between the two are controlled by thieves, bandits and bandits and banditsterrorists.
Not all people who do not install one of these descriptions are only defined by their helplessness.
However, like so many countries of Central America, it also presents modernity.
There is an anonymous capital that carries all the characteristics of contemporary civilization: skyscraper, hospitals, televisions, highways, etc. but it could as well be in another country because those who live in the comfort of the cityhave either decided to ignore the violence that ravages the rest of the country, or they simply ignore it.
The main character of the film, Dr.Fuentes (Federico Luppi) enters this last category.
One of his patients, an army general, describes him as the most educated man he has ever met, and also the most naive.
Fuentes is a real liberal, a caring man who thinks that he can cure the ills of his country by fighting bacteria and ignorance among indigenous Indians.
With the help of the government, he trained a large group of young impatient medicine students and sent them to the tropical forest to heal and educate.
This program had to be his inheritance, and he repeats again and again that it was a good idea.
However, when he ventures into this same tropical forest to visit his protruding, he notes that things did not go as he considered.
While going deeper into the forest, ranging from a village to the village, history is always the same: doctors have all been killed by guerrillas or army soldiers, generally to help theother.
When Dr.Fuentes asks a village woman why the army killed one of the doctors, she simply replied: "Because they had firearms, and we did not do it."
Rational science and all its healing attempts have been wiped out by men with firearms, because the disease and ignorance of others help them maintain power.
Dr.Fuentes takes several companions during his trip, all characterized by their loss.
First of all, there is a young boy named Conejo (Dan Rivera Gonz? Lez), who has neither mother nor father.
Then, Fuentes crosses a thief named Domingo (Dami? N Delgado), who deserted the army because he was tired of being insane in committing the murderous atrocities.
Thanks to his test in the army, Domingo has lost most of his self -respect and is only defined by his pistol.
Along the way, the group also collects Padre Portillo (Dami? N alc? Zar), a priest who lost his faith.
While Domingo leaves the army, Portillo too - he was described as sympathizer as guerrillas and fled from the village in which he preached.
Finally, the group faces a silent girl named Graciela (Tania Cruz), who has not spoken since she was raped two years earlier, her innocence and even her desire to live with force that was removed from her.
Sayles two major forces as a director - characters and decor - are abundantly obvious in "men with firearms".
 (Like many of his films, Sayles could have tightened this one in the mounting room, but a longer execution time than necessary is a sin almost always committed when the director is also the publisher.)
He creates fascinating and complex characters, especially Dr.Fuentes and Domingo.
Their worried relationship is also somewhat humorous in the context of the overall theme of the violence of the film as power - Domingo's attempts to control the fuentes with his revolver are constantly undermined by the conviction of Fuentes that the revolver is discharged (Beginning, but later, but later, but later, but later, but later, but later, but later, but later, but later is not).
The setting is also as thick with details as the tropical forest itself.
Sayles knows how to give life to a location, whether it was a mining city of the early 20th century in "Matewan" (1987) or a contemporary border in Texas / Mexico in "Lone Star" (1996).
Sayles is not a particularly inventive director - he likes to let his actors do most of the work - but he and the director of the Slavomir Idziak ("Gattaca") photography) successfully evoke the beauty and the danger of the Central Central Field.
Sayles also maintains a strong feeling of authenticity by turning everything on site in Mexico, using all Latin American actors and having all the dialogue spoken in the Spanish or native dialects.
The only exception is some clumsy American tourists who work not only as comical relief, but as proof of how the United States is without any idea what is happening a few hundred kilometers south of the Texas border.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that "men with rifles" is a depressing film.
In fact, the two feelings he evokes the most are despair and failure.
In addition to the loss, the main characters are also failures on something, whether Dr.Funtes does nothing to change through medicine, or the inability to get up and be the martyr he dreamedalways to be.
Nevertheless, it is dark that Sayles chose, and he takes care of it accordingly.
The last plan of the film offers a suspicion of hope, even in a world where, as a character says, "nobody refuses men with rifles".