No film in recent has left me conflictual feelings such as the heartbreaking, humorous and horrible adaptation of Neil Jordan of Patrick McCabe's novel on the descent of young boy Francie Brady (Eamonn Owens) in Madness in Ireland years1960.
On the one hand, it was difficult for me to invest myself in the story of Francia because he is such an unavailable character, unjustifying his rage against his neighbor half but otherwise harmless Mrs.Nogent (Fiona Shaw).
On the other hand, I had trouble laughing at some of the dark maneuading of Francia, because he is obviously a child so necessary and so needy, having been raised by a drunk father (Stephen Rea) and a suicidal mother (Aisling O'Sullivan).
With the other hand, I also had trouble sympathizing completely with Francie during her more emotional scenes because some of his, for lack of a better word, "bad" are so incredibly shocking in their brutality and malicious joyin which he performs.
However, the power of Butcher Boy is undeniable, and the film as a whole is unforgettable - perhaps because it is so disturbing.
What makes him so disturbing is the global attitude of Francia, but in terms of fact, about everything, expressed in a narration of voice -over chick issued by the adult Francie (Rea Again).
Think of the celestial creatures played largely for laughter, and you will understand in a way.
The anchoring of the whole film is the first astonishing performance of Owens; like Francie or hate it, you cannot leave Owens' eyes.
Butcher Boy is really a twisted and unusual film that will not make almost anyone uncomfortable.
In the hall after the projection, I heard a delusional man how great but disturbing it was; I also heard a particularly offended woman say with disgust: "This film was so funny!"
 "I didn't know what to expect.
It's like something you continue so long, but you don't know how to react when you get it.
I still don't know how to react. "
- Michael Jordan, after winning his first NBA championship in 1991 ... or,
My thoughts after meeting him on November 21, 1997