Richard Gere is not one of my favorite actors.
However, I like the dramas of the courtroom, and this film looked good enough to try your luck.
I was not deceived.
It was not a great film, but it was interesting and took several unexpected laps.
One thing: what is the title?
Not only is it extremely forgettable, but it does not really have much to do with the film, as far as I can determine.
In the long term, it will probably harm the film, because people will not be able to think about it or remember it.
Martin Vail (Richard Gere) is a grand defense lawyer.
He likes the money and the fame that accompanies the (successful) defense of the rich ecume, like the men of the mafia and the drugs.
Once he saw that the killer killer accused of an eminent Chicago archbishop is an alter-boom in the baby's face, he wants in the case, probably for the press he will get.
We soon discover that the assigned prosecutor is a former lover, Janet Venable (Laura Linney).
Vail himself is a former prosecutor and leaves because of the tensions between him and the district prosecutor, very well played by John Mahoney (the father of breaking in the television series).
There is an underlying theme of dichotomy in the film: people have public faces and private faces.
We see him in the murdered archbishop, in the accused and, above all, the defense lawyer Martin Vail.
Richard Gere is doing a pretty good job.
At the beginning, he seems to be a lawyer who hangs money and attention, without consideration of the truth.
But we see another side, when he becomes a justice researcher, and comes to believe in his client.
Alfre Woodard, as a judge, is capable, although somewhat wasted in a standard role.
Laura Linney also does a companion work; nothing spectacular, but acceptable.
His relationship with Vail is credible; their verbal fence adds to the film.
The actor who plays the investigator of Vail (unfortunately, I do not remember his name) is quite good.
His assistant wife (she looked very familiar, but I don't remember where I saw her) was also capable, but not very spectacular.
The best performance in the film was from Edward Norton.
He was excellent, while the shy altar who became alleged "Butcher Boy by St. Mike's".
I was impressed by the depth of the plot; there are red hairstyles and dead ends, which in a lesser film would lead to a predictable end.
I liked the twists and turns of the intrigue that the film has taken, and most of the support characters, so I give Primal Fear a respectable note B +.