Usually, when a blockbuster comes out, it is loaded with effects, stars, bad scripts and a lot of action.
Mysteries can contain a casting of stars, and effects, but the script and the smart characters are what really works, which is rare to see this year.
The film is based on Bob Burden's "The Flaming Carrot" comics series, in which 3 Want Be Super Heroes are trying to fight crime, to be done by the real hero of Champion City, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear).
Things are going a bit unlocked, when the sinister Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released in the city, where he captures the incredible captain, and plans to wreak havoc on City champion.
Well, the trio decides to take matters into their own hands, saving the city, but they first need some assistance.
This is where the film takes a turn for the best.
In begging, there were only 3 wanting to be heroes.
 "Blue Raja (Hank Azaria)", M.Furious (Ben Stiller) and "The Shoveller (William H. Macy).
Of course, they coated, but their actions were quickly old.
It is until they go "invisible boy" (Kel Mitchell) and "The Bowler" (Janeane Garafalo) and "Mr. Splein" (Paul Reubens), 2 of which save the film from becoming a disastrous disorder.
Fortunately, the 3 original heroes become fun, with a certain support for Ruben and Garfalo on the screen.
The whole premise is rather ridiculous, but contains a few punches to keep interest.
On the one hand, the film is considerably intelligent.
He literally makes fun of super Hero films, like Batman and Robin, Superman, etc. In fact, many scenes are similar to Batman and Robin, including the opening sequence, only modified in a humorous and superior way.
Part of the intelligence comes from distribution.
Sometimes a film with such talent is exaggerated, but the game is what keeps it alive here.
While Azaria and Macy enriched, 2 characters really stood out.
One was Paul Reuben.
No matter how disgusting or revolting "Mr. Splein" can be disgusting or revolting, you still can't help laughing.
It is "so incredibly silly, it's just a riot that looks at Ruben relieves itself from body functions.
Janeane Garafalo was also an interesting character.
She seemed to be the most outgoing and convincing character of Screem, because of her enthusiasm, who kept the film sink.
Men are worth seeing alone, for these 2 troubled heroes.
Lowering, some of the heroes and especially the villain never really take off.
Kel Mitchell and Geoffrey Rush, were both completely useless.
Their parts were so limited, they would be lucky to be on the screen for more than 20 minutes.
Ben Stiller was also wasted, mainly because of his power and his unmanageable dialogue.
None of these characters withdraw from anyone, but happily they are lost in the charming flow of the film.
Regarding the budget, it was judiciously spent on distribution, not the effects.
Although conceptions and action are all beautiful, I am happy that there is a separate aspect, on which the film has concentrated, and for that I applaud.
Mysterious slow and rather useless men still deliver.
He forgets the money winner, because it is unlikely that it will make a package like her teachers, and that is what works.
stupid ?
Maybe, but for once, I am not disappointed.
No one expected an intelligent film, but you get a film that Wit attracts your attention and makes you forget this miserable year.