"Sex, Lies, and Videotape" by Steve Soderbergh, who won the Grand Prix at the Cannes Film Festival in 1989, undoubtedly started the resurgence of independent films.
Made with a $ 1 budget of $ 1 .2 million, with the actors then relatively unknown, it is a provocative and completely original drama.
The film focuses mainly on the four central characters, all in the 1930s at the end of the 1920s.
Ann (Andie MacDowell), an unsatisfied housewife, is married to John (Peter Gallagher), an insensitive lawyer, who, without her, has a liaison with her younger sister, Cynthia (Laura San Giacomo).
Complete things even worse is Graham (James Spader, who won the best actor in Cannes), the former boyfriend of the University of John, who comes to stay at home.
Ann is absolutely won by him, even if she clearly declared that she had very little interest in sex.
This is the configuration of the last hour of the image, and since the film is entitled "Sex, lies and videos" real surprise.
Director Steven Soderbergh turned out to be an extremely offbeat filmmaker, ranging from the Independent, a dominant state ("Out of Sight" from 1998), to the Kafkaesque square (Schizopolis "of 1997).
He is the type of director who obviously takes a lot of risks and believes in the work he does, and "sex, lees and video", is probably his most confident, and perhaps even the best, to date.
The performances are superb of the four tracks, but MacDowell stands out in what is probably the main character.
She is still a very winning actress, but she is probably her most three -dimensional role she had (with a tight second being the 1993 mosaic of Altman, "shortcut").
The other parts are also perfectly sunk, from the sinister Graham to Spader, to John de Gallagher, to the outspokenness of Gallagher, to Cynthia de Giacomo.
The final act of the film, in particular, comes out of the left field, and turns out to be both shocking and strangely touching, and it would be criminal to give the secrets of the film.
It is enough to say that, through a powerful sequence, Ann is able to get somewhat out of her shell, and John learns a precious lesson on honesty, as well as deception.
However, the film has a fault.
The characters are almost all emotionally cold and isolated from each other, and often not very friendly.
If there had been some additional scenes with Gallagher, it would probably have helped, because his relationship with MacDowell is not as explored as I would have liked.
 "Sex, lies and video band", although slightly imperfect, is always easily a courageous and adult film which is much more mature and honest on its subject than the usual film.
Soderbergh clearly knew what he was doing while he was doing it, and the final product certainly proves it.