I find that most of the television so intensely boring that I just ignore my set, unless I watch a film.
I don't even have a cable, so I went to Radio Shack to buy an antenna specifically in order to watch "The X-Files" every Sunday evening.
This is the only program that is worth an hour of my time every week (however, since I do not look at the reruns, I am happy to have six months of the year to completely avoid television).
I am a fan passionate about the show and I have been for about three years now.
And I like Gillian Anderson.
The X-Files is the film which continues the history where the final of the season has stopped.
The film is like an episode of two hours, except that there are many more special effects, the plot is thicker and the resolution is more satisfactory.
This is a great film, both for fans of the series and for those who have never seen it (I imagine that viewers who do not know the show will find the film solid and riveted).
I expected to love him more than any episode I saw, and my expectations were met.
In fact, the film takes some risks in its history and its plot devices, but, fortunately, the manufacturers have managed to do it properly.
At the end of the final, the FBI branch known as X-Files had been destroyed, and our heroes, Mulder (David Duchovny) and Scully (Gillian Anderson) were left for five years of hard work.
The film resumes shortly after; and Mulder and Scully were reduced to agents on the land investigating on a threat of bomb in a federal building.
But wait, I get ahead of myself.
The film actually opens in the ice age, about 32,000 years earlier, during which some prehistoric guys are attacked by a vicious extraterrestrial.
The blood from abroad infects them (fans of the series will certainly remember black cancer), and the story jumps in modern times, during which a young boy is also infected with cancer.
It turns out that the bomb was planted to kill the boy, and Mulder and Scully discover concealment despite the fact that Scully resigned from his position in the FBI.
Soon, they discover that all of this has to do with extraterrestrials.
As I have already written, it is not easy to write summaries of the plot for films like this, because everything must be a surprise.
Fans of the show will know what to expect, and I seriously doubt that one of them is disappointed with the film.
The director Rob Bowman did an excellent job by expanding the strange feeling of the program on the big screen, making small adjustments and minor modifications to use the possibilities that the film allows on television.
There are really breathtaking scenes and well created here (late in the film, when they are in the extraterrestrial spacecraft, you will see one of the best action sequences in recent cinema).
The special effects are very good and the design of production by Christopher Nowak is fantastic.
What I find interesting is that X-Files is actually an excellent way for standard neophytes to enter history.
Our heroes receive subtle introductions (we do not know them from the start), and the film explains enough the history that the prior knowledge of the series is not necessary to understand the film.
There are, of course, small items that manufacturers have included as fans gain, but I will keep these surprises.
It takes a lot of reflection and understanding of the series to create a film using roots as complicated as those that the series provides, then create a coherent film that anyone can understand clearly.
The series is strong for many reasons.
It is original (although he has many links with "The Twilight Zone" and owes a little tribute to Hitchcock), and strangely strange for a television program.
What really makes the series shine is the actors.
Duchovny has so much presence and is just a fun guy to watch.
He has this confidence who will one day make him a bankable head man.
Anderson is just as good and beautifully beautiful; she is also a strong actress.
However, the two artists acted in a little more than their series, although I think they will both have the chance to prove themselves very soon.
I enthusiastically recommend the X-Files, both for fans and non-fans.
1998 is a summer full of disappointing blockbusters, and this film should satisfy where most others leave you completely dry.
It is an intelligent film, and takes you places that you might not have been (or, at least, perhaps not seen as many times as they feel familiar).
The X-Files is also impressive in the concept: fans of the series are probably very critical, and taking the premise beyond the series is a risky decision.
It is good to see a risk bear fruit for a change.
In fact, it's good to see a risk at all.