Located at the end of the 80s at the height of the excess of Yuppie and based on the book by Bret Easton Ellis (who explored the same themes in another book which was also transformed into a film, less zero), AmericanPsycho puts a new round on Leyuppie "genre" that Ellis helped to create.
Christian Bale is perfectly interpreted as Patrick Bateman, a high -level Yuppie who hides a terrible secret from his fianc? E and his colleagues.
It seems that Bateman is a serial killer and, unfortunately for his contemporaries, his tenuous understanding of reality begins to slip.
While trying to balance his meticulous daily routines with colleagues and massacres prostitutes and hiding their body, his mental fabric slowly begins to disentangle.
I was presented for the first time in the novel when I was still in high school.
I read an article by the Associated Press in our local Sunday newspaper detailing the problems that Ellis had published his novel due to controversial violence.
As usual, when everything is controversial, I try to look for it, but I quickly forgot the novel and I did not end up thinking about it until I fell through a few years later in alibrary.
I picked it up and read it, but I was finally disappointed because it left more questions than answers.
The film has a similar effect, but at least it is less cryptic than Ellis' novel.
For once, a film turned out to be better than the novel on which it was based.
The book and the film open with Bateman describing his tedious morning preparations (up to exactly what facial scrubs and the exfoliating creams he uses), but the novel seems to focus more on these excesses throughout.
The film continues to touch these things, but makes one point more to immerse us in the imminent madness of Bateman than to detail things as meticulously as the novel.
As a result, the film is extremely more entertaining.
Lions Gate seems to be the champion of the studio of controversial films (after having picked up the Catholic dogma of Kevin Smith) and here with American Psycho, there is no difference.
The scriptwriters Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner had the little enviable task of trying to take a novel on the Yuppies filled with graphic violence and sex and making it a marketable film.
Some cuts had to be made in the finished film to prevent the obtaining of an NC-17, mainly involving a sex scene including Bateman and two women, and the first reports said that the film was inaccessible.
Fortunately, he is observable and Harron and Turner made one of the most crisp films on this side of South Park: larger, longer and not cut.
Lateral note n ° 1: Co-Scenarist Guinevere Turner also makes an appearance in the film as unhappy knowledge of Who, after Bateman, of Bateman, after Bateman, she begins to do with a female prostitute, proclaims that she nis not a lesbian and has no interior.
The ironic humor of the scene comes from the fact that Turner (the writer / director of the film Go Fish and who also helped Kevin Smith with parts of his script to hunt Amy) is a lesbian.
It is a subtle-twin and it is the one that I found quite humorous.
Although it has a fairly high -end support distribution of young editors (including Reese Witherspoon), most roles are a waste and equivalent to extended cameos.
The real draw here is Christian Bale and his exaggerated performance as Patrick Bateman.
Whenever I read a novel, I always try to imagine what it would be as a film and which would be perfect to launch as characters.
I have always had trouble trying to decide who I would throw as a bateman, but I never thought that Bale would offer a performance as perfect as that of his being.
To say that Bale fled with the character is a vast and he proves that he is also able to chew landscapes as Al Pacino or Rod Steiger.
A sequence in particular, involving Bateman describing his love for Huey Lewis and News song "Hip to Be Square" just before burying an ax in the head of a colleague, presents one of the most eccentric and kinetic performances that I have ever seen on the film.
Lateral note n ° 2: Despite the fact that "Hip to Be Square" by Huey Lewis and a pair of songs by Phil Collins appear in the film, do not expect to see them on the release of the soundtrack.
Huey Lewis expressly asked that his song, presented in a fairly large play of play in the film (many related to the use of "Stuck in the Middle with you" in Reservoir Dogs), do not be included in an exit from theOriginal Sound Track.
I guess Collins asked for the same thing.
On a similar note, the cover of Whitney Houston of "The Greatest Love of All" is also involved in a scene comparable to the other two and it is very obvious that it is not at all the version of Houston, but simply a versioninstrumental taken from an unknown Unsource.
Apparently, Houston was not as open to the use of his song as the others.
A greater controversy than violence and sex have prepared since the release of the film: that of whether Patrick really committed the crimes we saw during the film.
Do not look at the book for answers because it will only be confused with you.
Several websites have been dedicated to the subject, but I am always undecided.
There is evidence at the same time for and against, but the most scathing evidence against a scene towards the end of the film where Bateman goes to a madness of killing in the process of leaving cops, old ladies and cleaning staffWith equal enthusiasm.
The scene seemed very dreamy and as absurd as action films that it suddenly seems parody (for example, Bateman explodes a police car in a very cinematographic way after having fired several shots from a handgun in theDirectorate General of the car).
I continued to wait until Bateman wakes up and the film continues from there, but Bateman never wakes up and all the sequence, although comic, launches the unbalanced film (which, I suppose, was the intention).
Apart from the few faults I mentioned, American Psycho is an incredibly entertaining film (although you cannot let the film fully understand whether what just happened or not has really happened in the reality of Bateman).
I think this film is intended for greatness as a cult film and deserves the place where it will take as such.
It may not change the life of anyone, but it will certainly have an effect.
I know that I will certainly hear "the hip to be square" in a different context the next time I hear it.
[R]