I remember having heard of this film when it appeared for the first time in Cannes over a year ago, winning the Grand Jury Prize at the Festival.
"The Holocaust comedy receives a standing ovation," read the titles.
Intrigued by this statement, I looked for information on the film and I found that, of course, life is beautiful is in fact a comedy on the greatest atrocity of the last thousand years.
Even if the film was extremely welcomed by criticism and the public, I could not help but be disgusted with this notion; human tragedy is not something that I think I think to be celebrated.
It is only now that I see the error of my ways.
After finally seeing the film for me after having avoided it for a while, it has become clear that it is not, like the big titles, a "Holocaust comedy"; on the contrary, life is beautifuldoes not even really represent the graphic events that took place in the Nazi death masts.
Rather, he focuses on the relationship between a father and his son, whom he desperately tried to protect the horrors from their situation.
Roberto Benigni (who also wrote and directed the film) plays the role of Guido Orevet, a clown inspired by Chaplin and all around Jolly Guy who, at the opening of the film, is in the running for the affections of a nice teacherschool (Nicoletta Braschi, Benigni Real Life LifeConjoint).
During the first hour about the early hours, we see Guido trying to attract the attention of this "beautiful princess", as he calls it.
Using the magic of laughter, the Italian actor wins his heart and together, they raise a young boy named Giosue (actor of the child Giorgio Cantarini).
Life treats them well until the servants of Hitler go up to power, and the family is taken to a German camp, where Guido becomes convinced that he must maintain the innocence of his son, whatever the sacrifice.
Admittedly, it contains funny moments both in and outside the concentration camp, but it does not draw a "hogan's hero" and only makes the slaughter of some six million innocent Jews.
In one way or another, it reaches hilarity without lacking respect about it serious.
So we have established that life is beautiful is not a "Holocaust comedy".
But, there is another complete false declaration of this material that really bothers me.
The film, despite the criticism statements, which is a "triumph of the human mind", is not such a thing; not in my eyes, anyway.
Some have described the story of "affirmation of the beauty of life", but I say that it is a very dark and dark statement on the man's ability to disguise himself as an endearing comedy.
The end of the film was recognized as the most edifying moment of the most edifying of any film released recently, but I found it really demanding and overwhelming.
Essentially, life is beautiful is probably the biggest hoax in the history of the film.
However, I do not deny the greatness of the film.
Believe me, it's fantastic.
I just say that I think Benigni did something different from what most people interpret it.
But maybe I read more on the film than it is really there.
Perhaps the radiance of the film is based on the idea that the spectator can interpret the meaning in all ways they consider good.
In fact, perhaps Roberto Benigni made a film which is the only argument for the old saying that you are released from a film exactly what you put there.