The year is 1962 and the army is carrying out nuclear tests.
Hank Marshall (Jones) is involved in these tests, an army colonel who criticizes the tests above the ground that is carried out.
He urges underground tests that no one will consider at the time until he was learned that the Soviets have carried out their own underground tests.
Marshall is also disturbed by a turbulent wedding with Carly (Lange) who is bare breasts on the beach from the base to the view of all staff.
Hank's reaction is that of fun.
He came here before and he takes care of the only way he knows.
The problem is that Carly is a maniac and when she does not flirt with a man near her, she fantasizes about a fictitious world where she prefers to be.
Typical of mental illness, it is also promised and angry.
The mood swings are fast and violent and the torment she puts her husband and their two daughters is considerable.
According to Hank reports which indicate his opposition to the army test methods, he is transferred from Hawaii to Alabama.
Carly motivates herself after cinema stars and tries to become Marilyn Monroe, Bleach-Blond and everything.
The new house in Alabama is quite dilapidated and depressing and triggers Carly on a violent crisis.
After meeting his new commander (Booth), Hank sees an too familiar model starting to repeat himself.
Carly flirts openly with the Co.hank is trying to face the situation, but its only seaside resort is to pass it and throw it in a neighboring swimming pool.
The arguments ensue.
The family becomes even more alienated.
The CO is very interested in continuing a meeting with Carly and sends Hank to observe an underground test which causes the irradiation of two local breeders, to most vocal objections of Hank, who spots them but are unable to cancelThe detonation of the bomb.
Back home, the two girls try to keep things together, but they wonder why their father cannot face the problems of their mother.
A girl says: "He's blind and she's crazy."
The other replies: "They are perfect for each other."
He reaches the point of rupture when the older daughter (Locana) and a boy, the son of the CO (O'Donnell) see his mother and the CO making love in an abandoned hangar.
She forces her mother to say to Hank and go out in the open air.
Hank returns home and finds his wife in the midst of a musical made by military women, including the woman of the CO (Snodgress).
He faces the C.O
But not about Carly.
He is upset by concealment surrounding the accident during the tests.
A fight breaks out between the two when the CO accuses Hank of not being able to satisfy his wife.
Hank is arrested.
The following is the manipulation and revenge of the part of the co. He convinces Carly to commit Hank in a hospital for observation.
Instead, they fill him with so many medications that he can barely face.
He mousse in his mouth and cannot even finish sewing a leather wallet like gifts for his daughters.
Carly is determined to release her husband from the army claws and only succeeds in doing so by being the strongest in the family for the first time.
The film has an optimistic end with the hope that the family found a way to deal with their problems.
Performance is solid everywhere.
Jones is sympathetic and loving and is the most effective in these calm moments when he tries to face the rage of his wife.
He comforts it and offers protection.
Lange gives a strong and animated representation of a woman on the limit that develops courage to try to put things correctly for her family.
Amy locane is very good while she fights to keep her family together while struggling with her own doubts as to whether she should.
Blue Sky is based on the history of the Stagner family.
The script was written by Rama Laurie Stagner (with Arlene Sarner and Jerry Leichtling).
The film marks the final work of Tony Richardson, who died shortly after her completion in 1991.
He had made classics such as Regard Bath in Anger (1958) and Tom Jones (1963).
Orion Pictures suffered a bankruptcy and restored the film on a shelf for three years.
The film joins a range of promising fall films, which is worth it to be caught for performance alone.