What I am looking for in a film is not necessarily perfection.
Sometimes a film has so strong ideas that despite the faults he may have, I will prefer this to a better made film that is not as stimulating.
The fine red line is imperfect but it causes.
Terence Malick returns to the cinema 20 years after the days of paradise and produces this meditative look of the war.
Unlike Saving Private Ryan of this year, which lies on war as a necessary evil and explores its moral ambiguities, the slim red line simply says war is a waste.
Although it may seem obvious to some, only after having experienced the film do you realize how deep it is.
Saving soldier Ryan has an underlying and practical acceptance that war will occur and it has a large cost; the thin red line says idealistic avoid this at all costs.
One message is not necessarily more correct than the other.
It just depends on his point of view.
In Malick's film, war takes place in a tropical paradise, and the cinematography of John Toll is beyond Lush.
The setting asks the question, why are we fighting in front of such beauty?
By saving soldier Ryan, the capture of a German soldier presents the moral dilemma of the opportunity to let him go.
In the fine red line, the Japanese present the moral dilemma of the war in the first place.
They are like the Americans - frightened and angry, in mourning and praying.
All that separates them is war.
The flaw in the fine red line is presented in the voices.
Incredible as coming from the characters and sometimes pretentious, sometimes cheesy, the voices OFF tell us what the images in front are already doing and are completely useless.
Regarding Malick, Malick could have obtained a Tarkovskian quantity.
Instead, he obtained a distractioning self -awareness.
Aside from that, the management of Malick is magnificent.
The follow -up plans through the hills swept by the wind and around the transport which accelerates towards the shore are extraordinary.
Sean Penn, Elias Koteas and Nick Nolte give the best performance.
Penn is subtle as a sergeant trying to hide his humanism, Koteas is authentic as a compassionate captain, and Nolte surprising as a colonel whose blood vessels are about to burst if he cannot win his battle.
John Travolta and George Clooney are the worst of Camée roles.
In the end, however, the interest of the fine red line does not concern the characters and it is not in the drama.
He was frequently criticized for his lack of dramatic structure, but Malick clearly has different things in his mind.
No one ever thought that taking dramatic entertainment of war is an operator?
What Malick works is the theme, and in this, the thin red line is the most caused.