My summer was recently saved by two very different films.
The opening night, I saw American Pie 2 and I laughed like a moron.
Then a few nights later, I looked and really appreciated the Greenfingers of Joel Hershman even if he did not have a trip to the group camp, the action of girls on girl or Seann William Scott.
However, I felt as well by leaving American Pie 2 as I did after leaving Greenfingers, which tells the offbeat story of the British murderer Colin Briggs (Clive Owen de Croupier).
After spending about half of his life behind bars, he is transferred to a clearer installation, Edgefield.
Picaresque and rustic prison allows prisoners to learn a profession, while enjoying the accommodation generally found in most colleges.
At first, Briggs does not want to be there.
He is used to living as a prisoner and wants to be left alone.
However, his sick roommate, Fergus (David Kelly of Waking Ned Devine), carries Briggs through his benign nature.
The two become friends, Fergus giving Colin a pack of purple seeds as a Christmas gift.
Briggs is amazed when the violets develop in limestone soil and start a fight with three other prisoners when a wandering football break its beloved flowers.
After the governor of the prison (Warren Clarke) reprimands them, he is impressed by what Briggs accomplished.
And he is struck by an idea - Briggs, Fergus and the other men will cultivate a garden in the field of the prison.
Greenfingers, who is "inspired by real events", becomes a bit like a sports film after that.
Despite their differences, men come together and thanks to hard work and love gain a place in the Big Game - in this case, a prestigious garden show.
In this case, a renegat, Briggs will prove to have talent.
Of course, love will also save the head (no, not "the love of prison").
At the credit of Hershman, he does not pump the drama or try to laugh cheap, like the comedy of the boxed marijuana from last year.
I had to continue to pinch myself when I did not see a single scene of a stupid stupid in eternal on a pot of breakdowns, or the men giving high-fives on a particularly surprising lot of wild flowers.
The film deals with people and scores on this concept.
It is wonderful to see Briggs go from a bitter prisoner to a man who cares again.
Give credit to Owen for keeping his cool in a game that requires acting too much.
His speech to the conditional liberation council on being reborn by gardening is the best scene of its kind since the latest stand of Morgan Freeman in the redemption of Shawshank.
Owen's bedside scenes with Kelly, who lends a human touch to the film, are a wonder to see, emotionally captivating without being Sappy.
Written by Hershman, Greenfingers contains a lot of laughter.
Most come with the kind authorization of Helen Mirren, who shines as a world class gardener who works with the detainees but fears for her primrose daughter (Natasha Little) when she begins to go out with Briggs.
The mother cannot believe what he will do if her daughter "burns the Sunday roast".
Nothing is forced in Greenfingers.
The funny lines come out naturally in conversations and not from punch lines.
The relationship of primrosis and Briggs takes annoying measures.
Even when Briggs decides to return to Edgefield, this is for loyalty reasons, not because the film forces him to do so.
After having grimacted through the forced pouffonies of films of films like America's Sweethearts and The Princess Dairies, it is an almost indescribable pleasure to see a director take his time to tell a story very well.