For more than a decade, Anjelica Huston has been one of the best American actresses.
In his beginnings as a director, Bastard de Carolina, based on the widely autobiographical book by Dorothy Allison on children's abuse and poverty in the south, Huston also displays an impressive skill behind the camera.
The film tells the story of Ruth Anne Boatwright, nicknamed Bone by one of her uncles at birth, in the South Carolina of the World War II.
Thanks to the voiceover (narration produced by Laura Dern), we find that she has hardly survived at birth, while her single mother Anney, played by Jennifer Jason Leigh, was thrown through the windshieldDuring a car accident.
This is only the start of his problems.
The bone is deemed illegitimate on his birth certificate, a social stigma that his mother and his big poor family are obsessed for the years to come.
Anney meets and marries Lyle, a kind man and a good stepfather who gives Bone a little sister before dying in a car accident.
Anney's brother, Earle, played by Michael Rooker, presents Glen, played by Ron Eldard, a colleague in Mill.
Glen, the black sheep of a rich family ("When are you going to make your dad proud?
I'll tell you when - never! "
It is said) and filled with bitterness, the Anney courts and finally win it, despite the warnings of a violent temperament.
When Anney makes a miscarriage with her very popular little boy, Glen loses his ability to remove his violent explosions and begins to direct them to Bone, the beating and abusing, while the dependent on love Anney tries to close her eyes andto justify his behavior.
Things run for the worst when Glen loses his job and the family of four sinks into the impoverishment.
Although there are several decades ago, this story remains completely relevant in today's society, where abused wives return to their husband, and the abuses committed against children by a spouse are regularly neglecting by the other.
The real star of this domestic drama is not a high -level Jennifer Jennifer, but the actress of the child Jena Malone, who plays bone in a heartbreaking and totally impressive first performance.
His work is of award -winning caliber, and at that time when a premium of superb children artists emerged (Kirsten Dunst, Tina Majoro, Anna Paquin, Natalie Portman, Christina Ricci, Elijah Wood), Malone's performance gets up well.
Leigh's performance in Bastard out of Caroline is good, even if she has not really given much to do, and Ron Eldard's work is very solid, skillfully converting the mood of his character in and out of theexplosive rage.
You can always feel that under its Glen is a cooking baking out.
From the support distribution, the special note must be made of the performance of Michael Roboker criminalally underestimated.
There is a little too much generic formula in the scenario to my taste, of the different characters throwing bumpkinisms outside the country, in the familiar view of an old dried wise granny (played by Grace Zabriskie) seated on the rocking chair of the porch, with passionate soliloquies better suited to a performance on stage.
However, it cannot be denied that Anne Meredith's scenario contains a word of emotional power.
Huston's film's direction is infallible and impressive, giving the film a good rhythm and provoking good performance of her cast, in particular the young Malone.
His children's mistreatment sequences are turned in an emotional and impactful rather than graphic way, and are very effective.
The talent of Huston with the positioning of the camera is wonderful, of a visually striking shot through a fan, to a prolonged sequence on the front seat of an automobile.
The film has the feeling of television production; Bastard Out of Carolina was initially composed and cut for broadcasting on the TNT cablodistribution station, which ended up refusing the film due to feelings that scenes of abuse and rape inThe film were too disturbing for their audi Nce.
Perhaps certain sequences of the film can be unpleasant, but in the entire Salaud of Caroline, is added to a powerful experience of the spectator to see.