The director Jan de Bont certainly knows how to make superior quality action films.
You do not need to look further than die hard (he was director of photography), speed and Twister of recent years for examples of his octane, the tip of your seat.
Speed 2 is no exception.
This time, the action takes place on a huge cruise liner, on which Sandra Bullock and Jason Patrick are trying to develop their relationship.
Yes, it's true, no Keanu Reeves this time, but don't fear, Jason Patrick is more than up to it.
Speaking of this, the work at hand is to completely stop the terrorist of Bonkers, Willem Dafoe, to crash on the lining in a huge island, after having stolen a collection of diamonds.
The reason for this act of destruction is revenge.
After years of work for the company that builds computers of cruising liners, it contracts into copper poisoning and is withdrawn.
Naturally, what implies the next one is a lot of high -quality jump / general race and general action, because Jason Patrick does his best to save the day.
By thinking about this film, you can't help but admire its structure.
The path, Willem Dafoe initiates her plan and throws red herring with crew and passengers.
The race against time to save the lining of the crushing, and of course, the Chase Scence final.
 (Although this is ruined by one on top, too many casples and explosion.)
Simple in construction, effective in its execution, and the result, a clear and concise and very pleasant action film.
The game is adequate, although it is damn obvious that Sandra Bullock is only there to create a call `Hot Totty '' to men (and she does it perfectly!), Jason Patrick superbly fulfills the role of action heroesAnd Willem Dafoe is just great the crazy terrorist.
Overall, Speed 2 is a very pleasant feeling walk.
Not up to its high caliber of the predecessor but very good all the same.
Many things happen, some of the thrills are quite tense and it also proves that you do not need blood and guts to make a good action film.