True faith and its expression through organized religion are a difficult subject for a film to tackle head -on, that is probably why so few of them do it.
Even the most religious directors - such as Martin Scorsese or Ingmar Bergman - generally tackles questions of faith in implicit rather than explicit religious terms.
It is therefore not difficult to see why Robert Duvall took fifteen years to put "the apostle" on the big screen.
In fact, even after fifteen years, he has always managed to obtain financial support, and he ended up paying it with $ 5 million on his own money.
He also wrote the script, directed the film and played as a central character, a fierce preacher of Texas named Euliss "Sonny" Dewey.
Few filmmakers have the courage and the pure daring to assume this kind of financial, technical and creative responsibility alone, and that is a testifies to what it was an intensely personal project for Duvall.
And, fortunately, each piece of this personal investment translates to the screen in power and honest emotion.
Sonny is an energetic and Pentecostal preacher who speaks (shouted) behind the pulpit since he has been twelve years.
He spends a large part of his time traveling in the country, evangelizing with other preachers during the recovery of tents.
Unlike most Hollywood characterizations of intense preachers, Sonny is not a false or a crook, and the goal of the film is not to find hypocrisy and sin in Sonny or the Church.
Duvall clearly shows that Sonny really believes in that he says, although like all humans, he has weaknesses.
One of his weaknesses becomes obvious when he discovers that not only his wife who has been suffering for a long time, Jessie (Farrah Fawcett), wants to leave him for another man in the congregation, but the two have secretly plotted to withdraw him carpre.
Faced with the loss of two things he loves passionately - his church and his family - this same raw power that allows Sonny to obtain whole congregations that turn and turn into a violent temperament.
During his son's baseball match, Sonny slams and smashed his wife's lover with a baseball bat, inflicting an injury that can be fatal.
Not knowing what else to do, Sonny disappears.
He throws his identification, leads his car to a lake and takes a bus for Louisiana, hoping to start again.
In the tiny coastal city for the most part of Bayou Boutte, Sonny once again found her vocation.
After having friendship with a simple car mechanic (Walt Goggins) and found the ex-minister of the city (John Beasley), Sonny installed his own church, the only way to Heaven Temple.
Repressing himself as "the apostle e.F
But, always, Sonny's past hides a step behind him, waiting to swallow his progress.
Duvall made his intentions to make clear "the apostle".
In a recent article in "Newsweek", he wrote: "The filmmakers almost never represent spirituality with such a strong accent on the Holy Spirit, and when they do it, he tends to condescension - full of charlatans andSnake managers ...
But what I really wanted to do was try to understand what these preachers are going through and what they believe, and to represent it precisely. "
The strength of Duvall's convictions turns out to be the strength of his film - "the apostle" always sounds true, even in the most painful moments, because we know that it is sincere with the subject.
After fifteen years of traveling to the country, listening to all the forms and sizes of ministers and taking studious notes on what they said, Duvall captured the energy and the vitality of what it means to be really spiritual.
His Sonny is a man who speaks directly to God and who expects to say.
 "I have always called you Jesus and you have always called me Sonny, "he said.
When the neighbors call and complain that it is too strong one night in a single stroke with the man upstairs, Sonny's mother (June Carter Cash) hangs up on them because she knows that he does notThere is no sense to try to interrupt him.
The main theme to emerge from "the apostle" is the fact that the property can come from any situation.
Sonny's act of violence against another human being is undoubtedly a horrible thing, and Duvall never narrows.
However, this same act of violence is what brings Sonny to Bayou Boutte, where he finds people he desperately needs and who desperately need him.
In a short time in Louisiana, he made a world of good, and when the police finally presents himself to take him, he goes quietly, knowing that he deserves the punishment that awaits him.
And, as shown in a scene during final credits, he even transforms his punishment into a positive opportunity for change and improvement.
It is this strength in the character of Sonny that makes him so attractive and magnetic for others - he is imperfect, but it is powerful enough to overcome these faults.
Low men are those who simply accept their weaknesses and do not have the desire to improve.
Looking at Duvall on the screen, it is not difficult to imagine that it would have been a magnificent preacher if he had chosen this vocation on act.
As Sonny, he completely lives the character, and his performance is certainly the best of the year.
Because he spent so much time absorbing the features, methods, quirks and personalities of real preachers, Duvall was able to create a complete character who always feels indelible.
As a director, Duvall believes that the less is more.
His camera simply takes what's going on in front of him, with very little intrusion.
There are no fantasy crane plans or stretched shots or excessive close -ups.
Duvall knew that the power of the characters in the film (improved by the fact that he mainly threw non -professional faithful and real ministers) did not need to be artificially improved.
In this way, "the apostle" is played almost as a documentary, not only in its technical simplicity, but more importantly, in its sense of reality.