The Bond series is an island in the world of cinema; where would we have impatiently waiting for the clichés and all the other things that happen in most of these films?
Where else the pure escape, a vulnerable hero, the "bad guys who speak", the flagrant placement of product, the predictable action of action and a lot of promiscuity as they are hoped for a significant change?
I don't understand it myself, but that's what the Bond series is based.
For (I think) 18 films, we especially have the same thing again and again, with a certain variation (and a little change, especially in the two films of Dalton).
But even me, a king of cynicism, I cannot lie about it.
And "Tomorrow Never Dies", the (again) the nineteenth Bond film, and the second film by Brosnan Bond, is no exception.
Thank God !
The intrigue, as in most of them, is pure Balderdash, but seems to have a good type of edge.
Instead of simple billionaire psychotics, we get a Murpert Murdoch / psychotic media magnate - Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce, in search of a whiteid haircut to obtain notes by creating a war.
No, it's not "Wag the Dog" - he wants a real war, between China and England, and is stupid enough to put the blanket before someone else discovers it ... in
Bond comes.
James is sent worldwide, trying to do research on Carver, fighting with his men and meet (more than one opportunity) a Chinese secret agent like him: Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh, Star of Asian Actionextraordinary .... and
Co-star of "Supercop", almost flying the screen to Jackie Chan in that one).
The two finally and, of course, of course start to work together, and yes, there is a sexual tension between the two.
Fortunately, their relationship is never tense and she never gives in to her cassanovass to the final.
God again.
In each film Bond, James Bags, on average, three women (sometimes more, sometimes less-the latter being more powerful towards the Dalton-Cautionary), and it does not spoil it (even if we never see them, wellSure I mean, they must stay around a PG-13 note).
There is always one at the beginning with a girl that we never see again, the Big Bond Girl (Yeoh), and this time we have a Cameo of Teri Hatcher as a woman of Carver, Paris, who seems to-It was once a Desfilles, he bags at the beginning.
Yes, Teri is very attractive, but it seems a little dull.
Of course, it is not really her fault; her part is undefeated, and she is only in a small part of it.
too bad .
And there are always the great henchmen, the guys who do the dirty job for the big polished bad guys.
This time, we get a big guy (not to mention Robert Shaw "From Russia With Love", named Stamper (Goetz Otto), who is quite great, although a little stiff (well, especially his posture, really).
And for a little comedy, we get a cameo from Vincent Shiavelli as a German or Austrian assassin who is ordered to do at some point.
The people of the government have small pieces, as usual, q (Desmond Llewelyn, looking close to death, unfortunately) obtaining only one scene (of greater mood than usual), and M (JudiDench), obtaining more than M generally (I mean, it's Judi Dench).
And without any reason, except because he was so good in "Goldeneye", Joe Don Baker reproduces like Wade, admitting that he has no reason to be there, and this time is more boring.
Again, well.
The action sequences are not a outburst, although sometimes take place for too long.
They appear from time to time, mainly because they must (for the good of the series), and some are the most important, one in a garage with a BMW that works on the remote control and a motorcycle hunt (Surun cycle BMW,, Nevertheless) through Chinese streets (or was it Vietnam ...
The intrigue is not really essential).
They are more high technology and have much more laughs, which, yes, I dig.
And if they distracted; they are supposed to be!
The action game, most of them around is great.
Yeoh is, in fact, one of Bond's best girls, mainly because she is so unique.
Bond's best girls are more independent and have some cunning.
The pussy in Gogo, with its homoerotic nuances and everything, is one of the best, and Diana Rigg, which married Bond at the end of "on the secret services of His Majesty" to be killed, added an emotional depth.
Yeoh is remarkable because it is so active and has great chemistry with Brosnan.
Pryce is a brilliant, viscous and kind villain at the same time.
And Brosnan is, once again, the Mack Dad.
The Bond series is built on shots, mainly because they are so fun and add to the escape.
If you remember the Dalton years and it is a serious direction, you remember how unsuccessful they have been, both financially and aesthetically.
The series would hesitate if it was in particular with too much plot, too many themes and too much characterization.
I don't really understand it myself, but I am one of the biggest fans in the series in the northeast of the United States.
After having seen them all once (yes, I have already seen this twice), you can say that I love them.
Although this is not one of the best, like "Goldfinger" or "From Russia With Love", "Tomorrow Never Dies" is nevertheless a really great episode, even if it is not as incredible as some of the best.