Land: A guy and his brother drive the Cross-Country and decide to be wrong with a trucker on their CB radio.
It takes long before their little farce does that someone is put in a coma (long story) and the next thing you know, the trucker also follows them.
Many whips follow and then, they collect their other friend, Venna, a girl to whom the guy has a crush.
But what is it...?
The trucker is still on the tail and now harasses the three young whippersnappers ...?
you bet !
Fuck yourself, Dorothy ... it's going to be a mute ride!
Critality: a good old days in the cinema!
Here is a film that really gives the major part of his intrigue in his trailer and does not really bring anything "new" to the foreground (if you have seen films like duel and breakdown, you have already crossed thisway), but always show you gangs, with realistic situations, credible characters, funny moments, thrills, chills, all shebang.
Let's abandon the director John Dahl, who continues to publish solid films every two years (if you haven't seen Red rock West, do a favor right now and note it on a piece of paper and rent itto your first convenience).
And just like this film, it has an excellent premise and puts everything in place at a uniform pace.
It gives you a little background on each of the three main characters, then shows you how a little stuffing can lead to lot problems for everyone!
Paul Walker really surprised me in this film, because I never thought it much like a pretty face (and damn, is it never pretty or what?!)
But here, he actually manages to put depth behind the looks and it is always appreciated in the films in which you are so closely linked to the main characters.
Sobieski is also good, but she is not in the film as long as you think, but the man who really carries this film at another level, is Steve Zahn.
If you liked this guy like "goofball" in most of his previous roles, you will appreciate it even more here, like the guy who begins as one of the most manic and the most excited human beings that I haveseen in all time ("It's so great !!"),
Only to turn into a man frightened by his mind at the end of the film.
And speaking of the end, boy, does this film offer scary moments during his last 15 clicks or what?!?
The arrow and I were practically in the arms of each other (well, maybe I exaggerate, but you catch my drift) because every minute caused another turn of events which, in turn, brought everything toAn even higher level.
Again, congratulations to the Dahl director for having been able to generate this type of intensity, suspense and tension, with an excellent score, a montage, a style and a camera work.
Regarding the plot, I also wondered how the "bad guy" was able to follow them so well, but that didn't really disturb me (you can assume that he had drunk their car?).
But almost all the rest of the story remained like glue and I couldn't help but put myself in their place and appreciate their completely desperate circumstance.
An excellent film with an even cooler ending, this film will probably remain in memories as one of the best thrillers of the year.
 "This is incredible!!"
Where does Joblo come from?
American Psycho (10/10) - Sea Blue Deep (8/10) - Eye of the Beholder (4/10) - The Fast and the Furious (7/10) - Final Destination (8/10) - The Glass House (6/10) - not far (8/10)