Review: Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai (1999)
Cast: Forest Whitaker, Henry Silva, Cliff Gruman, John Tormey, Gene Riffini, Victor Argo, Tricia Vessey, Isaach de Bankole ', Camille Winbush Director: Jim Jarmusch Writer: Jim Jarmusch
Note: Good blow (stars)
Languide, but pointed and concentrated, Ghost Dog: The Way of the Sublimely Sauvages our cultural fascination for the mafia and the elegant, ultra-cool and cinematographic image of the wages killer.
Juxtaposing the code of honor of the Samurai of feudal Japan against the Bound Modus Operandi tradition of the American / Italian mafia, it is constantly flourishing with the precision of a sculptor with the archaic foundations of the two while they wood, similar toDinosaurs, to operate in the modern era.
The director Jarmusch joyfully plays the iconoclast, tearing Mafioso's precepts with acid touches of mind.
Using a mouth of whitewashed colors, Jarmusch keeps lugubiously maintains a tone of desolation that deleasals the many sparks of laughter aloud punctuating the film.
He does not meet the expectations of the public of hyper-colored and stylized violence and shooting game where nobody dies.
The action is presented in flat and brutal codas.
The bullets have a permanence.
Death has consequences.
The film goes beyond standard conventions to become a meditation on the concepts of honor and loyalty.
It is an anti-film, in a way.
There are few photogenic and empathic characters for the public to fall in love.
It is not a film that holds you with love.
There are dark and contemplative moments and the film holds you firmly by the shoulder, just thus, asserting itself so that all see them.
The Fulcrum of the thematic balancing act of the film is Ghost Dog, a Hitman Mafia.
Twist on the stereotypical image of the crowd executor, Ghost Dog is a hilarious contradiction in terms.
Unlike elegant and muscular killing machines to which we are used to, we are given a black man from the city center who is overweight and with the protrusion, filled with chapped hands and dirty and crumpled clothes.
He wears a hooded sweatshirt, which he often pulls his head, giving him an appearance of a monk.
There are no acrobatic back flips and brilliant super cannons in its arsenal.
He uses old and worn weapons and simply goes about his tasks in an economical, efficient and without pleasure.
Ghost Dog is a disciple of the old manners of the samurai, distilling the essence of his life through the filter of a book, which he reads daily, Hagakure: The Way of the Samurai.
Life consists of simple pleasures for him: ice cream, hot naps on the roof and good books.
The ghost dog lives, so to speak, by the basic principle expressed by his book; you have to start every day considering himself dead.
Living at the top of an abandoned building, surrounded by its herd of animal carriers, Ghost Dog exists in a Nether world without comfort of creatures and friends.
He wants even more.
As he says late in the film, "I saw everything I want to see."
It exists in a spiritual world of the Spirit, winning the moral subsistence of its readings.
Ghost Dog was not always as he is presented.
In several Roshomon type flashbacks, it is shown how Ghost Dog was attacked by racist white men and beaten almost to death until the timely intervention of a good Samaritan, this "Samaritan" being a soldier in a family ofaging crime.
Ghost Dog promises his life in the service of man, Louie (Tormey), as a reimbursement.
After years of faithful service, Ghost Dog is sent, by Louie, to kill "Handsome Frank", a man made in the organization of Louie who fled with the daughter of the boss of the crime, Louise (Vessey).
Ghost Dog performs his task without words, witness by Louise, whom he spares, while she sits to look at a cartoon of Betty Boop, grabbing a copy of the book, Roshomon.
In a little synchronicity, Louise lends the book to Ghost Dog.
upset that Frank was removed by someone who is not from the family, the bosses of the mafia, in turn, Take a hit on Ghost Dog in a perverse turn of loyalty to their murdered comrade.
The rest of the film holds the dated value systems of the mafia and the ghost dog to the light of a new millennium with many acerbic characteristics while the two factions come in conflict.
The theme of the ancient cartoons vanish over time, each time showing a violence of cartoons which is in net counterpoint to the reality of the world of Ghost Dog.
Whenever a character is shown by looking at a cartoon, it is from the same time, Betty Boop, Felix le Cat, etc., a reflection of past days.
Towards the end, Louise looks at a cartoon which is a gap compared to the previously shown people.
It is a bit of daring on the part of Jarmusch which is very effective, despite the surreal nature.
While Ghost Dog floats in his world, his life is affected by two people.
One is a wise little girl (winbush) who connects with Ghost Dog through their love of reading.
It symbolizes a fusion of the old ways and new sensitivities, just as Louise ultimately does.
At the end of the film, the fact that Jamusch is so effective in illustrating the tenuous link between the two is a testimony to his skills as a writer.
The other person in Ghost Dog's World is a seller of ice cream (De Bankole) who speaks only French, but intuitively shares a relationship with Ghost Dog.
The seller is the literal foreigner in a strange country.
Jarmusch, through the rapper / composer Rza, underlines his film with rap and reggae music, which, at first glance, seems dichotomous, but its primary rhythms are used to strengthen the fundamental nature of the film.
Ghost Dog seems to draw a certain type of strength from rap music to which he listens as he negotiates the streets in various stolen cars.
 (which, in itself, presents another paradox on the sense of honor of the dog of Ghost.)
Chef Mafioso is played by Henry Silva with a resignation against stone.
Of all caricatured gangsters, he is the only one who seems to be aware of his state in the world.
Gorman plays Sonny, a lieutenant who respects the old ways, has an eccentric affinity for rap music, a lovely love shown in several impromptu displays.
Ruffini seems the most true reflection of the mafia.
He is the ball of a man, helped by two hearing aids, who barks advice without really hearing what he or others say.
Whitaker carries the film using what really the great actor, his face.
Ghost Dog is reluctant to speak, often walking for long periods without doing it.
The fact that Whitaker can transmit such a wide range of emotions through a gesture or a look is a remarkable talent.
Although the film has a deliberate pace, some of the late night readers and the walks made by Ghost Dog led to the momentum.
Really tragic is the way Ghost Dog badly affirms Japanese honor in his final confrontation with the crowd.
He turns out to be so desperate with spiritual advice through hagakure that he cannot really adapt it to what is real and true in his world.
Pursued on the shoulders of a remarkable performance by Whitaker, Ghost Dog exceeds being a characterization or an icon, in a figure that arouses sympathy, if not a little pity.