I start writing this criticism before going to see the strawberry and chocolate, the nomine for Cuba Oscars for the best foreign film, directed by Tomas Gutierrez Alea (which also made the sometimes and in certain circles acclaimed by criticismMemorias del Subdesarrollo - "Souvenirs of underdevelopment".
I saw Memorias as part of a Cuban cinema course at the end of the 1970s; he merged the policy of the Cuban revolution with banal elements of the human condition.
I knew then that Memorias was probably a political missive sanctioned by the state, and I now expect the strawberry will follow suit.
Internetrs colleagues, mainly in the discussion group dedicated to Cuba (Culture of Soc. Cuba), mentioned that strawberry is a severe criticism of the revolution and its current state.
I jumped to the conclusion that the strawberry is nothing more than a veiled attempt to marry the party line - it probably resembles political criticism, but this is not the case.
Having an anecdotal knowledge of the first -hand and in -depth of Castro's repression, I cannot conceive of his honest criticism and adversary of the revolution, and I cannot imagine that he lets no one suggest his failure as a leader of afailed movement.
As children say these days, Duh!, The current state of the revolution does not need criticism; its physical and spiritual collapse is obvious.
The appropriate questions to put relate to the legitimacy of Castro.
I bet that the film holds the power of Castro for granted, and that this film or any other film, produced under the control of the state of Cuba, cannot question its right to direct the political program of Cuba (in progress for over 36 years).
This is why I cannot believe that Strawberry is an honest criticism of the regime.
Let's see what's going on after the room is dark and the screen lights up.
I saw the film - twice.
I was right; Castro remained intact.
Strawberry negotiates the relationship between a young "dialectical materialist", as he described himself and a homosexual photographer (Diego) in 1979 Cuba.
The young man (David) is the son of the peasants; a symbol of the reason for the revolution.
Recognizing the revolution for the opportunity to receive a university education, he studies political science instead of literature, his vocation, because he perceives that it is his duty.
This is where a probably involuntary irony resides, because Cuba does not need political theorists.
The Cuba government is Castro.
Diego's lifestyle is the antithesis of revolutionary life.
He likes the finest things - Téré, Opera, art.
He does not make a "volunteer" for the Revolution.
Her small apartment is a sensual oasis.
The nickname "bourgeois" leans figuratively above his head during the first parts of the film.
However, he is a "revolucionario" in his own way.
The roles of support are filled by: an aging busy body with a heart of gold and a troubled psyche; David's roommate, who rallyed the line of communist party to the extreme expected; David's ex-girlfriend,Who threw him for another guy, wants to sleep before leaving for Italy with her husband; German, a gay sculptor whose work Diego tries to exhibit, and which strikes a Faustian pact with the government.
GUTIERREZ ALEA and CODIRECER JUAN Carlos Tabio do a good job to show almost that homosexuals can also be revolutionaries.
Heck, towards the end of the film, you start to think that the guy deserves a medal for his patriotic fervor.
He really likes the revolution (as everyone cared for in Cuba) and wants to improve it by exposing and correcting some of his faults.
The real criticism is however missing.
This film is a political basket.
OP of Luis Aguilar Leon.
ed.
The play on Fresa in Miami Herald (March 10, 1995, at 21A) did not color my judgment; it warned my intuition.
Aguilar Leon expressed my feeling about the political angle of this film: like many artistic events in Cuba , strawberries and chocolate came from a completely manipulated environment.
As the critic Ivan de la Nuez declares it well in the last issue of the magazine's postmodern notes, the artists in silence are those who refuse to accept "the charade in which the artists can cause a point, while the institutions legitimateprohibiting them beyond this point.
Although a terrible propaganda is also a beautiful film.