Call me crazy, but I don't see the safeguard of soldier Ryan as the summer film.
A good film, yes, with frightening battle scenes and emotions to lose.
A film totally rusing with the best work of Steven Spielberg, no.
Personally, if I was Spielberg, I would not go back at the time of the Second World War once again after the list of Schindler and the films of Indiana Jones.
I guess Steve has something for the Nazis; I would really not be surprised if a velociraptor ate one of the guys wearing the swollen cross in the next film Jurassic Park.
All the pretexts raised apart, saving soldier Ryan is the most goorine film on this side of a Slasher film in the 1980s.
The difference is that it is easy from Friday 13 to laugh from a spear that comes out of Kevin Bacon's chest while blood springs like crazy, but it is damn difficult to sit and eat pieces of ReeseWhile soldiers suffer from machine gun balls and have their intestines is spread on the battlefield.
And believe me, there are many.
A 30 -minute sequence at the start of the film has an army captain (Tom Hanks) and his soldiers landing in Omaha Beach to join countless other Americans who are already under fire.
The lives are lost in a few seconds while the deliberately confusing and shocking scene continues, and all the young men of the public never find themselves, never wanting to be drafted.
Cut into a bureaucratic defense office, where a hundred women strike letters of sympathy to the families of the victims.
A woman performs on an interesting detail - three brothers from different platoons have been killed in combat, and their mother obtains the telegram today.
I suppose that this is an interesting article of conversation to everyone except the mother, so the head of the army (Harve Presnell) sends Hanks to what is essentially a mission of public relations, to find the fourth brother Ryanand send him home.
In this way, the army saves the post on another telegram to Mme.ryan.
A good thing about saving soldier Ryan is that the soldiers who head to Ryan know that it is a mission designed to ensure that the army is beautiful.
They question the value of risking the life of eight soldiers to save one, and the character of Hanks admits that he does not care about Ryan; he just follows orders.
If it was a film by John Wayne, things would be different.
There would be a false, "Let's get this boy, my God!"
Attitude that would have sugar the reality of war.
By doing things this way, Spielberg admits the instinct of self-service and the complacency of each normal person.
This makes private savings Ryan much more powerful than a stallone film mission focused on testosterone.
The film model is to have long battle scenes followed by calm scenes of semi-intospective conversation between the soldiers.
Hanks is painted first as a man in the nail army who takes care to hide his real me from other men.
It's not like that long.
Edward Burns, the guy you get for your film when Ben Affleck is not available, is impulsive.
Jeremy Davies plays the translator who sees the fight for the first time, etc.
None of the characters are fascinating or natural heroes, but was the obvious intention of Spielberg.
I was wondering when I heard that the safeguard of soldier Ryan was three o'clock, how were they going to fill three hours in search of a person and make him still interesting?
There are a few false starts; Hanks finds a Ryan soldier in the company of Ted Dance (apparently, Dance joined the army after the cancellation of "Ink".) And announces the bad news before learning that cis the bad Ryan.
And of course, the film is far from finishing when Hanks locates Ryan (Matt Damon, the other guy you get when Affleck is not available).
It is at this moment that the film is transformed into a conventional war film, although the parts of the body and the members always fly like never before.
Saving the private Ryan is worth your time, but it is certainly not list .
The battle scenes are intense and realistic, but some of the attempts at sincere emotion are not.
The film's livresses are particularly cheesy and out of words, when an old private Ryan goes to the cemetery with his family and bathe my eyes, whining: "Tell me that I have led a good life.
Tell me I'm a good man. "
Spielberg apparently followed the James Cameron line of thought that any three -hour film on the past should be supervised by a prologue and an autonomous epilogue that take place in the present.
More effective scenes are much more subtle, like that where several hanks men compete through a bag of dogtags of dead soldiers, and they shed light on what they are pretending to play poker.
What during an airborne division passes, their eyes full of this mound of dogtags.
By not explicitly emphasizing that it symbolizes the random poker game that life and death can be at war, the public receives the message.
And even if it is not a classic, saving the private Ryan is certainly one of the best war films.