You may not have heard of Lucas, or if you have done it, you might not think about it much.
Probably because it features Corey Haim, or perhaps because it is a little geek that collects insects, or perhaps because it does not present smooth liners or albumsThe soundtrack of the head table which was almost a requirement for films for adolescents in the 80s.
However, you missed a real master, the best film of 1986, and the best film on the life of teenagers ever made.
Corey Haim embodies Lucas Bligh, a 14 -year -old girl with scouring hair, thick glasses and interest in insects and other external lives.
One day, he stops at the tennis courts and sees what must be an angel for him.
His name is Maggie, a 16 year old child who is certainly a beauty, with beautiful red hair and a soft and innocent complexion.
Maggie seems to be a little disturbed by this little child looking at her, but he interests him in one way or another, and soon they speak and know each other.
They gradually become good friends and spend the summer together to do various things, such as studying insects (namely the locusts, who come out to hide once every 17 years), play tennis and listen to a symphonic orchestra throughA man's hole cover.
Lucas is obviously in love with Maggie, and even if she is charmed by him, it is clear that she would never consider him anything more than a very good friend.
It is not clear for Lucas, however.
He always believes that Maggie is his soul mate, and he fears the imminent beginning of the school because he knows what will happen.
We soon discover why in a painful scene where Lucas is humiliated by the jocks during a pep rally.
They throw him on stage, just in front of his beloved Maggie.
Surprisingly, he turns the tables on the jocks with a little clown, but he goes too far and is embarrassed in front of the whole school.
The next scene is brilliant.
Maggie follows Lucas outside the pep rally.
She tries to speak to her as if nothing happened.
He returns against her, in an unjust cruel way.
In lower films, this would have transformed into a confrontation between the two characters.
But Maggie is written smarter than that.
She understands what Lucas feels and knows exactly what to say to console him.
Then we are presented to another great character named Cappie (Charlie Sheen).
He is a jock with a typical pom-pom girlfriend.
What is interesting in him is that he stands for Lucas and protects him from other jocks.
Of course, anyone with a brain can say what will happen next.
Cappie will cause conflicts in the Maggie and Lucas relationship.
It starts in a classic scene in the school laundry room when Cappie and Maggie are alone.
She was assigned to show him how to operate the washer / dryer so that he can clean his shirt.
Maggie is charmed by the tender behavior of Cappie, not to mention his shirtless body.
This scene is so delicate and sweet, but Cappie always has a girlfriend, preventing one or the other from acting on their desires.
Desperately trying to pierce the tension, Cappie begins to kick the basketball balloons in the room.
It doesn't take long before Cappie is falling with her girlfriend (in the films scene only).
Lucas finally understands what is happening when he tries to choose Maggie for dance.
This makes him take serious measures to prove himself in Maggie and himself, like trying it for the football team.
The last third of the film revolves around this attempt.
Although the idea seems to be cliché, the way it is executed is not.
There are a lot of surprises during the last half hour that lead to an end so emotionally implying that it should make the heartless of cynics.
The memorable partition of Dave Grusin, played at perfect moments, certainly helps.
Lucas is filled with great performance.
Forget everything you know about Corey Haim.
In 1986, he had talent, and it was Proven here because it offers perfectly three -dimensional performance filled with anger, humor and pain.
Kerri Green is very attractive as Maggie, showing us why she cares so many Lucas and why he is so attracted to her.
The Cappie de Sheen is almost too beautiful to be true, but Sheen makes him beleivable, especially when he explains the reason why he protects Lucas.
There are other wonderful minor characters such as Ben de Ciro Popitti, a friend of Lucas, whose small size does not mean that he will take the shit of the Jocks.
Winona Ryder is also over in some key scenes as Rina, the girl who admires Lucas from afar.
When people talk about the great anguish of adolescents of the 80s, you hear John Hughes and John Hughes.
Lucas seems to be lost among the crowd of his so-called classic.
But I hope, as with Heathers and say anything, Lucas can start finding his own faithful audience and helping people realize that there was more in the 80s than Anthony Michael Hall and Molly Ringwald.
It deserves more than that, but I don't want to be greedy.