Ingredients: hungry artist who covets a beautiful woman from her childhood
Synopsis: Great Expectations (1998) is a modernized version of a novel by Charles Dickens.
In the classic original by Charles Dickens, an orphan boy named Pip learns life through his friendship with a sentenced escaped, his relationship with an old bitter lady named Miss Havisham, and her lifeless craze with the girl adopted by Havisham, Estella.
Most of the story is that an anonymous benefactor sends PIP to London for Pip to become a "gentleman" of the upper class.
PIP goes to London with "great expectations" to be maintained in a gentleman so that he can one day be chic enough to marry Estella.
But life has a way of complicating things.
Pip becomes an arrogant arrogant.
Until he learned exactly who his secret benefactor is.
In this new 1998 version of Great Entrain, a poor boy from Florida named Finn (Ethan Hawke) with a talent for drawing has an early memory to help a condemned to escape (Robert de Niro).
But soon the objective of Finn's life becomes romance, while he develops a life craze for Estella (Gwyneth Paltrow), a daughter of the upper crust with psychological and emotional problems because of her lifting in adysfunctional environment.
Estella was raised in wealth by MS.DINSMOOR (Anne BANCROFT), an eccentric, aged and embittered and hateful celibate aunt whose groom left her abandoned to the altar on her wedding day.
This makes Estella `` fear daylight '', but Finn thinks that this is only a case of snobbery.
When Finn becomes a young man, an anonymous benefactor puts Finn in New York with connections and advertising to be prepared in a famous artist.
Finn leaves Florida of "big expectations" to be a successful artist so that he can become chic enough to marry the Estella Snob.
What will happen to all the "big expectations of Finn"?
Opinion: If you are looking for a romance with a happy ending, do not look further; you have found one here.
Ethan Hawke is a romantic leader.
 (He romanticized Winona Ryder in reality.
He romanticized Julie Delpy before sunrise.
He romanticized Uma Thurman in Gattaca.
Now, in large expectations, he can continue Gwyneth Paltrow, a thin blonde of rail.)
Hawke plays a finn in love, serious and unchanged throughout the film.
Meanwhile, Paltrow portrays Estella as alternating between the exasperating teasing and the Ice Princess; the entire goal of Estella is to bring down the love men, then to hurt them rather than become intimate.
Anne Bancroft goes a little too far as a disturbed and pessimistic MS. Dinsmoor, while Robert de Niro properly takes the condemned part.
The difference between the classic novel by Dickens and this 1998 adaptation is that Dickens' novel is ripe with deep and timeless themes on the struggle and love of classes, while Great Awestsy (1998) is a more artistic story andLess complicated on an artist from the 1990s dealing with a vietaquiner.