It is difficult not to recommend "the others".
The supernatural thriller, written and produced by Alejandro Amen? Bar ("Open your eyes"), establishes and skillfully maintains a discreet threat atmosphere.
The cinematography, by Javier Aguirresarobe, is as good as I have ever seen and Nicole Kidman gives another in her growing body of great performances.
But the rhythm of history goes from deliberation to downright slow and the gain in history left me less than satisfied.
Overall, the film plays as a very high quality version of any number of old episodes of "Twilight zone" where the characters spend a lot of time wandering to look and disoriented, only to learnWhether they are actually a child's toy, a military project or a large store model.
Watching these vintage shows and listening to the players chat, I always wanted to shout: "Go ahead!"
As much as I appreciated the atmosphere and act in "the others", my reaction was almost the same.
Located in an island mansion off the coast of England during the Second World War, the story focuses on Grace (Kidman), who takes care of her children Anne (Alakina Mann) and Nicholas (James Bentley) and S'Worried by her husband, Charles (Christopher Ecclestonon), a missing soldier.
Anne and Nicholas suffer from photosensitivity and thanks to the domain with the keys of the 50 doors, protecting the small ones from the excess light by ensuring that one door is open at the same time.
At the start of the film, three servants, Mme.Mills (Fionnula Flanagan), Young, Mute Lydia (Elaine Cassidy) and MR.Tuttle (Eric Sykes), an aging gardener, join the family.
The two who speak seem quite pleasant at the beginning, but it soon becomes obvious that they know something that grace does not do.
To worsen things, the children are upset: Nicholas is unusually nervous and Anne claims to see ghosts.
Grace tries to blame the problems of new arrivals at home, only to realize that everything that happens exceeds it.
It is essentially the whole history, the tension increasing until the pivotal moment when everything becomes clear.
Earlier, there is an exceptional scene where Grace is walking outside, to be enveloped in folds after a shacking fold of fog.
The visuals of the sequence of another world, gracked with Aguirresarobe, are simply narcotic.
I also appreciated the presence of religion, a rarity in films dealing with the supernatural.
Grace is a Christian and answers his children's questions about life and death with the assurance of a devotee worshipers.
When the mother is absent, however, children speculate if her statements are facts or folklore, just like real children.
But these beautiful touches fail to animate a film that is too slow or compensate for a dull ending.
 "The other" goes to be a story of classic ghosts, but does not understand this something special that makes these films more than mist of mist.