Taking some tips from the Pulp Fiction School of Filmmaking, Go is the new feature film by the director of the cult overhaps.
The story focuses on a group of people, who include Brit Simon (Askew), and the Care Girls Claire (Holmes) and Ronna (Polley) and the misadventures in which they enter, divided into three chapters.
Everything, from sex to drugs through violence, is covered in a film with a much darkest advantage in comedy than swingers.
Although QT's touch is obvious in almost all frames, Go is entertaining enough to forget the similarities and enjoy the roller coaster.
Liman, who also photographed the film, has a clever touch with the camera, and the film looks good.
The film also seems to have benefited from a budget, the night club scenes in particular seem pretty good.
There is a twisted sense of humor that covers throughout, which guarantees that even the darkest scenes make a sly smile.
Young actors are talented and help bring history to life.
Holmes, one of the Dawson's Creek Cast (a spectacle that I don't particularly like) displays a lot of talent here, and despite its largely limited screen time manages to make a three -dimensional character and never becomes a caricature.
Askew is a little successful, being rather unpleasant.
Without a doubt, the filmmakers intended to have the public applauded when what happens to him, but instead of "funny funny", he is simply boring.
He drags one of the funniest chapters a bit, but the talent that surrounds him in this particular story that this compensates.
The real star is Sarah Polley as a drug crate: her refreshing and deeply pleasant performance makes the heavy stories in which she is much more entertaining.
Also entertaining Timothy Olyphant as a rather sinister drug trafficker, which gives a good evil performance.
The script, writes John August, is lively and full of mind, with a good dialogue and some funny jokes.
It starts quite slowly, but in about twenty minutes, the script has found its place and continues to improve.
The stories are largely satisfactory, although sometimes there is too much attention to one detail but not on another.
In addition, some of the ends seem a little forced and lucky.
However, the actors have a fleshy script to enter and obviously take advantage of it.
However, he may have tried a little stronger in certain parts, and these parts are lagging behind.
Because it is a Gen-Xer film, the compulsory soundtrack Rave must accompany, and Go is quite decent.
Unlike other Gen-Xers films, Go never allows music to substitute for intrigue or dialogue, which is a plus.
Go is a very easy to absorb film, and the audience is really starting to feel these characters.
Fortunately, they never become two -dimensional characters who are folded and twisted throughout the film to integrate into the mechanics of stories (like heroin in 10 things that I hate in your home.)
They are who they are and they stay like this.
Go is very fun and a worthy follow -up of the director of swingers.
Ignore the fact that it flies with pulp fiction and very bad things, and you just sit down and enjoy the roller coaster.
Uh, go ahead, I suppose.