Looking at the boiler, I constantly remembered the Masterpiece Fight Club from last year.
The two films consist of a male predominance distribution.
The two films follow young men as they illicate the traditional system for their own desires.
And the two films are seen through the eyes of a narrator, which ends up realizing that these men must be arrested.
Although the editor / director of the Ben Younger boiler does not make his point of view, and David Fincher makes him for Fight Club, he contributes another impressive work to a series of films aimed at representing the new generation.
A generation that has seen the Internet prosper and where everyone wants to be a millionaire.
Tribute to Wall Street Classique de Oliver Stone in 1987, younger almost modernizes history using younger actors and Hipper to play the gourmet wicked as opposed to the older and more experienced types.
As it is true in real life, young minds are becoming more and more rich in their knowledge of more standard technology.
The boiler room rejects the notion of ingenuity and shows that greed and the desire to be able to come at all ages.
Another similarity with Fight Club is that the two films are not action films.
Some people are convinced that a fully male casting automatically means that there must be bloody violence, here is the proof that this is not true.
If you want to see an action movie with Ben Affleck, go see the Renne Games this weekend.
If you want to see an intelligent and perceptive film with an excellent game and a smart script, see the boiler.
Giovanni Ribisi gives an exceptional performance as a narrator of the film, Seth.
After abandoning the college and managing a lucrative game center for college students in his apartment, Seth is offered a job well paid by a rich man (Nicky Katt).
He agreed to take the job (in which you are sure to become a millionaire within three years) after having sold actions to well-off Americans of the mid-West by phone and begins to integrate fairly well with his colleagues.
Learning delicate techniques to deceive the innocents by buying shares of a property in production, Seth is too good to be true.
After tripping in a room at the wrong time, he knows that there is something good in this company.
At this stage, Seth ends up with the ultimate choice; continue with the American dream and make millions or tell the authorities that something fish happens.
Ribisi is credible like Seth, especially when he shares scenes with Ron Rifkin, playing Seth's father.
The two have perfect chemistry as a father and son in difficulty trying to impress themselves and impress themselves simultaneously.
The transitions of anger to the sympathy that these scenes contain are the remarkable segments of the whole film.
The support cast of gourmet colleagues is also impeccable.
Ben Affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company, Nicky Katt is fabulous as a ostensibly sympathetic boss which ultimately becomes extremely jealous of Seth, and Vin Diesel gives his best performance of his career as a characteraluminum from Nicky Katt.
The energy of the distribution as a whole makes the boiler well rhythmic and never boring.
The only major error in the film is that nothing major happens.
There is no big twist of the plot or climate point to make the film more memorable.
Due to the absence of a major event, Boiler Room never finds an appropriate genre.
The film is not intense enough to be a thriller, the romantic segments involving Seth and Abby (Nia Long) are not properly finalized, and the dialogue is not funny enough to make it a comedy.
By having difficulty characterizing the film as a whole, the boiler is sometimes slightly confused.
He does not seem to know in which category to adapt.
A satisfactory conclusion scene could have changed the whole film for the best.
Otherwise, the film is fun to watch thanks to its animated distribution of young actors .