Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
Teaser's trailers for the marriage of my best friend gave reasons of hope - it looked like the kind of clumsy and light comedy that Julia Roberts could not put back under the spotlight, but a little more;Rarely saw a trailer place such an accent on people who fall so often to laugh.
It was then to my surprise and my joy to see that the marriage of my best friend was such a success - a strong and boiling romantic comedy with resolutely eccentric comic aspects, with a triumphant performance by MS.Roberts.
The heroine of my best friend's wedding is Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts), a successful criticism of the New York restaurant, and we open the film with a fanciful revelation to her publisher George Downes (Rupert Everett) years ago, years ago,She had made a pact with a pact with his dear best friend and former lover Michael O'Neal (Dermot Mulroney), a sports writer, that if they had not married when they reached 28 years, they had promisedto marry.
Julianne and Michael are both singles, of course, and when George inquires about Michael's age, Julianne realizes that he is only a few weeks old of her 28th birthday and is quite afflicted when sheReceives a phone call from Michael later during the day.
However, she finds herself even more distraught when Michael's call is regarding her imminent marriage with the heiress Kimmy Wallace (Cameron Diaz), and when he asks Julianne to fly to Chicago for marriage, JulianneSuddenly goes to Michael that she likes Michael, Etse resolves to break the marriage and steal the groom by all the necessary means.
The configuration of the marriage of my best friend is therefore quite conventional, and in many ways, the scenario of the film is formulated - but only to a certain extent: the film was directed by P.Jhogan, whose first feature film, Muriel'sWedding, had a fairly offbeat tone for a traditional ugly edifying story, and the same goes for the marriage of my best friend, who combines the traditional elements of romantic comedy with a really eccentric sense of humor.
The film is flooded with a sly playfulness which clearly seems the influence of Mr.hogan.
For example, there is a sincere emotional exchange between Julianne and Michael at the end of the film - with a trio of adolescents, inhaling helium and by sounding just like Alvin and the chipmunks, harmonizing in the background.
The marriage of my best friend opens with an inspired opening credit sequence that sets the tone for the film, and there are scenes where the actors spontaneously burst into the song to a good comic effect - we could almostTo affirm that this film is almost as musical as musical as musical as musical as musical as musical as musical as musical that musical is almost musical as musicalwoody allen is everyone says that I love you;'is more successful.
The marriage of my best friend also continues to break conventionality with his characters.
In a typical romantic comedy, Kimmy would be described as a queen of arrogant and accomplice ice, and the public encouraged Julianne to save Michael from her seizures; this film is smarter than that - here, Kimmy is sweet, sincere and innocent; Julianne admitsEven at some point that she had not resolved to completely destroy Kimmy's life, she would like him too.
The character of George is almost a must of the recent film - the homosexual male friend of the heroine who acts as a confidant and provides the guided voice of reason - but in the marriage of my best friend, he can have a fun personality, mischievous and charming.
Throughout the film, the formulations that we often see is the romantic comedy receives small twists and turns, and the result is a film which is convincing until its somewhat unorthodox conclusion.
There is a lot of intelligent writing in the script well punctuated by Ronald Bass; we are given four interesting, lively and friendly characters, with a good dialogue and Some truly charming and touching moments.
The marriage of my best friend marks a solid career rebound for Julia Roberts, who turns into a first -rate performance, confident and reassured as Julianne.
This is not the kind of role that we generally associate with SEP. Roberts - the neurotic and trialing characteristics of the character of Julianne are more in accordance with a Meg Ryan role - but Ms.roberts works wonderfully in the film andDemonstrates his aptitude for comedy here, remaining convincing and empathetic for the public, if not entirely sympathetic, even when his acts accomplished to destroy the wedding plans of his best friend are less than honorable.
Even better than MS.Roberts, however, is Cameron Diaz, who transforms a brilliant performance in the husband of my best friend.
With a smile that lights up the screen, she effectively transmits Kimmy's insecurity and sweetness in an endearing way, and never hits a false note in the film.
She even sings - I will not soon forget her charming serenade of "I don't know what to do with myself".
Rupert Everett has a very juicy role as George, and he takes advantage of it with a hilarious tour that makes his character the most alive and the most memorable of the film.
His George is a bit of a diabolical, entirely affable thug, and Mr. Everett's performance is a pleasure to look at; he has clearly fun and his joy is infectious.
Dermot Mulroney is adequate in an thankless role - unlike the other characters in the film, he does not have much to do, but there is real chemistry on the screen between ms.roberts and mr.mulroney, and therefore theLongtime friendship between his character as Michael and the character of Julianne always seemed completely authentic.
When Julia Roberts' brilliance began to fade, and she was usurped with her title of "America's Sweetheart" by Sandra Bullock, I thought it was a stretched career movement on her part to play aSupport role in prestigious projects like Michael Collins and everyone says that I say that I love you to enhance his profile.
Although it did not really work, it is almost constant that her successful return in the genre that made her a great star in 1990, the romantic comedy, will once again increase her put in the Hollywood game.
The wedding of my best friend marks a return to form for ms.roberts and cements p.jla reputation of Hogan as a qualified director of comedy.