Capsule: dark and at close range - as it should be.
makes his argument with a precision and a cold blood intelligence.
 "Serial Killer Chic" is a relatively new entry of cultural vocabulary, and one of the most rotting.
I have never found someone automatically admirable or even interesting because they killed in a creative or large number, and because of that, I had apprehensions to see Henry.
I was not sure that I wanted to see the story of the Multiple Multiple Henry Lee Lucas described as a kind of nihilist hero / anti-hero.
Fortunately, this is not how Henry works.
The director, John Mcnauughton, took a small budget and a gallery of friends of actors and created a frightening and intelligent work.
He does not provide inexpensive explanations for Henry's behavior: it shows him what he is, an unrepentant and unodolisable man who killed when the atmosphere struck him.
During the opening of the film, Henry's friend, Ottis Tole, has a sister, who comes to stay while she tries to find work in Chicago.
In a viciously fascinating scene, he actually admits to having murdered his own mother, and she covers his hand with hers.
They are damn together from this moment.
Henry and Ottis finally started killing for fun.
The film is particularly good to show how they seem to have derived with casualness: there is a scene where the two will buy a new television.
The pledged lender they speak to Henry with ugly words, and Henry responds by stabbing the man to death with a welding iron.
No preface - it crushes us as suddenly as the broker.
In a scene for which many damned the film, invisible, they fly a video camera and film the murder of an entire house, playing it again and again for their own pleasure.
The film itself, however, does not glorify the killings, but rather shows that Henry feels no joy in his work, only an irritation.
Henry succeeds thanks to excellent writing and direction as well as a game.
Michael Rooker is credible as Henry of the first image, just standing there, and the rest of the distribution also works by being not affected and relaxed.
The producers had initially commissioned a Slasher film from Mcnaughton, but he decided to give them something more memorable, and therefore the film has hardly seen its release.
The film does not glorify or justify - it just shows us, with a flawless coldness, which Henry was.
I find it difficult to see how someone can see this and consider Henry any kind of "victim" or "heroes".
Again, probably, Henry too.