Unlike the title, "The Boxer" is not another rocky story only this time spurted with a hard cold policy.
It's actually three films in one: a political film, a boxing film and a love story.
All these elements work in their regard and have a fairly decent balance between the three elements of the story, but it seems in a way cliché and not original.
We have already seen everything before, and we are just not blown away with that as we should.
too bad .
It's always an excellent Irish story.
 "The boxer" of the title is Danny Flynn (Jim Sheridan Staple Daniel Day-Lewis), a former member of the IRA who comes out of a Belfast prison after 14 years, and discovers that his problems are far from finished.
First of all, IRA has a small civil war between its chief Joe Hamill (Brian Cox), and one of his sub-leaders, Harry (Gerard McSorley), both opposed to the exit of many members from prison.
While it happens, Danny and his old drunken buddie, Ike (Ken Stott, who played the main inspector in "serious shallow" by Danny Boyle), will reopen an old gymnasium which allows the two opposing, Protestant and Catholic sects,To work together.
Danny not only begins to teach children to box, but has remained in great shape in prison, and is ready to start the boxing of real people.
And Danny meets his ex-love, Maggie (Emily Watson of "Breaking the Waves"), who has not seen him since her entry.
They do not start their romance more easily because she is the wife of a prisoner whom she married during Danny's mandate in prison, and also has a son, Liam (Ciaran Fitzgerald), that Liam hopescome out soon.
But both are slowly restarted each other, and it is starting to complicate things.
Political history is nothing really special but works in itself.
We have seen it several times before, but it is at least interesting, sometimes emotional, and even sometimes captivating.
There is a large riot towards the middle of the film which is frightening in its brutality and its honesty.
The story of boxing is very minor in history, but represents people who come together to fight fairly, and even with a good sporting spirit.
There are only a few boxing scenes, but they are never like "Raging Bull" / Strip-Strip-Down-the-Sport-To-Tests-Bones Brilliant.
They are more realistic, and instead of crunching bones, we hear the sound of the gloves hitting, which is sometimes slightly unshakable.
And I did not know that Daniel Day-Lewis was in such good shape.
But the backbone of history is love.
Because these characters receive such horrible circumstances, and as the two tracks have such a great chemistry together, we really feel their fate.
As the film continues and the circumstances worsen, the characters must make real human decisions, and we can sympathize with them as human beings and not characters.
This is how you write a love story - take note, Hollywood.
These elements are almost also balanced, each part of the stories working hand in hand.
I loved the way each of the different parts of the plot counted, and sometimes widespread in the next.
He made sure that we do not care about one of them.
I am not saying that they are all so great, because the love story really carries the film, but at least they all work respectively.
The game is incredible, with Day-Lewis and Watson giving excellent performance and showing great chemistry.
I don't know if they are linked to the Oscars, but they are very good.
In the roles of support, Billy Cox is very friendly as the head of IRA losing control of his daughter and his workers.
But the film is stolen interim by Ken Stott like Ike, who is only a great stage thief.
The management and co-writing of Jim Sheridan (with the other co-writing credit going to Terry George) is excellent, R Dedining on the characters, but not everything considerably across everything.
I noticed that the first half was very quiet (but fascinating), but the second half swirls at a quick pace, and ends far too quickly.
More time could have been devoted to the end, because it seems quite sloppy.
Although "The Boxer" is a good film, he never reaches the greatness he should.
Of course, it is a masterpiece compared to most of the Hollywood Raduls that we usually get, but only it could have been better.
But it still works, gives us a great love story combined with a political and boxing drama, and presents a big game.
Even if it could have been better, it will do the trick.