`` Pleasantville '' (1998) exploits the lack of integrity of Hollywood with subtle messages which can be easily missed
 (www. Pleasingville. Com) April 2, 1999 (Friday)
Const: Tobey Maguire, Reese Witherspoon, William H.Macy, Joan Allen, J.T.
Walsh, Jeff Daniels
MPAA note: PG-13 for sexual content and thematic elements
Genre: drama
in my opinion :
In short: it takes a lot of meticulous observation to see the real morality and the lessons highlighted in this film; we can easily be misleading on the real message.
Review: In a literally colorless world with an almost mechanical population, there is no room for the transition of variety or even the usual events of daily life, such as rain, fire or emotions.
The city of Pleasantville has an adjective: Pleasant.
There is no sadness, no fear, no danger, no discomfort, no love and no hatred.
In simple terms, it is a place where Alanis Morissette could really do wonders.
I a big note is that it is only a sitcom of the 1950s that is broadcast in reruns on an "oldie" television channel? Or is it?
I had waited for months to see this film and after doing it on opening day, I was not disappointed.
I found it quite intriguing and delicious and I returned 3 times more in the period he endured at the box office.
But it was not until months later, when I slipped for a little performance in one of these "theater rooms" minusprécécently experienced.
It is a false idea far too feasible that it is a film which transmits the idea that a world without a "healthy" immorality is not at all a world.
Instead, the real message, which has so far not been recognized by many viewers I know, is that a world without immorality does not give the possibility of discerning good and evil for him-Mend, because everything is automatically correct.
There is no room for errors, growth and learning because there are no mistakes to do, no space for growth, and never anything new to learn, and c 'is the key component of the whole purpose of history.
Now, I'm not saying that it is necessarily the way it was intended to be interpreted, but it is the right way it should be.
In addition to a hidden symbolic depth and themes that go beyond what we can absorb glimpses, this film has elements of wonder and physical strength that make it so great to look at.
The visual effects are indeed striking and the little color is revealed is impartially favorable.
After spending most of the film to watch in black and white, it is difficult not to identify and appreciate the fact that our own world allows all this brilliant and more.
A truly intelligent addition to all this, however, is the charming and ardently feasible casting that works together as a watchmaking work.
That said, the plot takes place as such.
David and Jennifer are two high school twins from the 90s with the typical outline of "relationship" of not-mess-waith life and I am not with the blows.
They demonstrate the adolescent qualities well known to two of the common versions of adolescents today.
David is the more shy and subtle twin who prefers to watch television land that MTV, while Jennifer is the savage and licentious who spends her days at the shopping center and savoring the pleasures of the offensive world of degradation.
But when a bizarre accident plunges them with enchantment to slap in the middle of Pleasantville as two of the main characters, they are forced to depend on each other to go home.
Nevertheless, Jennifer works her magic and presents the city to a more un confidable approach to life, and while David frantically tries to stop it and bring them home, he realizes that the change was exactly what thecity needed.
And, as said earlier, not to return the city to a corrupt society, but rather to give people the choice o Decide between good and evil and to collect the results of their decisions and learn from them.
Not only have difficult choices been brought to the city, but the simple accepted occurrences of ordinary existence also began to take place.
People were injured.
They cried.
They were afraid and happy and thought out and started to think for themselves, and it was then that their physical world also became colors.
This can be considered a fairly controversial film, but for me, the message is finally clear.
I hope that after having read these people, people can be more open to the film than they had been in the past, and realize that without choosing how our own life will be directed, we will never know what wecould have done better.
Until the next big film I see, I sincerely remain, Danielle Flynn, IMR