In "The Sweet Certed", the writer / director Atom Egoyan takes us beyond the tragedy of death in the tragedy of life.
He shows us how it would not die that hurts, but rather the pain of living in the case of death and to face the loss and the sorrow it brings.
On a cold winter day in a small town isolated from British Columbia, a school bus full of children slides from the highway and on a frozen lake, where it cracks through ice and wells.
Fourteen children die and many others are injured.
For residents of this small town, all the children of which were on this bus, it is an overwhelming event that resolutely modifies their lives.
They have always relied on each other in the past to deal with sorrow and pain, but it seems that this tragedy is more than what they can manage.
Alberta and Risa Walker, who have a local motel and lost their child in the accident, hires a lawyer named Mitchell Stephens (Ian Holm) to bring legal action against someone.
The bus driver, Dolores Driscoll (Gabrielle Rose), is a kind woman loved and, although she lives with a guilty burden, is not held responsible for the accident.
The bus seems to have simply slipped on ice, and there was nothing to do to prevent it.
However, according to Stephens, there are no "accidents" in life, and someone will pay for this tragedy, whether it is the manufacturer of the bus or railing, the bus has broken.
He crosses the city, approaching parents who have lost children, asking them to join the collective appeal and find the vent for their anger.
And, for his work, Stephens will receive a third of the money money.
However, it is immediately obvious that Stephens has little or no interest in money.
He is motivated by something else, something deeper than he shares in common with mourning parents.
He also lost a child, but not in the same way.
His daughter, Zoe (Caerthan Banks), who has almost died in his arms like a young child after a spider bite, is in and out of the drug warming clinics and detoxification stations for ten years.
She calls her irregularly, begging her for money, but refusing to tell her for which she needs.
 "I don't know who I take," he said.
In her mind, her daughter died.
The trial is, in Stephens, not only a means of repairing the pain of the city, but also its own.
However, everyone in town does not want it to happen.
Billy Ansell (Bruce Greenwood), who was driving behind the bus when the accident happened and lost two children, does not want to have anything to do with it.
He has already lost his wife and buried his sorrow in a liaison with a married woman.
He does not want to talk about the accident, and he considers the trial as nothing more than the useless opening of old injuries.
For him, the city should be able to take care of its own pain, and it does not need only foreigners like Stephens annoy.
Central to "The Sweet below" is the story of Nicole Burnell (Sarah Polley), a teenager who dreams of being a singer before the accident transforms her into "a girl into a wheelchair", as shesaid.
Aside Stephens, Nicole is the most complex character in the film, and it is she who finally decides on the fate of the city and the way the trial will take place.
It is also his sad and haunted voice that we often hear on the soundtrack, by reading Robert Browning's poem on the Piper Pied, and how when he led all the children of the city, we were left behindthat he was paralyzed.
Obviously, Nicole is this child, and she feels somehow betrayed that the rest of the city children left her alone by dying in the wreckage.
Her situation is still complicated because it is involved in a loving but incestuous relationship with her father (Tom McCamus).
There is only one ephemeral scene that suggests this relationship , but it is sort of linked to the final act of the film.
Of all the scenarios of "The Sweet Certed", it is the most complicated and the most unresolved, although its implications extend throughout the film.
Egoyan knows that the types of questions he raises have no simple answers - if necessary - and he does not let the public try to conclude it carefully.
What Egoyan has done in "The Sweet below" is really nothing less than miraculous.
In his adaptation of the novel by Russell Banks, he shot a deeply moving film on a lawyer by transcending the meanness of the law and driving the head down in the deeper sense of what is the loss, and how good the goodsmonetary and materials are pitiful compared to Manvie.
Egoyan has always been a talented, but distant and cerebral filmmaker whose work has only suffered insofar as it seemed so cold.
 "The Sweet below" is quite the opposite; the stylistic and narrative structures of Egoyan work brilliantly to increase the impact of natural emotion and attract the public into the tragedy.
 "The Sweet Certed" seems to contain the combined emotional impact that had all its other films.
The film is filled with great subtle performances of all the actors, in particular Ian Holm as a lawyer and Sarah Polley as a sad child who was left behind.
The beautiful, itineous camera of Paul Sosssy and the haunting and melodic musical score by Mychael Danna (both collaborators of previous Egoyan) give the film a visual and sound cohesion with the thematic elements.
Like his previous films, Egoyan weaves several scenarios that form a cover set.
He works over time as a fluid substance, moving back and forth between the past, the distant past and the present with effortless ease.
The bus wreck itself only occurs halfway through the film, but at that time, the event has accumulated so much emotion that Egoyan can film it from a distance without graphic detail, and theMake a very devastating weight wear.
Because human life has become such a cheap commodity in films, it is surprising that Egoyan can transmit so much sorrow in such simple and direct terms.
Certainly, one of the best films of 1997, "The Sweet Certed" is a deeply enriching, mystifying and ultimately human film.