The books could be, and were indeed written on the Star Wars trilogy, and rightly so.
It is a set of films that broke all the expectations of what science fiction could be in the late 1970s / early 80s, literally inspired dozens of clones, from Battlestar Galacticagenre de science-fiction.
The special effects were revolutionary, revolutionary for their day and still eminently observable well in twenty years later.
Literally, millions of people have seen the Star Wars trilogy and were affected by it.
And now George Lucas brings him back to a new audience.
Many have been and is still made because Mr. Lucas has returned and has revised his trilogy to relaunch now.
Some fans are angry that he dared to mingle with what they consider to be perfection, while others are delighted with the idea of seeing Star Wars of yesterday up to date with the magic of the special effects ofToday.
Anyway, the version of the special edition means that Star Wars is back on the big screen, where it rightly deserves.
Can there be someone in the world who does not know what Star Wars is?
In a way, Star Wars is so part of our cultural heritage that it feels silly and almost artificial to try to summarize it.
It is a story about the maturity of a young man, a struggle for freedom against an oppressive empire, a story of the capes of escapes creatures and the strange surprises around each turning point, and the desire of each of us to realizeOur dreams and make a difference in the world.
It's a great adventure, incredible special effects and ... Well, it's just a _experience_.
Something about this film sparked the imagination of a generation ... and
He is about to start again.
This new version of Star Wars does not surprise many devoted fans of the film, which have exchanged rumors and information on this subject for some time now.
Interviews, trailers, leaks from the interior of Lucasfilm ... All these elements were collected, gathered and placed on web pages so that people can see them (pages such as http: // www. Islandnet.Com / ~ Corona / Films / Details / SW4.
Or, my favorite, http: // leopard.cs.latrobe.edu.au / ~ koukoula /
 ).
Before and after photos were placed side by side ... even
Months before the movies released, fans made comparisons.
In some cases, changes were nothing less than phenomenal, and this can be seen from comparison before even going to the cinema.
The digital matte effects that were hardly more than a forrest Gump toy are used here, making scenes without moments that are not satisfied in the original.
For example, in my favorite example, the old temple on Yavin which was once a flat stone building now has sculptures and deep engravings and covered with foam.
And Mos Eisley Spaceport is now a lively and booming city, with more surprises and things that happen in the background than you can notice during the first vision.
All vessels and fighters are now computer animated, getting rid of the seeds and artifacts of the special effects processes used when the film was originally made - and they seem _fantastic_.
Four and a half minutes of new or missing sequences were added, including a scene with Jabba Le Hutt which was originally set aside because the state of special effects in 1977 could not simply do it justice.
However, a large part of the ten million dollars spent for the restoration of Star Wars Special Edition was devoted to the restoration of the quality of the film itself.
The negatives, seriously damaged by the ravages of time, were brightened and returned to their original splendor.
The audio tracks were remixed and re Treaty, with sound effects reworked by the Maven Ben Burtt effects, in Digital Stereo Dolby Glorious, in full swing and protruding the theater.
And _that_, more than added scenes or new special effects, is the place where the real value of this new version is located.
It's really true what they say in advertisements: Star Wars loses _so Much_ on the small screen.
Even the mailbox does not compensate for the decrease in size and definition.
Regarding the Special Star Wars edition, and for the other two films in the trilogy which have not yet been published, I will make this final recommendation: go see.
Go see him more than once ... he
Perhaps another twenty years before he returned to the big screen after he left this time.
Take the young people who have never had the experience of Star Wars on the big screen - you will enjoy seeing it through their eyes as much as they will appreciate it for the first time.
There is magic in this film - a special edition or not, there can be no denying that it is always Star Wars, and always has the power to vibrate and build children of all ages, fourto four hundred.
Let's all go back at that time a long time ago, and this galaxy far, far ...