This is the film not the perfume.
An elegant and elegant psychological thriller imitation of the vertigo of Hitchcock.
It is adapted from an original story by Brian de Palma and Paul Schrader, and is directed by de Palma and scripted by Schrader.
Located in New Orleans, 1959, it shows the rich Michael Courtland (Cliff Robertson) seated at the top of the world, celebrating his tenth wedding anniversary with a party in his mansion, like his charming wife Elizabeth (Genevi? Ve Bujold) andHis young daughter (Blackman), both looking at him radiating with joy.
His real estate development partner Bob La Salle (John Lithgow) offers a toast and their prosperous belongings, while his friends of high society give him their best wishes.
To his retirement for the night, his daughter and his wife are kidnapped in their room and he ends up with a ransom note to deliver $ 500,000 tomorrow where they will be killed.
Inspector Brie (Stanley Reyes) offers a plan to put money and a transmitter in the exchange of briefcases, as it will lead them to the kidnappers.
But the kidnappers broke out of the house surrounded by the police, taking the two victims with them and in the police pursuit, the kidnapper's car explodes and passed over the bridge, where none of the bodies were found.
More and more the loss of his wife and child, the guilt Michael builds a tomb on the expensive land they had to develop.
Sixteen years later, he goes with his partner Bob on vacation and he revisits Florence, Italy, where he met his wife.
When he goes to the church where they met, he sees a young girl who looks exactly like his wife.
Her name is Sandra Portinari (Genevi? Ve Bujold) and she works there to restore decomposition art.
He instantly falls in love with her and does not take into account Bob's warnings that she could be a golden excavation and decides to bring her back to New Orleans and marry her.
Sandra becomes his second chance to prove his love, because he thinks he can finally put the past behind him.
The surprises to come were not really so surprising, because the beauty of the narration is almost exclusively in the discreet action of the cliff struck by the soul Robertson, the emotionally impactful performance of Genevi? Ve Bujold, and the competent gameby John Lithgow.
He plays too much as a reshuffle of the master's work, to innovate, but he is always exciting in his own way.