Martin Scorse's films intimidated me.
Because of his reputation, I felt forced to appreciate them as a deep cinematographic art rather than as great films.
As much as I appreciated them, I generally felt like I missed something.
I learned from the Scorsese casino that whatever the techniques he uses is only there to improve history.
No mystical interpretation is necessary to appreciate his films.
For example, in Casino, he uses subtitles when Robert Deniro and Joe Pesci use code words between them.
There was no more exotic meaning than these subtitles were the most succinct way for him to tell the public what was really going on.
Or towards the end, when it uses three rapid dissolves to compress a scene from a car which moves away from a building.
Again, the simple and banal explanation is that she helped the pace.
I do not mean that his techniques are not creative or beautiful.
But he just uses the best tool for work.
He should therefore not have surprised me that Kundun, a film on a mystical religion, turned out to be quite simple.
The film follows the life of the 14th Dalai Lama, the spiritual and political leader of Tibet.
The title of the film is another name for the Dalai Lama which means "ocean of wisdom".
His story is told in a strict chronological order and there are only a few cinematographic visions to embellish literal history.
 (one of which makes an interesting declaration: pay attention to the opening blow of the film and look where it is repeated.)
We first see the Dalai Lama at the age of two.
His curiosity and his self -hold capture the attention of a wandering monk in search of the new Lama.
A test is organized to see if this boy is really the reincarnation of the 13 lamas of the Dalai who preceded.
Several articles belonging to the previous Dalai Lama are deposited in front of the boy alongside other articles.
The child is asked if he recognizes one of the articles like his.
The boy chooses correctly, proving that he is the new and the old Dalai Lama.
Scorsese and longtime editor Thelma Schoonmaker were kind enough to allow the possibility that the child will take his bearings from the monk.
Before selecting an article, he looked at the monk, perhaps for a kind of confirmation.
Sometimes he chose the first time, and sometimes he made a second choice.
Be that as it may, whether by rapid reincarnation or perception, the Tibetans were assured of choosing a boy who could be a wise and perceptive leader.
> From that moment, the boy is raised as the reincarnation of the spirit of the Lama and the future chief of a nation.
It is a great weight to put in the mind of a child.
In the U.S. could be a call for social services.
But the young Lama accepts his destiny without any apparent emotional damage.
Neither the great power nor the impressive responsibility prevent him from becoming a really friendly and well -balanced person.
Some reasons take shape over the years.
For example, Dalai Lama is fascinated by technology.
Radios, clocks and telescopes are some of his favorite toys.
When he is old enough to accept his leadership, he plans to modernize isolated Tibet.
He also has a weakness for suffering or suffering creatures, including herd animals.
It is almost a racing gag that he will buy sheep to prevent them from being gathered at slaughter.
But the most disturbing constant throughout her life is the presence and threat of the gigantic neighbor of Tibet, China.
Tibet and its leaders prove to be correct by fearing China, like, first propaganda, then political pressure, and finally the armies, fall on their common border.
The Chinese invasion is so successful that the life of the Lama is in danger if it remains.
The film ends when, after a lot of agony, the Dalai Lama leaves Tibet for India.
History does not lead to a cinematographic culminating point as strongly as most fea Films do.
This just does not correspond to this mold.
If it was forced to such a form, it would have been a completely different film (perhaps more like seven years in Tibet, which is good in its own right).
Kundun's rhythm is calmer and level than that.
The structure of the film is designed to adapt to characters and events, not vice versa.
Perhaps because the pace is slower, we have more time to notice the beautiful arts, clothing and architecture of Tibet.
A mandala (Tibetan sand painting) with beautiful vibrant colors is shown throughout the film.
The dresses and the hats are bright red and gold.
The bricks are a rich reddish brown, a bit like the complexion of the Tibetans.
Even the Touchstone Pictures logo before the film (which is generally light blue) is the red and the gold of Tibet.
Philip Glass composed Kundun's music, and he was the perfect choice.
For those who do not know the glass, his music is like a Tibetan mandala.
Its constituent elements are many small notes, tiny music grains, which are first grouped, then repeated in patterns.
These models create interesting textures which are themselves part of a broader composition.
People will not be flocked to Kundun for his great end, or talk about his exceptional intrigue, but he has a lot to offer: an interesting life, exotic sites, rich cinematography and innovative music.
He gives an interesting overview of Tibetan Buddhism and takes a warm look at the Dalai Lama as a person.
In addition to all this, the cinematic mastery of Martin Scorsese, which gives the film a strong, beautiful and coherent look.