Contact is the 1997 film that I saw the most - five times to be exact.
Four of these times were on the big screen, but even on television, it is a very impressive film.
The same thing cannot be said for films like independence day, but it is because contact is a rare example in science fiction cinema where history is treated more important than special effects, and we all know looking back a lot outside of a delicious eyes.
The wonderfully presented story of contact deals with Ellie Arway (Jodie Foster), a radio-astronomer whose study preference implies the obsolete technique of "simply listening" sounds in space.
His interest in the field of astronomy has developed at a very young age, encouraged by his loving father, Ted (David Morse), who let it use a small amateur radio to resume frequencies and communicate with people tooFar that Croanala, FL (it was, of course, before the time of Internet Cat Rooms).
While everyone uses modern technologies to help them seek extra-terrestrial intelligence (whose SETI program is an acronym), Ellie prefers to appear on a pair of headphones and see what she can resume, keeping theYoung magic and strongly alive intrigue.
Ellie's solid scientific base essentially makes her an atheist, a belief probably influenced by the death of her father when she was still quite young.
At Porto Rico, she meets Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), a writer examining the effects of technology on the global happiness of the world; a student at a time of the seminar who describes himself as "a man of the fabric, without the fabric".
Despite the big differences in opinion concerning a "supreme being", Ellie and Palmer have succeeded, and even take the time to sleep together.
It is a weak and precipitated relationship, but director Zemeckis needs it to add to the plot later.
Meanwhile, Dr.David Drumlin (Tom Skerritt), who has the authority in Seti but finds the program a loss of time and frivolous money, is ready to get rid of all seti funding.
This leaves passionate about new sponsors, to finally find a configuration to the New Mexico and leave Palmer without explanation, and only one stand of one night to remember.
It is in this city of NM where, several months later, Ellie finally takes up a strong signal of space, perhaps the deepest discovery of the history of science.
When the signal is examined closely, many new developments arise, and for a long time, Drumlin intervenes to resume the operation it has lacked.
Finally, it is concluded that the information in the signal can be plans for a transport device used to teleport a terrestrial to Vega (where the signal seems to be at the origin).
The media trial, fanatics go further from the bottom, scientists claim new information, politicians snuggle up in the discussion of the appropriate actions to take, and the presidents are transformed into celluloid reality (remember when Zemeckis did notcould have had enough in Forrest Gump at Forrest Gump at Forrest Gump in Forrest Gump?).
As if that were not enough, the discovery of Ellie led her to the national capital where she comes up against Palmer.
Contact is based on Carl Sagan's novel and strongly deals with the subject of Science vs.religion.
What is impressive is how the two aspects are presented, without any signs of bias.
The arguments for both parties are intelligent, solid and stimulating.
When Palmer joins a selection committee to choose an ambassador of Vega (of which Ellie is a leading candidate), personal convictions play a more important role than in love.
The question is: can a person who does not believe in God really be the best representative of the earth while 90% of the planet * believes * in a higher power?
Even when the film ends, it is not certain that it is supposed to play as a defender of religion, science, of the two or E Come neither, and in our modern society where "good and bad" is only an opinion (at least speaking "politically correctly"), ambiguity is an incentive.
Do not mistake yourself.
As much as it looks like, contact is not just a class of theology launched in a film coil.
It is a very * two and a half hours.
Despite his apparently heavy problems, it is not a tedious business to watch this film.
However, the special effects are exceptional (warning!)
Very depreciated on the small screen.
Despite this, some of the subtle visual effects (which will probably go unnoticed by many) are even more impressive than those more recognizable as "science fiction".
The narration is rich and complete, and although there are moments in the film which seem quite pretentious (and sometimes, even Hokey), it is easily one of the best films of 1997, and one of the bestScience fiction movies that I have never seen.
It is the best of Zemeckis since the future, and for those of us who really know that Forrest Gump was astronomical overrated, Zemeckis now has real reason to boast.