The release of Dolores Claiborne in a large outing this weekend adds another entry into the long list of cinematographic adaptations of Stephen King's work.
This slow character study provides exceptional actor performance by directors, but suffers from a lukewarm conclusion, an incoherent direction and may not have a large commercial appeal.
When the maid, Dolores Claiborne, finds herself brandishing a rolloseing standing on the bloody corpse and death of her employer, it seems to be an open and closed case.
After hearing about death via a mysterious fax, the distant and bitter daughter of Dolores, the writer of Esquire magazine, Selena St. George, returns from New York in her little childhood house Island Village.
While the two horns face, the story behind the mysterious death of the abusive husband of Dolores two decades, judged an accident despite the demonstrations of the detective John Mackey, is revealed.
Did Dolores killed her husband?
And did she kill her employer?
Dolores Claiborne is certainly more a character study than a suspense thriller.
Consequently, it is lucky that their casting understands some of the best players in Hollywood, such as Bates, Leigh and Strathairn.
Kathy Bates plays the main character in the film and gives a sensational lead performance.
Dolores Claiborne is essentially a showcase for the talent of Bates, because his character has a lot of screen time.
She dominates the screen, producing a convincing and striking character, while we look at the character go through two decades of history via flashbacks.
The performance of Kathy Bates is caliber bonuses.
The rest of the distribution is also very good.
Jennifer Jason Leigh plays the ST.Hélène perpetually sour and bitter.George well, and Christopher Plummer seems to have fun as Nemesis still present of Dolores, the detective determined John Mackey.
David Strathairn is particularly interesting and properly smart and despicable as Dolores husband, Joe St. George.
Judy Parfitt is well as the employer of the Tyrannical Dolores' worldly, Vera Donovan - it would have been interesting to see, let's say, Meg Foster in this role.
The actor of the child Ellen Muth is also worth noted like the young Selena during the flashback sequences; she is very impressive.
The management of Taylor Hackford Dolore Claiborne varies wildly throughout the film, ranging from certain parts which are quite intelligent in its own right, to parties that are embarrassing.
The segues between flashbacks and the present are very delicate in terms of efficiency.
The rhythm of the film tends to be slowly numb, which tends to undermine any suspense that could be built.
However, the cinematography of Gabriel Beristain is wonderful - I particularly like the frightening hue of ice imbued the current scenes, contrasting well with the many shots from Nova Scotia - and Danny Elfman provides a surprisingly discreet score for the film.
It seems that the commercial potential of Dolores Claiborne is limited.
None of the film's performers could be classified as a big draw, and its rhythm can be a stop of those who expected a captivating suspended film filled with twists and turns and collisions of cars and psychopaths eating axes.
Although it is essentially the only film of its kind in its release now, it can also be injured by the negative perception of royal works, even with the recent critical success of the redemption of Shawshank and the stand.
Dolores Claiborne suffers from a very unsatisfactory conclusion and moves very slowly.
However, the performances are uniformly excellent, especially Kathy Bates, and the film has its moments.
On my four -star scale, I give Dolores Claiborne three stars.