In the large scheme of Mel Gibson's films, recovery was better than conspiracy theory, but not as good as Braveheart or Lethal Arme.
In other words, it is a decent couple of entertainment, but in 20 years, if they compile a list of the greatest successes of Mel Gibson, the return on investment will probably not be on this.
Gibson plays a crook who is doubled by his partner after having robbed a payroll.
Mel's partner needed money to repay a crowd debt.
He therefore puts a few bullets in Mel, leaving him for death and continues to reimburse his creditors.
But, Mel is not dead (it would be a real short film if he was) and he is certainly not happy.
To worsen things, he wants his money to come back and is ready to go completely to accomplish this feat.
His former partner has already used it to reimburse the gangsters, then Mel goes after the crowd to recover it.
Refund is often a very violent film.
On his credit, there are a few scenes that could have been very graphic, but the director (I do not know which one - no longer on this subject in a second) made the choice to let the public use his imagination instead of Submitauusual free gore found in many movies.
The film seems a little disjointed in places, which is understandable since the producer / star Gibson was not delighted with the way the film turned out and that the parts of it wanted a overhaul.
When the director refused, another was brought to close.
So, consequently, although the final product is apparently better than the original (although personally, I would like to see the original version for comparisons), it gets a little agitated sensation towards the end.
It is always difficult to make a film where the main character is a villain, unless this person has qualities of buyout.
In this case, the character of Gibson has little qualities of buyout.
But hey, it's Mel, so even when he kills composure, we still rooted.
I suppose that if you put another actor of Johnny Bananas in this role, the public would not be as responsive.
Gibson is Gibson, whether he plays a suicidal cop or a cold stone killer, he does a good job.
It almost guarantees that no matter what is happening elsewhere in the rest of the film, at least the public will get a good performance.
This time, Mel is surrounded by a good cast of support, including Maria Bello (like her romantic interest), William Devane and Kris Kristofferson (as Mod's bosses).
The man who steals the show and unfortunately does not have a real part is James Coburn (like another gangster).
If I had a great disappointment in this film, it would be that Coburn did not have a more important role.
In the end, Payback is a fairly solid action thriller, but not in the same league as some of the other works of Mel Gibson.