Each year, Hollywood crowns a new "it boy" - a young actor set for the celebrity of the major film.
Inheritance of the "Winner" mantle of last year, Matthew McConaughey, is Matt Damon and, like McConaughey, he turns out to be more than a simple young face, as evidenced by the two radically different projects currently -and good willhunting.
Damon has his first major major role, at the McConaughey, in an adaptation of John Grisham - in this case, the point of view of Francis Ford Coppola on the Rainmaker.
Damon embodies the humid lawyer Rudy Baylor, who, immediately after having succeeded in the bar accompanied by negligent insurance.
Although Rudy's main concern (and the film) is this case, he also finds the time to protect a young woman (Claire Danes) from her abusive husband (Melrose place Andrew Shue, in a briefly brief role).
Written for the screen and directed by Coppola, The Rainmaker is the best film in Grisham, mainly because it does not take itself too seriously.
The most notable - and effective - contribution of the proven Grisham formula is a sense of humor on itself, which is largely present in the presence of Danny Devito (as an undeveloped co -group of Rudy)And the candidate of the Golden Globe Jon Voight (like the lawyer for the insurance company).
The inclusion of the beaten sub -intrigue is rather superfluous, but the Danes are as superb as always.
Then, of course, there is Damon, who juggles well on the weight (the case of insurance, the domestic violence) and the humorous (often comical Rudy) requirements of his role without missing a beat.
As well as he is in the Rain Maker, Damon highlights the depth of his talent in Good Will Hunting, led by Gus Van Sant and written by actor Ben Affleck and Damon himself.
Damon plays the main character, Will Hunting, a young worker / concierge in difficulty at MIT who also happens to be a supergenius.
In an attempt to direct this brilliant young spirit in the right direction, a professor of MIT mathematics (Stellan Skarsgard) approves his old college friend, the psychologist of the community college Sean McGuire (Robin Williams), to advise the abrasive and standard willAnd try to help him help her turbulent life.
Hunting for good will is the delicate-feelli company that its intrigue synopsis suggests, but simply rejecting it as it would be to reduce the real Affleck emotional agreements and Damon's intelligent keys.
Even if no one (and, in the affirmative, _Very_ few people) can directly relate to the burden of Will of superhuman intelligence, the insecurities from which he suffers are universal.
The equipment is animated by the formidable set of actors.
Williams offers a good dramatic tour; Affleck, a hot actor himself (chasing Amy), presents himself in a warm and charming performance that Will's best friend; and Minnie's driver, always attractive, shines like theInterest in love with Will Harvard.
The clear star of the distribution, however, is Damon, who does not courageously soften the thorny nature of Will but has such a natural ease with the public that it is difficult to take care of him.
So many names come and go with the fluctuations of The Hollywood Hype Machine, but on the basis of his impressive work in The Rainmaker of John Grisham and especially Good Will, it is a sure bet that Matt Damon is a name that we will hear a lotmore years to come.