There must be an unwritten rule which declares, we obtain illustrations not in the way in which we expect to obtain illustrations, but in the commitment given to the search for wisdom, even if it is about'A stupid road, we are and he seems to lead anywhere.
In exotic Morocco of 1972, an English hippie mother of 25, Julia (Winslet), two young girls, Lucy (Carrie) of 6 years and La Bea (Bella), 8 years old who arrived for a year, with the motherUnconscious self-absorbed of the way her daughters could adapt to this foreign experience while she is looking for a life change of her unfaithful poet husband (she is not officially married to her) and herflat to a piece of LondonTo a piece and seek the eternal truth in a way in the sunny climate of Marrakech.
At least she says she is, when she tries to contact a Soufi sheikh that has all the answers.
She has not planned things too carefully, having no money, and the journey does not seem to be very fun, more like a mishap, with a romance with a local Moroccan.
Drugs, a young world phenomenon during this period, when many Westerners came to Morocco to smoke the good haschish found there and to live the `good life '' at lower cost, and be in a place where they do not 'did not have to worry about being the local authorities, even if the drugs are illegal.
But it is not shown as one of his reasons to be here.
In this film, the subject of drugs is never tackled, only hinted in a casual but puffed way, because the commune hippie is shown in a negative light, scratching on their guitars and boasting of acid blows that'they took.
Even those who come here for spiritual reasons, to follow the mystical Sufis, seem lost following a very different culture from where they came.
The film is based on the novel which contained the autobiographical experiences of the granddaughter of Sigmund Freud, Esther Freud, who traveled here in the 1960s with his mother and sister.
It is written by the director's brother, who previously managed the regeneration, the Playboys and Trojan Eddie.
The title of the film comes from laughter that cry what to say hideous rascals gives little girls.
With Julia attached to money and not receive a necessary check that her husband often forgets to send her, she is prevented from seeing the greatest living soufi which is located in Algeria; therefore, instead, she meets an artistFrom Acrobat Street in the bazaar, Bilal (said Taghmaoui).
He becomes her lover, taking the place of her husband as a paternal figure for girls.
Girls accept it easily, and there is no big to do in their openly sexual relationship, but girls really don't know what to do with the relationship.
This especially disturbs Bea, who is embarrassed by the cowardly attitude of her mother and wants to go home.
Things become surprisingly bitter when Bilal takes them to stay in his small village.
It seems that only the charm of Bilal is equaled by his impulse, because he has a woman who still lives there.
This scene did not make too much sense why he would take them there by knowing the situation, unless the man without instruction was completely without instruction in the customs of his people.
But I doubt that.
The family is now stuck without money in an backward zone trying to decide what to do then, while they reach a tour of there with a truck driver who kills them almost when he falls asleep near the steering wheel.
Lucy takes all this in the process and has a good disposition for travel, while Bea just wants to go to a school and learn something and be a "normal" girl.
The beauty of Marrakech is equaled by the formidable performance of Kate Winslet, while the film summarizes with precision the timeless city and its lively street scenes, extensive views, illustrious mosques and sunsets.
Kate promulgates the feeling of what it was to be a western r, living counter-cultural experiences while waiting to bring her sensitivity again and had the chance to be able to go home better for her experiences, because many dropouts had to compel after their stay is short of money andbeginning.
The background music of groups like America and Jefferson Airplane provided an additional nostalgia for this easy -to -watch and easy -to -grab film.
The only hope was that the two innocent girls would not be permanently injured while in this stay, a company that should only be reserved for those of the university era or older who choose to go there for themselves.
The family's journey, which is on the edge, makes Julia wakes up, screaming with dreams that are dark Hantes; but, when she gets up, all there is, it is this splendid emptiness everythingAround her and an empty life that begins to bother her.
The fact that Marrakech is disarming and that London is an old hat for her, begins to be thin in her thoughts.
It will put itself on it, when Bea becomes sick, when it reflects on what the Soufi guru tells her, which she finally meets and is pushed to tears in her presence.
He is the guru who replaced the one she wanted to see but who died before having the chance to see him.
The new guru is anchored in reality, something in which she is not anchored and seems to tell her what she could not understand from anyone else, even the comforting, telling her that her tears are memories -A gift from God.
The weakness of the film was the empty feeling that I had while watching the story take place in her tenor without risk (she was essentially there to escape her situation) and how much the love story did not seemattractive between Bilal and Julia.
The scenario on a helpless single parent, naked to dynamic experiences, many other people of his same generation of baby boom have had during their trip to Morocco, who were taken by the mystical culture of Sufism, a teaching that has a lot toOffer to his disciples, contrary to the impression that the film could give, seemed to pass it.
His knowledge of this trip is only of the deep surface, at best.
She may have been better not to take children, smoke hashish, and have been less assured of herself but to have behaved more like a hippie and she would not have been so tense all the time andhad amused herself on Ellevoyage.
After all, the mystical journey is the journey.
The strength of the film is in the way all the characters are shown for what they are, and no one is as good or so bad, or tried too severely for their shortcomings.
The bilal is not reliable but is capable of generosity.
Little girls are early but they are adorable.
Julia, the cornerstone on which the film is built, is a mother who cares about children but does not know how to take care of them without hurting them involuntarily.
She was trying to escape reality and that by returning to London, she has another chance of seeing if she can find the key to this world or the world she is looking for and should no longer have nightmares on the placewhere she is.
It is a very Freudian way to look at things, like this sudden awareness, that things are not correct put an end to his oriental hippie odyssey, at least, for the moment.
And, after all, it is said and done, which can say if the children are not better lotis for having survived their experiences, just as it was probably!