I hate to burst your bubble, but after all the power of the stars, the mega-dollars, the writers, the directors and the cool trailers, the men in black are not the best film of the summer.
It's pretty good in itself, yes, but I would probably divide the honors of the "best film" between the face / off, the spawn, the idiot and perhaps horizon of events.
This is the main problem is that it is quickly forgettable, and I do not remember a really good scene.
CON AIR, it was the scene in the desert when they dug the dirt aircraft.
In Frai, it was the conclusion of "the hell of the living room" at the end.
In Event Horizon, it was the video of the Horizon Crew event team taken up by Hell's forces.
And the whole face / off was quite good.
But as for the men in black, the only scene I still remember is when Will Smith crushes all these giant cockroaches.
I don't remember her humor but because I hate cockroaches with passion and I was disgusted enough.
And yes, I saw Mimic, which I will approach in a later criticism.
Back to men in black (is it just me, or does that seem funny?)
I remember having heard of men in the black back when I was a comic geek in 7th year and reading magazines like Wizard, etc. (for those of you who are not cartoon geeks, Wizard is essentially to comics what the car and the driver is to cars, which the New Yorker is for high society, what is the boy's life for the Scottish.
Okay, this one was quite pathetic.)
Few people know it, but men in black are based on a very obscure comic strip which was, although not honest-political-rare, very difficult to find.
It was after the release of Batman very profitable forever, and he said that Tommy Lee Jones and Chris O'Donnell were considered for roles (in comics, there were no black men in black.
A little weird, huh?)
All I can say is that thank God, they did not throw Chris O'Donnell.
I know that I cannot be the only person on the planet who thinks he is a boring and boring little mortine ...
Sorry .
My apologies to O'Donnell fans.
In fact, I had a 7th year teacher who was a big comic book collector and who was to buy some comics, predicting rather that, if the film was a great success, it would increase the price of comics.
He decided not to sell them to me because they were "inappropriate".
Hmm ....
So now you are probably wondering why I wasted about 5 paragraphs with anecdotes have laids from my years.
good question .
I'm going to go to the movie now.
As you probably already know, Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones (K and J agents, respectively) belong to a top secret agency known as Divison 5, or it is nickname Mib (men in black.)
Men in black are a reference to black costumes and the sunglasses carried by the agents, and their mission is to investigate the extraterrestrial landing reports and to keep the extraterrestrials under the control while they are here on earth.
Do not be too technical or spoil the intrigue for the 6 people of the world who have not seen this film, but a terranely-big-type type land in a Redneck farmer courtyard, lives in his body and tries to destroy'whole universe.
Not bad, huh? (I don't know why I just type that.
I don't even really pay attention.)
The special effects are good but disappointing in men in black.
I found that their main headquarters was boring, as did the "cool weapons" they had.
The noisy cricket has simply sucked, no matter what someone said.
And the film definitely surprised me with tone, even if it probably did not do it.
Its director, Barry Sonnenfield, is known for "Black Humor", making the two family films Addams.
This film was essentially a "black comedy", not an action / science fiction as I expected trailers.
Do not get me wrong on what I think of this film.
It's not bad, I gave it * * *.
It was especially entertaining throughout his race and had a very good end, although GH I think I was the only person in the theater who is not surprised.
My diagnosis for this photo: a good weekend rental, but is not worth a movie ticket.
Of course, the film has now left theaters for a long time, but it is next to the point.
I think .