In Chocolat, a chocolate owner told to his customers to look in an object of textures, patterns and obscure lines, hoping that she can provide the type of chocolate that they will appreciate the most.
Some make fun of the idea, but all those who look at the complexity of the rotating object end up seeing something different from the revealing personality traits, revealing that the person may not know before.
This can easily be a model of chocolate as a whole: on the surface, it seems to be a light and soft fable without depth or true value.
Make a daring statement on organized religion and those who practice it, Lasse Hallstrom chocolate is perfectly played and meticulously designed to mention one of the best films of the year.
What gives chocolate his magic, a bit like the winner of Hallstrom in 1999 of two Oscars, the rules of the cider house, is his will to say what concerns him without holding back to prevent the offensive public.
The daring and honest message Hallstrom with chocolate will undoubtedly open a group of limited viewers, but those who are ready to suspend their bitterness because they feel that they are intimidated or attacked should be in agreement with what the filmsaid about mind.
Chocolat center its history around the small French village of Lansquenet, where the rules of the majority, and the majority live by a single law: religion.
Most of the city dwellers (with a few exceptions) are preparing for the sacred time of abstinence, loaned, but when independent, apparently non -religious thought, Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche) and her daughter Anouk (victory Thivisol) make theVillage their home their homes their home their home their home, people will be tempted beyond the belief by the enticing confectionery of the chocolate factory that Vianne opens.
Many are predictable opposite and deeply offended by the opening by Vianne of the chocolate factory just in time for Lent, in particular the mayor, count of Reynaud (a comic Alfred Molina), which will stop to put it outwork.
On the other hand, the shop is a pleasure for the others, including Armande Voizin (Judi Dench), which sits day after day in the Vianne store, telling the single mother of her unhappy relationship with hergrandson (Aurelien Parent-Koening), which stems from her mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) believing that will be a bad influence, because she does not hold the same strict religious beliefs she makes.
The nervous wreck Joséphine Muscat, whose husband, the bat constantly, to whom Vianne offers a house and befriends.
Juliette Binoche is charming and honest as Vianne, truly capturing the determination of her character to transform the city dwellers closely into more happy and independent human beings, but most of the chocolate success is undoubtedly the result of the remarkable performances of the actressesSupport.
Lena Olin, previously nominated for an Oscar in 1989, deserves her second appointment for her sincere and moving representation of a lost and frightened woman between remaining faithful to her beating and manipulative husband or letting her live the life which for which she aspires.
Judi Dench is sharp, incisive and sometimes very touching as a Voizin will.
Carrie Ann-Moss, in what is likely to be her first role largely noticed (and acclaimed) from the matrix, shows a more solid side of her skills as an actress who does not see before, making a character with whom the spectatorSympathise and despised simultaneously.
Victoire Thivisol shows a lot of promises that Anouk, a young girl hoping that her mother always on the movement will end up setting up.
A commercial announcement for chocolate better sums up the power of actresses on the screen with the slogan: "Five extraordinary women, an extraordinary film."
Tha He does not mean that men do not make their part, however: Alfred Molina makes a devious and totally repugnant antagonist, Hugh O'Conor adds a little comic relief as a priest who does not even seem to know why he is whoEast is the east, and Johnny Depp gives a strong performance as a red pirate, which enters the film late in the game and arouses the romantic interest of Vianne.
The technical aspects of chocolate are strong at all levels: tires Hallstrom directs its enchanting fable with great care, perfectly balancing the elements of each kind found in the film.
The director of photography Roger Pratt brings a look of atmospheric fairy tale to the film, and the masterful partition of Rachel Portman is his best and the most memorable since the rules of the cider house.
Chocolate, adapted by Robert Nelson Jacobs of Joanne Harris's novel, is a wonderful little treat from a film, which will most likely win the hearts of the public and the votes of the members of the Academy this winter, and the aggressive support of the Miramax filmsAssures it last.
Although it is not as powerful as the rules of the house of cider, the Hallstrom chocolate is a film that works at all levels - like a drama, a comedy, a fable, a romance and a fairy tale.
And it is even up to its name: it is delicious to savor the taste of, easy to digest and, like any excellent chocolate, it is memorable for days after.
The essentials: chocolate is pure pleasure.