I savor these rare opportunities when a talented screenwriter can make me feel like a fool.
I spent the first hour of nature forces slowly stew on its dark attitude towards marriage, growling on its plans, its trains and its transparent cars and while waiting for the inevitable Hollywood outcome.
It was a romantic mass comedy, after all, a genre that was taken over by adolescents and, even in its best days, worked hard to perpetuate the romantic paradigm = craze.
Then, Marc Lawrence did something wonderful, something that made the whole film in place: he showed me a comic love story about adults.
This certainly did not feel in this way from the start, who presents the groom Ben Holmes (Ben Affleck) during his baccalaureate, surrounded by friends and family who knock on his "last night of freedom".
Ben loves his fiancée Bridget (Maura Tierney), but the declarations of unhappiness of everyone around him make him question the meaning of this "death until you separate."
Then, on an unhappy flight from New York to her marriage to Savannah, Ben meets Sarah Lewis (Sandra Bullock), a free woman with a series of careers and failed relations behind her.
While transport problems thwart them at each turn, Ben and Sarah start a three -day trip to the south of three days in which their connection is increasingly strengthened, Ben seeing in Sarah the chances that he has never taken andSarah seeing in Ben the stability she never had.
The forces of nature are sufficiently solid, setting up the characters and the situations with a lot of minds full of mind.
Ben is an ideal role for the easy -to -live charm of Affleck, and he plays the hetero man without forced exasperation.
Sandra Bullock, for her part, is more loose and attractive than it was in her last half-dozen of combined films, avoiding her recent habit of playing very much like a character as a massage.
The two performances - which are part of a large distribution from top to bottom - are effective and connected from the start, but the apparent sympathy of the script with the stories of marital horror that Ben hears makes it difficult to fully enjoy the romance.
Live and funny, although it can be consistent, the forces of nature leave a bitter taste that looks like justification.
The botter is that these acid anecdotes are used exactly in the opposite goal, leading to an emotional resolution.
The forces of nature do not concern a man who develops a fear of commitment; he is a man who learns what the commitment means, to him, learning that it is not what hethought it was.
The script of Lawrence feigned and dodges before reaching its happy end, an end that is happy because people make the choices that make the most meaning.
Anterior scenes that could have looked like jetages take more resonance, and this bitter taste softens something fresh and true.
Although too many of the plot of the plot keep Ben and Sarah together through the film, and they exchange the compulsory analysis of the mutual characters of the quarrel screen couples, the forces of nature end ifPerfectly that you will end up remembering humor and simple wisdom.
In other words, provided that you have not been put off by the ridiculously occupied management of Bronwen Hughes.
For a rapid romantic comedy, the forces of nature are loaded with some of the most oversized scenes of the year: vacillating the handling, why not low or high, pots.
Sometimes the hyper-level approach works, with the director of photography Elliot Davis creating a world of fantastic romance; much more often, Hughes refuses to let a scene be what it is, covering it with frills so thick thatYou can hardly find what is below.
A script as intelligent and mature deserved a more sober director, but even the excesses of Hughes cannot spoil this unique concocion.
The forces of nature can restore your faith in Roman Tic Comedy as something with the power to enchant, something that can make you happy to be wrong when you expect a story for and on adolescents.