Since most films on slavery protect us from the real horrors of what they depict, it is appropriate to say that "beloved" is a real shock as a film.
It's confusing, weird and as difficult to watch as any film I saw all year round, and it is not necessarily because of the three -hour duration.
 "Beloved" is difficult to look at, filled with hard and powerful poetry that takes us completely off guard, and instead of a direct and Hollywood story about what happened to slaves after their release, "beloved" presents himself as acry of anxiety of all those who really experienced what happened (or rather Toni Morrison, who wrote the novel on which this is based).
 "Beloved" tells the story of an ex-slave named Sethe, played by Oprah Winfrey, who lives in a large northern farm with his children.
When the film opens, his house is terrorized by a Poltergeist, which shakes things, hurts the dog and makes things generally uncomfortable for the family.
Sethe is proud, however, and will not move.
Her sons run away, leaving only her and her daughter, Denver (Kimberly Elise) alone with the ghost who is there without any factual explanation.
A few years pass, and the ghost remains, and one day, a man by the name of Paul D (Danny Glover), another ex-slave who knew years ago when they worked together on a plantation, arrives, asking for aaccommodation.
He walks since he left the plantation, and when he enters the house, he turns red and becomes incredibly hot.
When he notices what he thinks is evil, Sethe replies "it's not bad.
It's just sad. "
A little more time passes, and Paul D has become a fervent member of the house, and the ghost disappears.
But when they return one day when they leave, they discover a young woman sitting in the house.
Her name is appreciated and, as Newton Thandie played, she has almost no motor skills.
She stumbles, half moving on things and stunning them, and when she speaks, she lets out a low guttural sound which ultimately turns into a baby.
They let her enter her house and she started to turn things upside down.
 "Beloved" acts as an incredibly difficult chamber drama associated with a history of ghosts.
Most of the scenes are made up of people who argue in a claustrophobic and weak room, with the occasional flash towards the past, where we see images of such horror that we thank God for modern psychoanalysts.
Sethe and Paul d have lived so infernal moments that they are forever implanted with the memories of their slave on the old plantation, which includes images such as Sethe raped by the hands of the white plantation, with its licked nipples, thisWho encouraged him to cry Paul d when he remembered: "They took my milk!"
The worst of the month was the month after her freedom, when she was allowed to live as a free person, working with other blacks on a farm, then seeing that her former plantation owners arrived to bring her back, heand her children.
She runs towards the nearby barn, carrying her four children, and when her former owners have burst, they discover that she murdered one of them and is ready to assassinate others if they do not leave them alone.
When she was investigated at this moment by Paul D in a moment halfway through the film, she says that she does not regret it.
She killed her daughter so that she did not have to live the horror she made, and she convinced herself that she did the right thing.
Of course, Beloved is really his materialized daughter, although we are not flat to say that later in the film.
The beloved represents the pain and the suffering that slaves have crossed and show how difficult it was for them to face their freedom after being tortured for so long.
Thus, "beloved" becomes a referral spell of the classic science fiction Andrei Tarkofsky, "Solaris" Year A Cosmonaut discovers that his wife, who committed suicide years earlier, materialized when he is in orbit around a planet with a complex cerebral system.
This film speaks volumes about humanity and our memories, how we constantly regret what happened in the past, and when if it was literally haunting us, it would completely control us.
 "Beloved" moves freely, without many explanations, and for the most part, it is extremely respectable.
The most interesting films are those that do not explain to us for us, leaving gaps in the characters that we are supposed to fill in the way they act in the present.
Sethe is never entirely explained as a character, but we understand all her actions since she was played by Oprah Winfrey.
It has been much more than a decade for her last major performance in "The Color Purple", but to judge by these two films, I bet that she is one of the best actresses that work today ... if
She was strictly an actress.
Her talk show, who, I suppose, is a large entity, prevented her from becoming a remarkable actress, and it is a shame because she brings so much to this film.
emotion.
sadness.
strength .
Watching the Strong Sethe, who is so afraid of the past that she has built a fairly strong protective coating around herself, breaks down when she discovers who is really beloved, that's what makes this film really great.
It makes it real.
That doesn't mean it's a perfect movie.
In fact, I would bet to say that the fact that he is confusing and painful to watch is what prevents this from being the really great film.
Although Oprah's performance is powerful and easily sympathetic (and I want to see her win at least an Oscar nomination in February), the film's structure, which does not show what happened to her children until'Halfway through the film, give us a consistent link with the film.
This does not necessarily move as if they were memories of a particular character, and in the end, he lost control of Sethe, and as she reads, we can no longer really identify with her.
But despite his tolerance, this is perhaps the point.
Distancing at the end of the film can be part of the way it was built from the start, because they think it has gone through being identifiable, and it must return with reality.
And for the most part, this film seems to be the cry of pain of slaves that he really wants to be.
The direction of Jonathan Demme is bizarre, in nature with history, and he creates good humor, which makes it a difficult film to sit, by ensuring that the public feels as uncomfortable as the characters.
There is no longer to admire here, like the way flashbacks appear freely and without real organization, just as they would be in real life; and the way in which the end leaves it a little open to more pain and suffering, butis interrupted with a touch of optimism.
The actor, not only of Winfrey, is incredible, and I plan not only that she will obtain an native nomination.
Everyone has delighted the Newton Thandie performance and how it should be rewarded.
However, it should be noted that on everyone, she had the simplest part.
Act like a baby.
Throw things.
stumble.
Chew food with the mouth open.
I think there is another performance worthy of Oscar's conization, but it is Kimberly Elise, as a girl who must remain sensible and healthy, and must carry the burden of the loss of reality ofHis mother towards the end.
It is not that Newton is not great: she is as boring and eccentric as the role.
It's just that Elise has more difficult work and succeeds even better.
Despite the fact that this film wrote Winfrey everywhere, not that of the writer Morrison or the director Demme, "Beloved" has still not done well.
Cost, I think, about eighty-million million dollars, I T has since reported about twenty-two.
Unfortunately, this film is a little too intense for viewers, even for me, and I can bear almost anything (I recently saw the epic "Caligula" of 2 and a half hours, the worst film II have never seen in my life, and it made in just 2 sessions).
Although I respect "beloved", I cannot say that I really enjoyed.