Mimi Leder is probably better known for her amazing work as a successful TV emergency director.
His episode of famous mast, "Love's Labor Lost", dealt with the test of Doctor Mark Greene while he was doing his best to save the life of a pregnant mother and her child.
The way she moved the camera and created tensions in each scene was incredible.
There was more excitement and adrenaline precipitated the suspense than in all the great successful films of Hollywood.
It is therefore natural that Leder can direct his own Hollywood blockbuster.
And I must say that after a trembling start, she does not disappoint.
Peacemaker takes care of the flight of nuclear weapons by terrorists, which is obviously not new.
The first half hour in detail, too much details, on how weapons are stolen.
Despite some good images, including a train collision and a very impressive explosion, none of this was very coherent.
It is long and pulled, and I would have settled with a more improbable beginning which would have better advanced the story.
Once George Clooney and Nicole Kidman enter the photo, it starts to take off.
George Clooney is an Air Force colonel with connections around the world.
He has a pretty sarcastic spirit and the rough edges that you expect from most Clooney characters.
Nicole Kidman is the head of a white house team during the smuggling of arms.
There are the usual pretty jokes between the two, but which is quickly distributed.
History takes Clooney and Kidman around the world, trying to understand who has arms and where they go with them.
Go through episodes of sarcasm, frustration, determination and revenge while Kidman works against his own insecurity and his doubt.
This is when Leder begins to show his real things.
It starts with a small, clever car prosecution as an aperitif.
Then we get Clooney doing heroic in and outside a helicopter.
Then this brings us to the brilliant final force test on the crowded streets of New York, and a madman with a nuclear bomb walking among them.
Mimi Leder is natural to create suspense.
She reminds me of Wolfgang Petersen in her ability to make the most common and breathtaking action for action.
Nicole Kidman is an intelligent female action hero.
You will not find her fall so that Clooney can come back to save her.
George Clooney is a real movie star.
Many of you may have hated him like Batman, but this guy is real.
It has a natural presence on the screen and an ungrateful personality.
He will be there for a while.
DreamWorks left satisfactory with Peacemaker.