There is a moment in Schindler's list when a number of Jews fought in the snow, the clean and crunchy edges, the dark edges and the frost on the ground.
A girl passes through, wearing a red dress that stings the eyes.
It's probably the best time throughout the film.
When I saw it for the first time, I started to cry, even if I couldn't say why.
This landscape is the framework of many small moments which are added to a large set.
When a man is shot in the head, we see blood swelling on the ground - so black and troubled, it's almost red in grenade.
At another time, we follow a young boy while he runs, looking for a hiding place before finally hugging toilets - which is already busy.
Like this (Citizen Kane, Fargo, The Godfather, The Godfather Part II, Greed,) many of the biggest American films, Schindler's list plays with the concepts of money, power and soul.
But it's a film about a man who does the right thing.
The Schindler's list of Schindler emotionally emotional and brutally powerful, eliminates everything and leaves us feelings.
The following that he won is not surprising - is probably, so far, the best film of the decade.
Steven Spielberg has always been a skillful filmmaker - his assured hand has projected both Jurassic Parks, Jaws, The Indiana Jones Films and E.T.
- But it was not until 1993 that we saw how much he can be a brilliant man.
The product of his authentic is really something to see - he can make you cry your eyes just as he raises you.
Throughout, we feel deep control that he distributes so masterfully.
We look at Oskar Schindler (Liam Neeson) growing up from an arrogant and important man who hires Jews only to save money in a moving figure, with a deep feeling of pride and accomplishment.
The film requires a lot of work and can be a painful experience - will wait for quick entertainment and you will be bitterly disappointed.
It rewards the patient's spectator.
It is a mature spielberg, and his skilful hands shape an absolute masterpiece.
This beautiful EQSUISITE film is a rare jewel.
He does a good job to summarize why I like movies.
He leaves a breathlessness, raised and with a lot to think.
Then you can think about individual images, visions and people.
Laconic, kidnapped, Schindler runs through the film a detached presquence that watches everything, does a lot and leaves the feeling as if he could, should have done more of what he did and could.
The change seems natural - in the hands of a small filmmaker, he would be rude and would deceive the public.
Instead, we are told a story, told a story.
The film punishes to watch, yes.
But whoever allows himself to get involved will experience a miracle and a real masterpiece of a film.