We all know the fate of "Child's Play", which is the same for almost all the films these days that are slightly financially: Hell's suite.
With the latest episode of the almost-popular series currently (it would be "Bride of Chucky"-and he reported 11 million in his opening weekend, which, I think, is the sign of Apocalypse number five), it's a little fun to return and see how it all started Rougly ten years ago with the original, a task that is a spare for some, and for others (namely) aluck to see what it was.
Alas, the original "child game" is actually not so bad.
Even to see it in the tiny theater, claustrophobic and mechanically dissected my college was not the horribly dull experience that I thought it would be, not only because of the beautifully Rowdy crowd (which you almost need to watch a filmLike this one-and if you do not believe me, try to watch this film by yourself one day), but because as a whole, it is not a bad film.
It is not great, but there are two things that many horror films like this do not have: 1) a rather clever premise, and 2) a sense of humor, which saves it fromHell of horror, which is precisely where, say: "I know what you did last summer" recently disappeared.
The premise of "Child's Play" is that a serial killer named Charles Lee Ray (Brad Douriff) is shot dead and almost killed by a hard detective in Chicago (Chris Surandon - See what happens to some nominees for the Oscars?), AndBefore his death, pronounces a voodoo song which sends his soul directly to the doll of a child called Chucky, a doll that must be the most frightening child's doll that I have ever seen.
The next day, a tramp which is stolen, he sells it to the single mother Karen Barclay (Catherine Hicks), who then gave him to her young son Andy (Alex Vincent) for his birthday.
Of course, Chucky starts talking to the child and trying to find a way to get out of the doll, but some twists are appearing.
Like the guy he learned of Voodoo reveals to him that the only way to break the curse is to take control of the first person's body he said inside the doll, that's Andy.
And early enough, Chucky kills people either to take revenge, or for what seems fun, and people discover that Chucky is not only one doll for children one by one.
The idea is neat, mature for many comics terror, and fortunately, it uses a lot.
He plays with a stolen idea in a classic little toons, that when someone knows that Chucky is alive, they talk to people about it, but when he tries to prove them, Chucky does nothing, and everyone thinks thatthey are crazy.
He plays with this, as well as all the childish thought that dolls and toys come to life, and even manage to pile up in a few really frightening moments.
Even if there is an entire sequence devoted to clichés (a single woman in a house hears a noise, will investigate and find nothing, but wait for the botter a second later!),
There is also a ride by car tearing with Chucky trying to cut the detective from the rear seat, then try to attack it when the car finally crashes, leaving the spectator with an expression at least rather visceral.
The end is rather funny too, although a little too trained (about four different ends, perhaps five), and the characters are smarter than the average range of horror films, which makes them easier to sympathize.
If there is a horrible thing about many horror films, it is because the protagonists are morons to which you cannot help crying obscenities, and for the most part, "Child's Play"distant.
And above all, the character Chucky is good, not only because he offers instant comic relief (look!
This doll evolves alone!), But because it is generally frightening.
If there is something really bad with the "child's game", it is that it is too commonplace and has too much clean love.
At almost 90 minutes, "Child's Play" presents too less to be a real horror classic.
He embarks on a simple configuration of three acts which makes him quickly and almost forgettable if he was not for the fact that the film deals with a psychotic doll.
If the film had more confidence in what he presented, he would really push the limits and would become even more than a little bit of horror escape, which explains precisely why this type of film is only memorable as aSmall film on time cheap ... which
It is not necessarily a bad thing.
As such, "Child's Play" is content to be just the typical and typical horror film, but runs away via a sense of humor and a beautiful almost campy feeling that makes it much more pleasant than the filmtypical and typical average horror.