This Sunday afternoon, I had the privilege of attending a private screening at the Sony Astor cinema in New York, of the most announced film by James Cameron, Titanic.
Pose last summer, with an increasing budget that makes it the most expensive film in history, it was a film that I was impatient to preview.
So, will this film flow or swim this vacation?
My best supposition .... it will flow, but with many prices attacked to its shell.
Without a doubt, Titanic is the most elaborate disaster film ever made.
It has the most amazing effects that I have ever seen to date.
Seeing a ship collapse, with real people who cross the ship, flying on the deck and falling into the water, is simply incredible to look at.
The effects are so incredibly realistic, you would swear you are looking for real images.
But Titanic is more than a disaster film, and this is where the problem is.
There is an attacked love story that ruins almost the whole premise.
I will give a capsule summary of the story without spoiling anything for you:
The film begins with a modern excavation of the engulfed Titanic.
We see real images of the swallowed ship, because Cammeron had installed special cameras to film the wreck at the bottom of the ocean.
Bill Paxton leads the shipment, looking for sunk treasures.
What he finds instead, leads him to a mysterious old woman who tells his story of the Titanic trip.
We meet Rose (Kate Winslet), a young woman, who comes from a higher class family.
Rose must be married to a man she doesn't like.
We meet Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a young man, who comes from a bad financial experience, and won a ticket on board the Titanic, in a poker game.
The two meet in interesting circumstances, and the love story begins.
Add a jealous fiancé, and a law officer not if Nice played by David Warner, and you have a story which, well, becomes a little overexploited and excessive.
I must add, at this stage, that the friendliest character in the film is played by Kathy Bates, as a woman with "New Money" who is much less tense than the other wealthy of the ship.
It's a pleasure to see on the screen.
When the ship strikes the iceberg at 1: 40 in the film, and ends up flowing, you never really feel these characters.
The film is just loaded with rich snobs and people who are never really understood.
The effects are enormous.
Running of gears and pumps in the machine room to a ship condemned to fall in love, it is an image of effects that resembles and does not look like any other.
We saw Titanic in Dolby Digital Surround, by far, it is the best film to the sound that I have ever seen.
My friend commented that it was the best mix of his he ever heard.
When people are in the water, at the end of the film, you are surrounded by the voices of the lost soles.
Titanic works far too long.
The film lasts 3 hours and 15 minutes.
And, while most of the first 2 hours. 5 hours take place very quickly and well at the rate, the last 45 minutes end almost a sudden stop, and you realize that this love story Sappy must end before the endfrom the film.
Don't get me wrong on Titanic .... it's
Not bad as I do.
It is really an exceptional film.
Costumes and sets are incredible and faithful to the period.
The ship is meticulously created exactly true to form, because we see real images of the modern wreck, transformed into representation of the film.
This film will certainly gain on the effects, the costumes, the design of the sets and the sound.
Cameron has certainly made his best film to date.
Unfortunately, Titanic is not a candidate for the best film.
He just doesn't have a solid story of support.
It is an exceptional disaster film with a SAPPY filling inside.
He just doesn't have the emotional impact that I suspect Mr. Cameron pulled for.
I predict this chickadee Anic will open up to sympathetic criticism.
It's a film to see.
I predict that it will only do moderately well at the box office.
With its extreme execution time and lack of robust robust enough to obtain substantial word of mouth, I expect it to do even better on personal video.
It will certainly be the final AC3 film for all theater lovers at home.
Titanic opens on December 19 and is published by Paramount Pictures and the 20th century-Fox.
I give Titanic 3 stars (.
not bad .
Ron Epstein
Published Rightly in Home Theater Forum ====