Everyone has heard of this film, and more specifically, * The * scene.
Everyone heard the famous quote of farmyard animals shouted (without puns) over and over.
And everyone must admit that they will never come to a river again without thinking about deliverance.
GOOD !
This is what you are supposed to do!
Oh, if you are one of those who have not yet seen this, or if you (in one way or another, you have not heard of what is going on, here is your warningSPOILER.
Deliverance was a real shock for his time (1972).
Major progress was underway in films, and Deliverance made its own progress when it introduced a new horror in the film industry.
When he was published for the first time, he literally shocked the public.
It was something that, for the most part, had never really been seen on the big screen before (among the films with wide release with a note R).
But according to the standards of today's film and in today's world, scenes such as that of deliverance can be reproduced in a way that is not as shocking, although they can beeven more graphic (for example g.
Pulp Fiction ) .
Pulp Fiction did it in a certain way, and developed in a certain way, that he could even be interpreted as funny.
But in 1972, deliverance was not a question of laughing.
The story focuses on a group of four men from Atlanta who decide to make a rafting trip to a backwoods river in Georgia while the river is still there and in its glory.
The initial chief of the group is Lewis (Burt Reynolds at its peak), a real exterior and more of one type Daniel Boone than the others.
Ed (Jon Voight), Bobby (Ned Beatty), and Drew (Ronny Cox).
The group’s first goal is to find someone (s) to drive their car on the river to the point where they will end their trip.
They make arrangements with a few mountains, which accept $ 40 .00 for the task.
Drew also offers the famous "Duel Banjos" competition with a room that is, let's say, genetically disputed.
The men then left at the bottom of the river, with Lewis, also the master of the canoe, opening the way.
Everything seems to be fine, until the two canoes separate, leaving the ED and Bobby not experienced alone.
They meet two hillbillies, armed with a hunting rifle, which captured them.
Ed is linked to a tree while Bobby is sodomized by one of the men.
Ed receives almost the same cruelty, but Lewis arrives just in time to shoot an arrow in the rapist's back.
The other Hillbilly gets away with it and men must decide what to do with the corpse.
The elimination of corpses is carried out quite frequent throughout this film.
While trying to make a "paddling paddle", the two canoes change.
Drew, who was without life jacket, may have been shot and cannot be found.
Lewis suffered a rather unpleasant compound fracture during the incident and is in serious condition.
This leaves Ed and Bobby.
Ed decides to go out and look for the remaining Hillbilly with the bow and the arrow.
The question arises if he will be able to manage himself, because he horribly botched a first attempt to shoot a deer, to which his comment "I wonder how anyone could kill a living thing" will have more sense tothe future.
Deliverance is definitely a wild ride (oops, I start again).
It is extremely tense at certain times and very dramatic.
It is certainly one of these films "must see" and must be considered one of the classics of its decade.