When you launch the key part of the voice of Moses, most candidates of most people would probably not be the controversial actor Val Kilmer (the saint and the island of Dr.
Moreau), but he was the choice of DreamWorks in their first animated film traditionally, the Prince of Egypt.
The selection of kilmer turned out to be wise, but the biggest risk that DreamWorks took was not in the casting service.
The radical departure was that they had decided to use the animation medium to make a biblical epic, at the Cecil B. Demille, to move our hearts and our minds rather than tickling our funny bones.
In the press kit, the producer, Penney Cox, says they wanted to make an adult film according to sophisticated themes but which did not exclude children.
Animation films for adults that are suitable for children and who are not comedies, now it's something fresh.
Let me admit in advance that I was quite skeptical about whether DreamWorks could do it.
Antz de DreamWorks seemed to be a film that is not entirely suitable for an age group.
The Prince of Egypt can be more difficult to market than Antz, but he is much more satisfactory.
Like Antz and unlike the more modest cast of the life of A Pixar, the prince of Egpyt has half Hollywood making the voices.
Danny Glover is the voice of Jethro, Jeff Goldblum of Aaron, Steve Martin de Hotep, Helen Mirren de la Reine, Michelle Pfeiffer de Tzipporah, Martin short of Huy and Patrick Stewart de Seti.
You can understand for yourself that makes the voice of God.
The film, which is the weakest in the History department, is a version of the notes of Cliff by The Ten Commandments de Demille.
The script of Kelly Asbury and Lorna Cook has an obsession to briefly touch each classic event in the life of Moses.
Half took more than three and a half hours to do him justice.
Unless half of this, the Prince of Egypt rushes through so much material that it does not establish sufficient depth for us to be linked with the characters.
We meet Moses when the queen finds him floating in her small basket.
We watch him grow and become the best bud and a Charcan of Char in Ramses (Ralph Fiennes), the future Pharaoh.
Moses is a free spirit and a practical joker until he discovers his true identity as a Jew.
 ("Everything I have ever known to be true is a lie", complains Moses.)
After discovering his true identity, he sees for the first time the oppression of Jewish slaves who are all around him.
After leaving Egypt, Moses returns to ask Ramses to let the people of Moses go.
This leads to the classic scene of the separation of the Red Sea, which is one of the many places where computers have been used to improve the animation traditionally drawn by the main part of the production.
It is the absolutely amazing visuals that make the film so convincing.
Timed with a rich palette of luxurious roses, blues and gold, the image seems sumptuous of its first frame to its last.
The construction of the temple is represented by blowing dust, and other scenes are filmed with the light of a rising sun.
The most original visual sequence of the film occurs during a dream that Moses a.
Made with an explicit two -dimensional look, the colorful images painted on the walls of the temple come to life to tell their own animated story.
Even if he has his weaknesses, the Prince of Egypt is a noble attempt to cut a new genre - serious animated films for adults who are acceptable to the whole family.
This impressive film deserves to be seen.
The Prince of Egypt takes place around 1: 30.
It is classified PG for thematic elements and would go well for the whole family.
How old should be interested in the child, but those over the age of 8 will likely love him.