In a flashback, the teenager in the eccentric family of the Canadian film, the suspended garden, told her senile grandmother that she goes to a school dance.
Horrified, the grandmother wants to know if her granddaughter knows "the rule of 6".
If you do not break a kiss by the account of 6, then you have committed a sin with the boy.
And above all, the grandmother wants to know if she has "protection"?
She has to wear a rosary in her pocket at any time.
The richly played film is written and directed by Thom Fitzgerald in an original but loving style.
Although some may refer to the film like any other dysfunctional family photo, this nickname lacks the brand.
Yes, each member of the household has their own special problems, but the writer has not chosen to name so many characters for various flowers by accident.
This delicious little image mixes love, tragedy and pathos, resulting in a concoction full of hope and almost magical.
During the opening credits, we observe the boy, Sweet William, in the center of history.
First of all, it is a young boy of medium size who is slapped off screen by his father.
Then he is a teenager of 300 pounds, played with despair and depression by Troy Veinotte.
At the end of the opening credits, we reduced 10 years later.
William is now a medium -sized adult, reasonably happy, played with love and compassion by Chris Leavins.
William returned after 10 years of absence to attend the wedding of his free and coarse sister Rosemary to his first childhood lover, Fletcher (Joe S. Keller).
Kerry Fox of an angel at my table and a shallow tomb plays rosemary with convincing joy.
Nicole Burnell, who gave such a devastating performance in the sweet afterwards, plays adolescent rosemary.
The father of the family, Whiskey Mac (Peter Macneill), is an alcoholic autocrat who is more unpleasant than harmful.
His wife, Iris (Seana McKenna), says that she would have left her years ago to at least go to a warm place without her lack of money and her obligations towards children.
Christine Dunsworth is completed by the family as a nine -year -old purple, the sister that William meets for the first time.
While Irish music exuberant fills the air during the wedding in the family home, William walks away to try one of his old coats, which makes him laugh at the size of his old self.
The director manages to organize simple scenes in a wonderfully imaginative way.
He takes a joint wedding dress train and uses it to install scenes in a fresh and fascinating way.
Rosmary's trip to the toilet after drinking too much beer is beautifully orchestrated, and Kerry Fox is his best hilarious trying to face the long train in a small bath, while talking to his brother.
As much as everything, the film is a series of sketches of characters.
In one of the strongest, we look at William in a flashback because he has his first sexual, homosexual meeting.
Although he is perfectly happy to love the same sex, his mother is dismayed.
A friend of hers suggests that he will take William to a local housewife, Dusty Miller (Martha Irving), who, for fees, will have heterosexual sex with William.
With absolute finesse, the director develops a subtle scene which manages to produce an important emotional punch without being sensational.
Dusty, after asking Iris to look at her daughter, takes William and gently presents her joys of sex with the opposite sex.
Notwithstanding it all, he always prefers men.
The film is at its most poignant in several sequences in which the adult William finds himself face to face with himself when he is younger.
This leads to rekindling her villains old memories.
In the most devastating, he must adapt to his old self which was so overwhelmed by the stress that he tried to hang himself.
Even here, the director touches your heart without ever letting history dissolve in anything AP Proofing a tearful.
The ultimate result is an edifying story that has more hope that you would never expect from the outline of your plot.
The hanging garden takes place 1: 31.
It is ranked R for strong sexuality, language, violence and drug use in adolescents and would only be acceptable for adolescents only if they are quite old and mature.