October Sky is a rare oddity in the cinema: an self -proclaimed "edifying" film which is actually edifying!
Based on Homer Hickam's autobiographical book, Rocket Boys, October Sky tells the fight of four boys looking for their dream.
We are in 1957, and for boys from Coalwood, Virginia-Western, there is not much hope of a pink future.
Coalwood is a mining city of coal and, with the exception of the few lucky people who manage to escape on a football scholarship, most Coalwood boys are intended to work in the mine.
But, in October 1957, an event occurred that triggered a boy to dream.
The launch of the Soviet satellite Spoutnik puts Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal) to dream of a future of rocket and space trips.
Of course, Homer's parents (Chris Cooper and Natalie Canderday) do not know what to make unusual interests of their son.
Homer obtains his strongest encouragement from Miss Riley (Laura Dern), a teacher from her school who also informs her of the scholarships offered to the winners of a national sciences fair.
And so, with stars in his eyes and scholarship thoughts in his head, Homer asks for the help of three other boys (William Lee Scott, Chad Lindberg and Chris Owen) and begins to build a rocket.
But, do these four backwood boys even have the slightest hope of escaping from their destiny?
There are many things that could have bad with the October sky.
Almost all the sequences flirt by becoming a syrupy and shot.
However, miraculously, October Sky avoids almost all these traps, which makes the exact movements at the right time.
A film emerges that manages to be powerful and move without slipping into the fog of nostalgia sprayed or slide on the Sappiness sugar slope.
Jake Gyllenhaal is exceptional as a kid in the center of this film.
> From the start of the film, it is immediately sympathetic and never seems too cheesy or certified to alienate the public.
Unfortunately, while October Sky focuses on Homer, the other three children get the end of the stick.
They remain a little more than reserved spaces reading "insert a friend here".
Among the adults of the film, Chris Cooper is the most made character.
The film never paints him as the simple nasty parent who stands on the way of dreams of his child, but, instead, shows the portrait several times of a man who wants the best for his family and his city, but is too stubborn to achieve what it is.
Director Joe Johnson deserves a lot of credit for having managed to sail in the many obstacles that October Sky manages to dodge.
However, there are still a few opportunities when it allows things to do a step too far.
Natural and inspiring scenes are starting to become artificial and artificial.
However, these failures are minimal and Johnson quickly rejects the film.
The problem with many so -called "edifying" films is that they are trying to force their good medicine in your throat.
October Sky never uses this level, and yet, manages to become a really edifying film only on its own merits.