The relaxed guy rolls on roller coaster
The Big Lebowski A film review by Michael Redman Copyright 1998 by Michael Redman
The most surreal situations are ordinary daily life as perceived by a foreigner.
When these observers are Joel and Ethan Coen, the surrealist becomes weird.
When the life is that of Jeff "the guy" Leboswki, the bizarre falls above the world of "what is in progress".
The wonderful sound of the voiceover of "The Stranger" (Sam Elliot) presents the film.
At least, until he forgets what he was going to say and abandons.
The guy (Jeff Bridges) is described as "the most lazy man in Los Angeles, perhaps the world", although he is not so lazy that he is relaxed.
Spend the last 30 years with a clip of roach in one hand and a white Russian in the other, he does not have a lot of life, but he has a good time.
When asked what he was doing to have fun, he replied "Bowl, driving and the occasional acid flash".
Lebowski's passion is bowling.
When he does not roll the ball in an alley towards a shot, things happen to him.
When he arrived at home one evening, he beat with thugs who try to collect money that his wife owes their duty.
Worse still, they urine on his carpet.
The problem is that the guy has no woman.
His attackers realize that their target is a different Lebowski when they take a look at his apartment.
The "Big" Lebowski (David Huddleston) is a multimillionaire and his duoder lives in two -room misery.
The next day, our hero of the Ragtag visits the manor of his namesake who tries to compensate for his soaked carpet.
The carpet is important for him because it brings together the room: unsurprisingly because it is practically the only object there.
When he is denied money, he picks up a replacement carpet on the ground.
On leaving, he finds himself in the Lebowski trophy, marries Bunny (Tara Reid) which proposes to perform a sexual act which, according to the rumor, is one of the favorites of Bill Clinton for a thousand dollars.
The guy without the penny he is heading to the ticket distributor.
Later, he obtained an unexpected telephone call by enlisting his help to be the man of the bag to offer a ransom to the kidnappers of Bunny.
It starts the Coen Brothers Coen crime sequences.
The kidnappers are incredibly incompetent.
The guy and his friends are even worse.
Each plan turns badly.
You can almost see Lebowski's brain occurring in slow motion as it tries to understand the clues.
This is the story, but to tell the truth, it doesn't matter much.
There could be almost any intrigue and the film would be just as entertaining.
The story only exists we can look at the quirky characters and the original prediments in which they fall.
Bowling friends from the guy Walter (John Goodman) and Donny (Steve Buscemi) look like people you would see in the street but, like all the rest of this film, they are not quite what they seem.
Walter is a veterinarian as stuck in Vietnam as guy in the 60s.
Everything that happens reminds him of a situation in the NAM.
When another player crosses the line of fault but does not admit it, Walter pulls a pistol on him until he marks a zero on the score sheet.
Donny obtains a few precious words between the cries of Walter and the guy.
When he does, Walter shouts with horrible bowling games, although apparently involuntary.
Donny is "out of his league" and does not have "a reference frame".
The film is dotted with people for whom the term "character" would be an understatement.
The daughter of Big Lebowski, Maude, an avant-garde "vagina" artist, painted, swinging naked in a leather apparatus like a S&M Mary Martin.
The kidnappers are German techno-nihilist bikers.
Bunny Lebowski is a high school cheerleader who has become a porn star.
The most impressive is John Turturro in his far too small role as a Hispanic bowling player.
While flamenco music swells, we see By offering her lavender hose.
The camera goes to a stroke to skin outfit with "Jesus" (pronounced with a "J", not an "h") embroidered on the pocket.
It is for the way with an intense seriousness and a painted nail.
His tongue winds slowly and licks the brilliant bowling ball with love.
Bridges has worked guy as if he had been living for decades and maybe he did.
I cannot think of anyone else who could have done a better job.
Buscemi has a limited role, but he plays it perfectly.
The more I see John Goodman, the more I am convinced that he is one of the treasures of our time.
It is strange to think that most of the world only knows him as the TV husband by Roseanne Barr.
More like the "Raising Arizona" of Coen than their "Fargo" tube, "The Big Lebowski" requires an open mind and even more open eyes.
A brand of the Coen brothers is that even with all the wonderful dream sequences and the large Slapstick physical comedy on the screen, a large part of humor is subtle and easy to miss.
So many things happen that often disappears before you can see it.
Get out of the theater, I felt that the film had something important to say.
To a more in -depth examination, I did not know exactly what it was.
 "If you meet Jesus in the bowling alley, it will not be what you expect"?
 "When things become weird, the bizarre bowling"?
Maybe there is no real message.
It may be just a roller coaster tour through a hilarious world.
Maybe that's enough.
 (Michael Redman has written this column for 23 years and realized that he was so caught with the guy that he lacked space to speak of "the man in the iron mask" with this favorite of girls of 14years of all the games.
Redman @ bvoice.com is the wife of Esduff.)