A year has passed since the last time we saw them, and but Wayne Campbell and Garth Algar are back but they have left their parents, and now have their own pad in an abandoned warehouse.
Wayne is always desperately passionate about her girlfriend, Cassandra, and of course Garth always has his own personal growth pains.
They only finish one of their programs and go to an Aerosmith concert where they cross Cassandra and her new manager, a mud of the stereotypical industry that does not look like Rob Lowe described in the previous film.
Again, the promoter is not only after the money that Cassandra's talent can bring.
The scenario deteriorates quickly in parallel with the original, "Guy loses Chick, Guy realizes the error, and Guy recovers Chick."
Fortunately, there is more in this film than this somewhat pure intrigue.
The spirit and humor of this film are surprisingly intelligent and fresh with many interior jokes in the industry of film and music as well as many hilarious scenes from Wayne and Garth showing their real color.
The protruding facts of the film include a parody of Jurassic Park, Garth's Seduction by a married woman, a surprise appearance of Charleton Heston, a configuration of Batman from the 1960s in the Guy's pad, and fairly groovy conversations with Jim Morrison and one "Naked Indian Guy "," an unexpected labial synchronization of YMCA (you could see the one one kilometer) and of course a hilarious parody of these Mal Dubes Kung-Fu films that we like to laugh.
And if you have already wondered why there are always boxes of watermelons, chickens and people who walk in plate glass in the middle of the streets, you will discover it here.
This film also explores Wayne and Garth a little more.
Garth has a little "maturity" and Wayne learns a little about himself (with a little help from our old friend, Jim Morrison).
Some old jokes from the previous film are again explored here, but this time with a few twists and turns to keep them fresh, and fortunately, little, even none of them, are overused.
Overall, the film has a lot of continuity defects (especially in the combat scent between Garth and Cassandra's father), but these are easily neglected as is the case, after Wayne's World.
The plot is fragile but manageable.
There are some special effects, but they are quite transparent and fill well in the plot.
The game is good for this kind of film, but there are very bright points.
Overall, this film is simply fun.
There is a lot of smart humor that makes this film special.
For a whole hour and 40 minutes, I didn't even think of looking at my watch once.
Idress, but sometimes rotating, it's an excellent film even better than the original.