It must be difficult to be a mafia boss.
Just ask Paul Vitti (Robert Deniro), a man who finds his job as a mafia chief as stress.
I can also believe it - we cannot even start understanding the agitation he must cross when he is forced to choose between a choice of ice, a baseball bat or a hammer to torture the victims.
Suffering from recurring panic attacks, Paul decides that he must consult professional help.
And who better than Billy Crystal.
After appearing in the flops at the bottom of the barrel, the Father's Day and my giant, Crystal finally finds a reliable Costar and very promising equipment here.
Playing the private shortcut of Vitti, the two very different stars strike an unorthodox, but interesting relationship that carries this pleasant comedy on a constant wave of laughter from start to finish.
Throwing Robert Deniro as Paul Vitti is sort of in a joke, I think.
Placed in place of this gangster, Deniro arrives at characters for the use he himself played in films like The Godfather, Part II and Casino.
It is obvious that he has a lot of fun doing it.
The man behind the camera is Harold Ramis, whose credits include Ghostbusters (as a writer and star), and his best effort of staging, the vehicle Bill Murray, the Marmot day.
Ramis have a talent to make laughs because he just knows what is funny, and here he manages to accentuate the forces of almost all actors.
The only character who weakens the gain is the future bride of Crystal (Lisa Kudrow).
Playing the same stupid role as in friends, Kudrow is fun, but does not integrate into this comedy mold as well as the director.
The supporting casting cast.
Joe Vitrelli is hilarious as Jelly, Vitti's right hell man, and Chazz Palminister is a spectacle cap playing a gangster colleague who desperately needs the definition of "closure".
The film manages to maintain coherent laughter throughout, emphasizing 3 or 4 really tall laughs that will have the public seizing their sides.
The situation is simply too cute to resist.
It is regrettable that the language becomes somewhat uncontrollable.
But hey, if you are in the mafia, using obscenities probably comes naturally.
And towards the end, seeing Billy Crystal try to walk and speak like a boss of the crowd is really a special treat.