Alien3 of 1992 marked not only the death (by suicide) of its popular protagonist, Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), but, in many ways, the extraterrestrial franchise itself - the office receipts of the box were anemic, thanksIn bad mouth mouth of the public; and the criticisms that gathered around the first two episodes, Alien of 1979 and the extraterrestrials of 1986, the Sales of David Fincher Slog from A Sendoff (me including).
Consequently, Weaver, the director Jean -Pierre Jeunet, and the others behind Alien Resurrection faced a double challenge - not only to resuscitate Ripley, but also to save this series formerly responsible for the pile of scrap.
Despite the chances, they succeeded, even if the new entertaining episode is not measured by the excellent first two.
The writer Joss Whedon designs a quick, easy and painless response to the problem of Ripley Dead - Cloning, which shady military scientists do using blood left on Fiorina 161, the planet of the prison of the third film.
That done, the _real_ challenge presents itself - which does with it.
Alien presented Ripley as intelligent and ingenious; extraterrestrials hardened it simultaneously and returned it more vulnerable, exploring its maternal side; alien3 saw it pass the seven stages of death.
What could be the next one?
Whedon offers an intelligent rotation: since the death of the original ripley while it has been imbued with an extraterrestrial queen, the blood used for the clone is also "infected" by extraterrestrial DNA.
Thus, the new Ripley is, in fact, new - a human / extraterrestrial hybrid endowed with increased instincts and strength, a psychic link with deadly species and a more predatory attitude.
Unfortunately, this is where the intelligent sequence of Alien Resurrection in writing stops.
The Alien series is known to have stronger stories than most creature characteristics.
But history in the resurrection is more a reflection afterwards.
The film begins with an intrigue involving certain military types which are trying to form extraterrestrials to make their auctions, but once the creatures have freed themselves, it is once again Ripley and a team of cloth (this time a bunch ofInterstellar passers -by, including a hard -played call, played, played a Winona Ryder game) trying to exterminate them.
And Ripos-Alien's scenario is ultimately not exploited to its full potential; I would have liked a deeper exploration in the dilemma of becoming one of the species that she spent all her life trying to destroy.
While the internship in the proven formula is a bit disconcerting, the formula is experienced for a reason, and JULTET approaches the procedure with a dizzy abandonment.
The stranger, after all these years, is always terrifying, and a new breed introduced is no less.
Violence is appropriately macabre and extremely, and the action parts are suspended and exciting, in particular an extended underwater sequence.
The film is absolutely visually fascinating, thanks to the solid work produced by the production designer Nigel Phelps and the director of photography Darius Khondji.
As a technically follower that the management of Jeunet is, perhaps that his greatest contribution (and, moreover, of Whedon) is perhaps the infusion of humor in this series in particular Down-Rabat and serious.
A sense of humor may seem to go against all that this horror spectacle represents, but self -awareness of excess simply adds to pleasure.
No, Alien Resurrection is not the great film that Ridley Scott's Alien or the film even bigger than the extraterrestrials of James Cameron was.
But after the sadness and the misfortune of Ficher to finch, the resurrection of Jeunet is a welcome return to his roots as a stronghold with thrills and reckless.
This is what made the extraterrestrial series so popular in the first place, and this will keep the popular series in all future payments.