One of the sweetest tales to do is a wonderful life is not perfect, but its good nature charm and its beautiful performances light the screen with glorious results.
Probably the biggest film of "well-being" of all time, it is a wonderful life aims for the heart and strikes with a golden arrow.
The day before Christmas, George Bailey (Stewart) is prayed by many in the small town of Bedford Falls.
You see, George is in trouble, and he has always helped other people who needed them.
This time, however, God responds to his prayers and sends the adorable goalkeeper Angel Clarence (through) to try to save George.
Clarence, however, has her own problems.
Clarence is an angel without her wings, and each time the bell rings, the wings pass it.
The Bailey affair is a way for him to win these magic wings and become a real angel.
But before Clarence could save George, he must first go through a version of notes of cliffs from the life of George Bailey.
We see George sacrificing his hearing to save his brother's life, sacrifice his collegial studies to save the family business, sacrifice his dream of living far to support his brother, and even sacrifice his life to make sure that his brother is happyto work elsewhere.
When the bank that his family has is in trouble, George gives his honeymoon money to make sure that the bank is not sold to evil MR.Potter (Barrymore), which wants nothing less than going outBaileys de Bedford Falls.
A Christmas, Potter is lucky.
Uncle Billy Bailey (Mitchell) loses $ 8,000 from the bank's money.
Without money, the bank must close.
George is stuck in a formidable bond and envisages suicide.
Clarence, the faithful servant, is just there to come and seek him and show him what Bedford would like without George.
All this is an entry to the last very famous scene, where George finally sees what true happiness is.
It is a wonderful life has its faults.
The film begins to feel dated in detail, especially in the treatment of women and men.
Sexual roles in the film are strangely moved in the 90s, as something revisionist look.
All men drink too much and take over their wives too much during certain parts of the film.
There are however endearing moments in all of this.
Capra puts just enough humor mocking the sexual roles of the 1950s to make the film remarkably pleasant.
The story is hackneyed, and the end feels, well, a little too much sugar.
There is this feeling of uncomfortable sugar on everything, especially the sequences where George is either in difficulty or to help someone.
It's a little too nice for my taste, sometimes.
However, there is enough humor, enough spirit, and enough of Jimmy Stewart to pass the film through the central part, which would be most difficult.
But to look is a wonderful life is never boring or difficult: it is always interesting, to the finish, which, for all its sugar, has a delicious meaning and is beautifully done.
Capra has its monumental shots, but the actors savor them and surmount to perfection.
Donna Reed is perfect as a loving and obedient woman, and Lionel Barrymore is gloriously grumpy as MR.Potter.
Everyone is magnificent, including Bert and Ernie (Ward Bond and Frank Faylen).
There is a general feeling of kindness, as if everyone in the film knows that they make a big film, and they savor this.
Stewart, however, is the king of all this.
He is sometimes clumsy, especially by saying "Merry Christmas" to all objects, animated or inanimate.
But he is James Stewart, and he is adorably delicious throughout the film.
Did I complain?
I should not have.
It's a very good film.
No, it's a great film.
Better yet, it is a phenomenal film.
There is a reason why the classics are invented: to ensure that People will always have great films to help them in their quest to live life.
This is one of these films.
It's a "well-being" film, what people complain a little too much.
But the reshuffle by Capra of "A Christmas Carol" is the biggest Christmas film of all time.
There, I said it.
I must admit that the first time I saw it, I saw it with my family, including my 11 year old little sister.
They all loved it.
They loved George, his wife, his problems and the beautiful end.
Is it a little too much sugar coated?
maybe .
never mind .
It is a film that should be watched over time, with families around a coffee table and chicken milk on the plate.
It is a film that makes you feel good in life, family and hope.
It's the perfect Christmas movie, the faults and everything.
It is Frank Capra's biggest attack, and it really says a lot.
For about 121 by 129 minutes, this film is impeccable.
The rest can be excused: no film is perfectly impeccable.
I can't get back to what extent I like this film, and how much you will, after watching it, digest it and sit with your family, enjoying the special life really.