On June 30, 1960, a self -taught young man, idealistic, but pragmatic, became, at 36, the first head of government of a newly independent African state, formerly the Belgian Congo.
Two months later, he was ousted from his powerful position and chased by government troops until he was captured and brutally murdered with two collaborators.
This little -known story of this growing rise and this dazzling fall is told to my international filmmaker Raoul Peck in "Lumumba".
The story of Patrice Lumumba (Eriq Ebouaney) was told previously by Helmer Peck in his award -winning documentary in 1991, "Lumumba - the death of a prophet", practically guaranteeing that his new fictitious story of a patriot remains faithful to hissubject.
Peck, with the co-series Pascal Bonitzer, begins at the end of the history of the young political leader.
We look at two white men perform the horrible task of dismembering the bodies of three black men.
Images of axes, saws and bottles of fast empty whiskey accompany the macabre image.
Go back up a meeting for a meeting among the black leaders of the Congo belonging to the Belgian.
A third -class postal worker, Lumumba, said his mind to the chiefs of the most powerful tribes, proclaiming himself not tribal, non -regional, but a national leader.
His small mobile party, the Congolese National Movement (MNC) is gaining importance and Patrice leaves his office work to sell beer and make himself known, in the lively capital, Stanleyville.
At a time when colonial empires fall into the world, Lumumba is in the right place at the right time and, thanks to political manipulation and failures, reaches a leadership position of the MNC.
While the date of independence approaches, he positions himself tactically as the first Prime Minister and Minister of Defense of the new country, supporting the presidency of Joseph Kasa Vubu (Maka Kotto).
The coalition he created soon begins to collapse while the former Belgian masters continue to have an influence on the nation in difficulty while they strive to maintain an economic expectation on the vast natural resources of copper,diamonds, gold and even more of the country.
Lumumba will not seek help from the United States, knowing that it would try to create a de facto American control of the nascent government.
His initial investigation into Soviet assistance immediately labeling Patrice as a communist and his integrity is overshadowed by the threat of the Cold War of Russian domination.
The situation goes from worse, as the mutine army, the remaining whites are starting to evacuate or arrest them in their return from a conference abroad.
This tumultuous and little -known period of modern African history has seen a partition of nations struggling for the independence of the sometimes offense colonialists who have governed a large part of the world of their European seats for centuries.
Peck concentrates his story on familiar equipment that strives to give an honest representation of Patrice Lumumba, his friends and enemies and independence movements that seized Africa in the 1950s and 60s.
 (During the time that history takes place, many new nations, including Nigeria and Somalia, were born, with various degrees of success and failure, which generally depend on the country the colonized.
Some colonial masters were better than others.)
The effort involved in "Lumumba" is quite ambitious that Peck and his crew before and behind the camera strive to give life to this slice of world history which could have been unexplored for decades, if not at all.
Production values are of first order on what must be a small American budget.
The feeling of the time and the realistic African parameters are well maintained in a production that has traveled from Zimbabwe to Mozambique.
The scenario covers a lot of GR Onend and does the work of Yeoman to provide a great detailed history while trying to do justice to the history of Lumumba's life.
The political side of things is also told in a linear and simple way that teaches, no preaching.
He focuses on man's good deeds, if a little as a faithful holy, but does not engage a greater personality than life.
The family side of Patrice's life is managed in several superficial and in short interludes that show him speak to one of his children, kissing his wife or moving the death of his child.
I know that the intention is to degrade man, but a shrift too short is given to the family side of Lumumba.
History, as such, has an unbalanced idea on this subject.
The high brands go to Eriq Ebouaney as a title character.
The actor gives a convincing charismatic performance as Patrice Lumumba with multiple facets and politically skillful which has the good of his people and his country as force leading his own ambitions.
In the true tradition of documentation, the support cast does not outdo the star, completing her good efforts, instead.
 "Lumumba" is a solid, interesting, educational and honest documentary that should call on moviegoers and politicians.
He has more intelligence in his story than everything I saw in Hollywood for months and I give him a B +.