Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
It is surprising to consider that it was only a few years old that film distributors reorganized their summer release hours in order to give the Animated Masciple of Disney Juggernaut a large berth.
The Lion King had just broken 300 million dollars in crude to become one of the most profitable companies in the history of cinema, continuing to rely on a robust base left by previous films Aladdin and Beauty and the Beast.
Since then, however, the animated Disney features have shown an uninterrupted chain of decreasing returns, with Pocahontas, the hunchback of Notre Dame, and Hercules of this year turning successively and less powerful.
With the range of Disney, formerly printable, on the market share, which suddenly seems vulnerable, and faced with their first serious competition on the Anastasia animated film market, Disney brought Christmas back to the house by dustingThe functionality that sparked the modern revival defaulting animation, the Little Mermaid.
Although the animation of the film is, as is generally the case for Disney Films, undoubtedly of first order, the magic of the little mermaid is not its animation, but the wonderful innocence of its history and its musicdarker.
The scenario of the film is quite simple - the young adolescent falls in love with the beautiful man, the father disapproves and attributes an unhappy chaperone to his daughter, teen disobeying the father and launches desperate to win his man - except in this case, theChaperon is a crab, the teenager is a young mermaid, and the object of her desire is a human prince.
What makes the little mermaid so affecting and so resonant emotionally is the richness and charm of its characters and the clarity and the honest simplicity of their emotions.
From the moment when the siren Ariel poses her eyes on Prince Eric, she is resolutely struck, and she is such a pure and endearing character that one cannot help in investing their hearts with her.
This simple but touching love story, associated with a good dose of intelligent humor, makes the little mermaid a remarkably captivating image.
One of the interesting things about the little mermaid is something that date for it now, the voices thrown for its crew of heterogeneous characters.
This film was produced just before the distracting concept of using celebrity voices became in vogue, which began to some extent with beauty and the beast and was irrevocably exacerbated by the very bodily turn of Robin Williams toAladdin; at the end of the Lion King and now, the majority of the characters in animated films were expressed by celebrities.
Although it is understandable that the animated features devoid of the recognition of the name or the drawing power of Disney (let's say, the use by Balto of Kevin Bacon and Bridget Fonda, or even the presentation of Anastasia by Meg Ryan and JohnCUSACK) would be forced to turn to this strategy in order to for their products, it is regrettable that even Disney has adopted this policy.
Do we really need to hear, say, Demi Moore like Esmerelda in Notre Dame's hunchback?
Is the entertainment value of the film really increased by hearing a recognizable voice, rather than a voice that best suits the role?
 (I am not exactly on the edge of my seat for Eddie Murphy in the next Mulan.)
Fortunately, the artists who express the characters of the little mermaid, although perhaps more obscure, are impeccably thrown.
The main one is Jodi Benson, nominated from Tony in 1992 for his crazy scene work with you, who expresses the heroine of the film Ariel to perfection; with a wonderfully expressive voice full of youth and magnificent voicesinging, MS.BENSON offers a most engaging anchor for the film.
 (This is the only reason I would even consider to catch a Flubber.)
Likewise, Samuel E.Wright is great in the seeing role of Sebastian, the tired cara goalkeeper born
He easily treats the comic moments of his adorable character for everything they are worth, and his rendering of two of the big pieces of the little mermaid - "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" - have become the legend.
Pat Carrol is delightfully nasty and vampy as the noting of the evil sea, while the booming voice of Kenneth Mars transmits the severe but affectionate authority of the father of Ariel, King Triton.
In major roles and small (Edie McClurg as Dotting Busybody, Carlotta is ideal, and René Auberjonois has a lot of fun with her exuberant French chief), the little mermaid is impeccably thrown.
Of course, the little mermaid will probably be better known for its remarkable collection of songs composed by the Alan Menken song writing team (Music) and Howard Ashman (Words), which had created the little horrors shop andwould continue to compose the beauty and the beast and aladdin for Disney before Mr.ashman is premature death.
Not only mr. The tunes of menken are unbearably catchy, but Mr. Ashman's charming words are fully integrated into the scenario of the film so that the songs are a virtual extension of the character's dialogue, and therefore work wonderfully in thecontext of the film.
M. The partition of Menken for the film is also of first order; the sequence where Eric (expressed by Christopher Daniel Barnes) and Ariel turn his kingdom in a horse -drawn carriage becomes magical and wonderful with the end of Menken.
It seems that most people prefer the deliciously colorful production number for the Calypso style "under the sea", like the refined by Mr. Wright, which won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Awards for the best song -Effect, one of the many little joys to project the film during his reissue was to listen to children dispersed in the audience by singing with the melody - but Monle Favorite is MS.The sincere independence of Benson of the ballad "PartFrom your world ", a piece of desire and hope and gentleman) which, accompanied by the most dazzling animation sequence of the film, accompanies an emotional Wallop which has literally made tears of eyes.
During the resumption of the song, which relies on a crescendo with Ariel stopping on a rock while a wave crashes, the cumulative effect is simply breathtaking, and one becomes perfectly aware that thisunique instance is one of the most beautiful in the history of animation.
To date, November 1997 has ended, as is the limited reissue of Disney 17 days from the little mermaid.
There is no doubt that the main motivation for, if not the reissue of the film itself, at least its timing, was to strengthen Disney domination in the animation market and provide direct competition to the new division of'Fox animation of Fox and their first large company, Anastasia.
In all respects, the reissue of the little mermaid seems to be a success - the big brights of the 1997 film pushed its cumulative domestic crude on the magic brand of $ 100 million; the little mermaid has proven to have a drawing powerRemarkably solid for a film initially released only eight years ago and in many video houses, pulling nearly $ 10 million in its opening weekend; and Although Nobody Could Possible Expect the Little Mermaid to Possible Defeat theAggressively-Marketed Anastasia in Head-to-Head Competition, It Siphone Enough from the Fox Film's Opening Weekend Totals to Keep Anastasia from the Coveted Weekend Leader Spot, Allowing for Disney's Odious Flubberpour Balaying the following week and.
But although Disney's motivations in the reissue of the little mermaid were selfish and protectionist, the real winner is the public.
All reason to put this film back in theaters is good, and it is a real joy to see this comforting gem on the silver screen.
The little mermaid is the best film to be released from the modern of Disney Animation rebirth, and one of the greatest animated films ever made.