Here is an analogy of the word: Amistad is in the world lost, because the list of Schindler is in Jurassic Park.
In 1993, after Steven Spielberg made the Monster Dino Hit, many criticisms described Schindler's list as the director's "penance" (as if he had a need for him for apologizing for having made a blockbusterpleasant).
Now, after a three -year layout, Spielberg is back with revenge.
Once again, its summer release was an action / adventure film loaded with special effects with dinosaurs snacking on human aperitifs.
Now, following his 1993 model, he shaped another serious version of inspiring Christmas on the nature of humanity.
This film is Amistad.
Although it is not as masterful as Schindler's list, Frittader is nevertheless a captivating film.
Theatically rich, impeccably manufactured and stimulating intellectually, the only area where this film falls a little short is its emotional impact.
Watching Schindler's list was a powerful, almost spiritual experience.
Spielberg attracted us to the story, absorbed us into the drama, then let us go, exhausted and broken, more than three hours later.
The aspects of the film have stayed with me since.
Amistad, although a fine example of films, is not as transcendent.
The incident of the ship La Frittwin does not be found in any history book, but, given who writes the texts, it is not a surprise.
However, the event is part of the American social and legal fabric and, although Amistad does not rigorously adhere to the real account, most of the basic facts are in order.
Several changes, mostly minor, have been brought to improve the dramatic strength of the film.
Overall, while as anmetad may not be faithful to all the details of the situation, it is true in mind and in the sense of what happened.
A thunderstorm night in the summer of 1839, the 53 men imprisoned on the Spanish slave ship the Amistad Escape.
Directed by the Cinque in the heart of Lion (Djimon Hounsou), they take control of the ship, killing most of the crew.
Drifting somewhere off the coasts of Cuba and uncertain how to return to Africa, they count on the two surviving Spaniards to navigate the journey to the east.
However, they are deceived, and the LA ASTADAD, which heads north off the east coast of the United States, is finally captured by an American naval ship near Connecticut.
Kidnapped Africans are chained and thrown into prison, accused of murder and hacking.
The first men to come to the defense of Africans are the abolitionists Theodore Joadson (Morgan Freeman) and Lewis Tappan (Stellan Skarsgard).
They are soon joined by Roger Baldwin (Matthew McConaughey), a lawyer for the property of Little Recute.
Helped by the advice of former president John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins), Baldwin is a more persuasive speaker than anyone who granted him, and his central argument - that the prisoners were illegally removed from free men, not property- Convince the judge.
But powerful forces have lined up the cause of Baldwin.
Current President Martin Van Buren (Nigel Hawthorne), eager to please voters in the South and Queen Isabella 11 years old in Spain (Anna Paquin), is starting to shoot ropes behind the scenes to ensure that none of the Africanscannot be released.
In his heart, Amistad is a story of human courage.
Cinque is a heroic figure whose mind remains unbreakable whatever the pain and the unworthiness to which it is subjected.
He is a free man, not a slave and, while he recognizes that he can die following his struggle, he will not abandon him.
Effectively referring by the newcomer Djimon Hounsou, whose passion and screen presence stop our attention, Cinque is the key to viewers considering the Africans of Amistad as more than symbols in a battle of ideologies.
These are individuals and our ability to make this distinction is crucial for the success of the film.
To amplify this point, Spielberg Presen Ts many scenes from the point of view of Africans, detailing their sometimes humorous observations on some of the apparently tapered "rituals" of the white man.
The wider struggle is, of course, that of the definition of humanity.
As the Nazis felt justified to massacre Jews because they considered their victims as "sub-human", the pro-slavery forces of Amistad therefore use a similar defense.
Abolitionists consider Africans as men, but slavers and their supporters see them as animals or goods.
In a sense, the morality of slavery is on trial here with the specter of civil war, which would burst less than three decades later, imminent on everything.
The presentation by Amistad of legal and political subtleties surrounding the trial is fascinating, which makes this film one of the most captivating audience dramas in recent history.
Four applicants came up against the Africans: the State, who wishes to have judged for murder; the Queen of Spain, who wants them to have been given to her by the arrangement of an American / Spanish treaty; two officers ofThe American navy, who claim the right to rescue on the high seas; and the two surviving Spaniards of the Amistad, who demand that their property be returned to them.
Baldwin must counter all these statements, while faced a challenge to his own preconceived concepts as the result of a relationship he develops with Cinque.
Even if the lawyer and the customer are divided by a linguistic barrier, they gradually learn to communicate.
Aside from Cinque, who is a fully achieved person, the characterization is uneven, but the game is of first order.
Matthew McConaughey successfully overcomes his image of "pretty boy" to become Baldwin, but the lawyer is never particularly well defined outside of his role in the Amistad affair.
Likewise, although Morgan Freeman and Stellan Skarsgard are effective as Joadson and Tappan, they are never nothing more than "abolitionists".
Nigel Hawthorne, who played the main character in King George's madness, presents to Martin Van Buren as a spin -free sycophant to whom justice means much less than winning an election.
Finally, there is Anthony Hopkins, whose imposing representation of John Quincy Adams is as convincing as all that the big actor recently did.
Hopkins, who can convincingly play such diverse personalities as a serial killer, an emotionally deceased English butler, and Richard Nixon, makes us believe that he is Adams.
His ten -minute speech on freedom and human values is unforgettable.
A difference point deserves to be noted between Amistad and Schindler's list is the lack of well -defined human villain.
Schindler's list counted Amon Goeth, superbly produced by Ralph Fiennes, who was not only a three -dimensional character, but a personification of all that the Nazis defended.
There is no such figure in Amistad.
The villain is slavery, but an ideology, no matter how evil is rarely the best adversary.
It was at Spielberg's credit that he shaped such a convincing film without a prominent antagonist.
The Trek of Friends on the screen, which encountered agitated waters (the author Barbara Chase-Riboud cried the plagiarism, an accusation refused by the filmmakers), arrives in the midst of an increase in interest for theincident.
An opera of the same name opened in Chicago on November 29, 1997.
Many books on the subject appear on the shelves of the bookstore.
It remains to be seen how much the phenomena have longevity, but one thing is certain - with the film of a exciting substantive of Spielberg opening the way, the projector has now illuminated this chapter of American history.