Warning: If you really want to see the film, stop reading this and see it.
Although I can't blow any details of the plot, the more you know about a film, the more disappointing and built (while waiting for a month to see Titanic did the same).
But, in a word, it's a good film.
Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom threatened examined by Vince Yim
Having never been the biggest fan of Star Wars in the world (I was more in Star Trek: The Next Generation), it is difficult to relate to the mass fandom surrounding the last episode, The Phantom Threate.
However, he cannot be ignored.
Endless toys that line the shelves, endless reports and an advertising campaign of several billion dollars make it all the more difficult.
With the level of this media threshing, we would remember an over-type catastrophe of 1998, Godzilla, who certainly failed to meet expectations.
Fortunately, the ghost threat does a lot, much better.
While the "first" Star Wars trilogy told the story of Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker, the preceding Backpedal to tell Obi Wan Kenobi's state of Obi Wan Kenobi and a young Jedi named Anakin Skywalker (who would become the father ofLuke and would end up becoming Dark Vader ().
Without blowing too much from history, the ghost threat evolves around a peaceful Naboo planet, which is held hostage by a federation of gourmet trade, and it is up to two Jedi Knights (Qui-Gon Ji, played byLiam Neeson and Obi-Wankenobi, played by Ewan McGreggor) to release him.
The ghost threat took a literal blow from various cinema criticisms, leaving me to lower my expectations somewhat.
Current complaints range from the lack of characterization, the weak story, the poor direction of the actors, the dated style and too much concentration on the special effects.
However, film critics often apply a great historical theory with regard to the criticism of the film, a large part of the average cinema does not care.
Consequently, this film is very fun and certainly an improvement compared to previous films (even with the "improvements" of special editions).
There are many memorable sequences throughout the film, ranging from the rapid and furious sequence of "Pod race" (which is a vision of tank races in "Ben Hur") and the many combat scenes involving legions ofDroids of battle.
Using a technology that is light years beyond everything that is done before, special effects and computers are used to create everything, from monsters to robots, incredible urban landscapes with incredible details.
No matter how many times you watch this film, you will catch something new.
The level of humor is also a little higher than the previous films, mainly transmitted through the reluctant jar binks, which belongs to a breed known as Gungans.
Better described as a mr.bean from the planet Naboo, he steals the show.
Unfortunately, being that he is a computer generated by computer, tells the direction of the actors a little (although Natalie Portman as a queen is quite effective, just like Jake Lloyd as a young Anakin Skywalker).
With Star Wars Mania at a top of all time, there is the risk that the film will disappoint (I myself had my doubts), which this film tends to do sometimes.
There are some logical problems with the intrigue, several things are not controlled, and sometimes only seems to be done for pure and hard fans of Star Wars (although the appearance of Tusken's raiders is more than a few laughs).
That, and the young Anakin Skywalker is a really boring character, who presents himself as a smart smart and arrogant (with such an attitude, he is not surprising why he turns to the dark side).
However, it seems that many people, especially criticism, are lacking.
The film is among the 2 most fun and a half hours you suffer in your life, which I wouldn't bother me to do it again.
Although he may not have the psychological impact of a pretender at the Academy's prices, who really cares about it?
The film I s Pure pleasure from start to finish.
And isn't that what matters really?