Before even seeing a single framework of the film, it would be easy to sneer into a deep impact, in which a comet on a collision trajectory with the earth threatens the existence of all life on the planet.
This is the last entry of the dubious revival of this decade of the catastrophe film of the 70s, and the first of the two films of "The Sky is falling" to strike the screens this year (the other being Armageddon next July, in which a meteor is the threat).
His slogan, "The oceans go up.
Cities fall.
Hope survives "is not as cornball as that of the tunnel thriller which collapses completely ridiculous (they came alone ... the only way out ... .. ..
is together "), but it is just as traisingly.
The first moments of deep impact offer more to Snicker.
Cheese is not limited to film conventions in the event of a disaster, such as the usual opening "roll call", in which all major characters and their personal problems are presented.
The most important "personal" stories is that of the ambitious television journalist Jenny Lerner (Tea Leoni), who is distraught that his father (Maximilian Schell) left her mother (Vanessa Redgrave) for a younger woman (Rya Kihlstedt).
What is just as worthy of Snicker is the way this co-venture between Paramount and DreamWorks SKG aggressively pushes another high-level business collaboration, Microsoft and MSNBC of NBC Cables Network, which employs Jenny, whichis the main ostensible character of the film.
In the vision of America presented here, MSNBC is the source of new televisions of choice in each house, when in reality it only reaches a fraction of the country.
The initial signs point to something in the direction of a volcano or a peak of Dante, but there is one thing about the deep impact that I underestimated: the skills of director Mimi Leder.
She won an Emmy for her helmet work on Smash ER of NBC, which is essentially a weekly disaster film, each episode featuring a new set of stars invited with their own personal and medical crises.
The challenge presented by this format to the director is twice: (1) to take care of the public of these invited characters, whatever the way briefly seen or the mass and (2) to power the emotions powerfully without being too melodramatic.
Having passed the "emergency challenge" in many episodes and shown a flair to create suspense in the peacemaker, Leder could not be better suited to bring the rather formula scenario of Michael Tolkin and Bruce Joel Rubin.
As the countdown for an impact progresses, the disturbing feeling of misfortune is palpable, leading the final act to face an emotional dimension surprisingly convincing and affected.
There is nothing here that will deeply move anyone, but the fact that everything manages to touch the heart is a great success in a genre generally more concerned by the effects.
The situations which initially feel artificial, such as the family crisis of Jenny and the teenage romance between Sarah Hotchner (Leelee Sobieski) and the discovereuse Comète Leo Biederman (Elijah Wood), realize a certain hair; and even the most vaguely drawn characters,Including U.S. The President Tom Beck (Morgan Freeman), Astronaut Spurgeon "Fish" Tanner (Robert Duvall), and his rather faceless crew (Ron Eldard, Jon Favreau, Mary McCormack, Blair Underwood and Alexander Baluyev) on board theSpatial vessel of the comet Messiah, Euleur starts from touching moments.
The latter fact owes a debt to the actors, who all do a solid job and are well cut, with the possible exception of Leoni; it offers a decent performance, but its rhythms of unconventional discourse and line delivery make it aLittle difficult to buy as a broadcaster of new stars.
Although its catastrophic theme and its work of impressive special effects (giant ocean waves are particularly spectacular) place a deep impact in the same category as Twister, it is the first in the decade of the 90s 90s R Films to successfully marry advanced film technology with emotions that sound true - a film that has a real impact, even if it is not as deep as hoped.