I can already hear the question.
What do these two films have in common?
For most people, not much, except that the two are renowned directors.
As I saw them, however, the two films have defective romantic scripts wrapped in a distinctive packaging of sumptuous musical numbers.
But oh, how the packages affect their films differently.
While the production numbers of "everyone" make something special, something special, the imaginative visuals of Jane Campion are only emphasized, how much the script of Laura Jones is pompous and not prirmed.
I left "everyone says that I love you" not remembering much who loved who, but his contagious happiness put a smile on my face.
I left "the portrait of a lady" who did not remember who loved who, and I could have careful.
 "Everyone" offers nothing that Allen did not do before Storywise.
Woody is desperately in love with a beautiful woman (Roberts), and against the chances they manage to click for a while before Allen wonders what's wrong - again.
Similar situations arrive at his family and friends.
Some of the most bizarre comedy scenes even go back to his films "Early, Funny".
The scenes between Tim Roth and Drew Barrymore could have come out of "Take the Money and Run", its beginnings as a director.
However, nothing Allen has never done for having prepared me for this unique display of good humor.
In fact, in this film, the feeling itself is what is most important.
Yes, the film would have been better - in its best, I think - if he had a more fleshy story.
But what he lacks in substance, he compensates in feeling.
And what better way to express the feeling than by music?
Love is often better expressed in a song, and the figures that the actors break here have cut directly to the heart.
Some are a little too clumsy, like the number where many ghosts are looking into a funeral home, but I admired Allen for putting them in there.
It also helps that as usual, Allen has a high flight distribution by working with him.
Their singing voices are quite good (Goldie Hawn) not quite good (Allen) to literally not aforementioned (Barrymore, whose real voice was nicknamed by a professional).
But although their vocal capacities differ, all the actors do an excellent job by putting joy up there on the screen and making it rub the public.
Certainly, some people will simply never accept characters singing in films, but for those who are there, this film should do wonders.
Jane Campion also has a high -flying distribution that works for her in "Portrait of a Lady", but even their considerable skills can do nothing to prevent the film from being a stiff and practically lifeless, although visually interesting.
Campion and its director of Stuart Dryburgh photography offer a wide variety of filling images that persist in the mind.
Unfortunately, what did not linger in mind for me is the story that the visuals were supposed to reflect.
I remember very well the plans of a train with its radiant light and photos of men who disappear around Nicole Kidman, but I remember very little about what happened between all these people.
Worse, I don't feel bad that I forgot.
The problem, I think, does not reside in the casting, which seemed to try very hard for the equipment.
It is the script that could not convince me to worry about anyone.
The characters moved all kinds of emotions, but I found no reason to connect with none of them.
I understood that the story concerned cold and emotionally vacant characters, but for me, I care about them, I have to identify with them in one way or another and I want them to injectA feeling in their lives.
The Jones script never just gave me this opportunity.
In the end, it almost seemed that Campion was trying to inject some life into the procedure with its visual frills.
Unfortunately, while she was holding painting Regarding these dazzling images, they would only be to move away from the material and to remind me that there was no link between me and the film.
In the end, the only strength in the film ended up hurting it.
So here we have two films with fairly uninteresting plots, and yet I could really enjoy it.
Why ?
With the two films, my head did not care or history, but only "everyone says that I love you" was able to make my heart sing.