Will Hunting (Matt Damon) is a natural genius.
For a film character, it is generally a death sentence.
It is a feature associated with what my brother calls films "too good for this world", such as phenomenon or powder.
Forgive me for having spoiled the end, but Will won't die.
It is not a formula film.
In fact, it's quite fresh and original.
It is a character study more than anything, and it is not surprising, since it was written by two actors: Damon and the Co-Star Ben Affleck.
Will works whatever the type of work he can get.
He is first of all a concierge, then he worked under construction.
Outside screen, it reads books on any academic subject that interests him.
On the screen, he hangs out with his friends, choosing fights in a robust and romantic fashion.
LAMBEAU (Stellan Skarsgard of Breaking The Waves), a professor of mathematics, learns that the concierge (Will) is a genius with a special talent for advanced mathematics.
Having confirmed that he was not a stroke of luck or a scientist, he does what he can to get Will in the education system.
He is firmly rejected.
Finally, Will landed in prison for one of his fights.
Lambeau can give him probation instead of prison as long as Will accept the therapy sessions and discuss mathematics with him.
Will (barely) decides to follow the therapy on the prison.
Lambeau Treats will be like a son.
He is proud and amazed by Will's achievements in mathematics.
He encourages the will and tries to give it structure, knowing that with a little discipline, it could be greater than Einstein.
Will is not really interested in the academic world.
He knows that he would be the best in his field, and would therefore spend his time in an office, explaining mathematics to people like Lambeau.
He prefers to work on construction, which breaks the heart of the flap.
Meanwhile, will attend his compulsory therapy sessions.
It takes long before shredding all the therapists on the "A" list of Lambeau.
Will has read enough psychology to know the tricks of the profession and how to prevent them from affecting it.
Place after the withdrawal refused to come back after Will's mockery.
The last hope of Lambeau is his former roommate, now a professor of psychology in a small community college.
Knowing that Will will try to shred it too, Sean (Robin Williams) agrees to return it with Lambeau service and to have the chance to meet this next Einstein.
True to the form, will find Sean's weakness and emotional attacks.
But unlike other narrowing, Sean knows what he is and continues the sessions.
Like a host mother with a difficult child, Sean knows that attacks are defensive and are able to take them in stride.
Like the host mother, Sean knows that time and quiet patience are the only approach.
Robin Williams is excellent in this role.
He is not an actor with a wide range, but in good roles, he has a great depth.
In this film, as in awakenings, there comes a moment when the calm and shy man accomplishes something of great personal importance, and a smile of pure joy spreads over his eyes.
Williams is the only actor I can name who can make an audience cry just smiling.
I compared the will to a child with a host family and it is not entirely fair.
Emotionally, he has a lot to learn, but he is not a child.
He thought of his life and made rational decisions about what he wants.
Sean, his girlfriend, her friends and tatters help him all grow up, but he did not start asking, or particularly need, help.
His exceptional gift distinguished him and those who love him continued to push him in the right direction.
If I had to say something wrong about Good Will Hunting, it is because he travels the line between the drama and the melodrama.
It is too sentimental and enameling for a straight drama, but the emotions are too subtle for the melodrama.
He is emotionally engaging, but it is not quite bigger than life.
This is not a problem in itself, but sometimes I didn't really know how Take it .
But it is a relatively small complaint regarding a very good film.
A good film allows its characters to learn and grow.
This does not happen; you need a good script, a good game and a good direction.
Good Will Hunting has the three.
If you are inclined to see it, by all means, go.