"Sometimes the" Green Mile "seems so long."
Indeed .
And any filmmaker with a three -hour film that ends him with this jewel of dialogue should expect to see him quoted in a criticism.
On a more positive note, let me add that sometimes the green mile is almost good enough to make us forget its length.
The mile in question (green due to its faned lime linoleum leads from the prison cell to "Old Sparky", the electric chair where executions were carried out at the Cold Mountain penitentiary in Louisiana in 1935.
Paul Edgecomb (Tom Hanks, you have mail) is the chief guardian of E-Block, otherwise known as Death Row.
Keeping his prisoners calm while waiting for the execution of their sentence is his main responsibility.
It is a responsibility that he delegates with capacity to the other guards of his watch by insisting so that they "speak" of the condemned instead of shouting them.
This practice leads to unusual camaraderie between the guards and the men behind their bars.
At his expense, a John Coffey (Michael Clarke Duncan, Armageddon), a gentle giant seven feet high who was found guilty of the rape and murder of two young girls.
Immediately, Paul feels something different in this prisoner.
It may be the way he asked for a night light because he is afraid of darkness.
Or perhaps it is the powers of mystical healing that he demonstrates when he "resumes" the infection of the bladder of Paul the restaurant thus in health.
Based on the serial novel of Steven King in 1996, The Green Mile offers other characters who have stories to tell: Eduard Delacroix (Michael Jet, Patch Adams), is a fragile condemned Cajun who befriends and forms aMouse to make circus tricks; Percy Wetmore (Doug Hutchison, a time to kill), is a young and sadistic goalkeeper sitting on a transfer to a more lucrative position because he has not yet seen a prisoner ""Close; and Hal Moores (James Cromwell, baby: Pig in the City) is the compassion goalkeeper for whom, despite all the executions he witnessed, death has never been as great as when his own wifewas diagnosed with a tumor.
While it is Mr.hanks "Everyman" Performance at the center of the film that gives him anchor to keep our interest for 180 minutes, it is the performance of his support casting that deserve the most.
All involved do credible work in their respective roles, in particular MR.Duncan, which transforms an impressive and fully achieved characterization.
If only the story was more credible.
The writer / director Frank Darabont (the redemption of Shawshank) made a kind of erroneous fantasy / allegory; the one who is more spiritualist than spiritual, relying on a supernatural mysticism rather than an authentic and pious spiritual power.
M. Darabont also considerably survives his hand in manipulating our affection and our association with his characters.
Was it an accidental omission that the first two detainees who traveled the Mile Vert were punished for crimes never disclosed?
By not knowing the reason for the presence of condemned condemned on E-Block, the public never has a sense of justice which is underway, making appearing the cruel and unjustified death penalty.
This is particularly true during the horrible representation of the second execution which was horribly botched.
Many has also been made up of the ability of Coffey Christ to heal, but unlike the many healings that are recorded in the Scriptures, the powers of Coffey are wrapped in mystery, taking the feeling of a circus tower, coupled with a voodoo"I feel" your transfer of pain.
On the other hand, there is no mystery associated with the healing which comes from God.
The real "healing gifts" listed in 1 Corinthians 12 are just one of the nine manifestations of the Holy Spirit and can be exploited by any man or woman educated spiritually in accordance with the knowledge and wisdom of God.
true spiritual healing (With a few exceptions) requires that the committed belief of the healer and that neat.
Such a belief does not come from the secrets wrapped in mysticism, but from the revealed Word of God.