It is with hesitation that I call "Apocalypse now" a masterpiece.
Admittedly, there was pedigree to be one of the greatest films ever made, with a director known to produce masterpieces with ease, and some of the best players in the 1970s.
The intrigue, an adaptation of the "Heart of Darkness" by Joseph Conrad, took place in Vietnam, and the moment of the film was supposed to be brilliant, coming in the heels of the end of the war.
 "Apocalypse" certainly has its moments, some of which are the best in the history of cinema.
The plot is quite simple.
Captain Willard (Sheen), is a soldier in difficulty who returned to Hanoi for a second round of service.
Its mission is simple: take a boat to Cambodian territory and destroy the command of Colonel Kurtz (Brando) from Renegade "with extreme prejudices".
Along the way, Willard comes up against a series of adventures, including one with LT.Col.Kilgore (Duvall), and a strange meeting with Playboy Bunnies.
The crew of four people from Willard finally goes to the compound of Kurtz, where he discovers that Kurtz settled like a god among the natives.
Willard's experiences with Kurtz take the last half hour, with confrontation and a possible end.
The film is breathtaking visually.
The battle scenes are extremely achieved, and the score is brilliant, putting a disturbing mood of darkness which is of the first order.
The bonding of the disturbing images that Coppola presents is sometimes both surprising and disgusting.
The large amount of details paid into each war scene is magnificent, and there are many episodes that are deeply powerful that resonate the whole film.
The trip to the Kurtz camp is quite a walk, with a psychosis that settles on almost all the characters.
The most interesting is Kilgore, the LT.COL. Who cares more about surfing than mission.
It is sometimes revolting, psychotic and incredible, and it is a hell of a film.
The scenes are daring, inventive and powerful, and the game is magnificent, especially be Sheen, Duvall and Fishburne.
The narration is exquisite, just like the mystery of Kurtz.
Coppola takes place on a hallucinatory stroll through Vietnam, a bit like "Saving Private Ryan" on the LSD.
The film is shocking in its implications and psychotic in its execution.
The problems arise when the film slows down.
One of the main scenes in the film, where the boat arrives at the last army control point before starting its Kurtz search, is a colossal mess.
The dialogue is confusing, the lighting is excruciating and the scene hangs for 10 terrible minutes of film.
The real problems occur after the crew enters the compound of Kurtz.
The film slows down to a trail.
Sheen seems forever captured by a madman, played by Brando is a lazy performance that does not deserve the distinctions he has received.
Brando is in the film for no more than 15 minutes, but is bathed in shadows all the time, which makes the last half hour of the film visually pathetic.
The scenes are poorly finished, the dialogue is stifled and all the mess confuses completely beyond all beliefs.
Sheen seems to love this man, but why viewers are never informed.
The entire trip is supposed to be a prelude for an amazing entry of this Kurtz similar to God, but the scenes are not far from expectations.
Admittedly, it has its moments, which are brutally horrible, but the general feeling is that of confusion.
Brando mumbles his lines in an inconsistent stir, and my feeling was that it could never be a great man, it could never be a man who inspires hundreds to follow him, so why do they do it?
There are moments of shine, but visual confusion dilutes the power of the scene.
There are too many unanswered questions with Kurtz's character to have a satisfactory end.
The most beautiful scene at the end is the escape of Sheen and his entry into the temple.
its climb out of the water, with the smoke that comes out of His smooth head is a brilliant 30 seconds of film.
However, you cannot shake the feeling that there is so much more that this film could have made.
The psychotic ride is sometimes unforgettable, and indeed the film overall is very good.
It is an incredibly imperfect expression of the film, because it tackles major problems, such as the mental endurance of man during the episodes of war.
But we still cannot shake the feeling that this film could have so much more powerful, if the character of Kurtz had been more explored and had really succumbed to the spectator for which the spectator thought he was intended.
There are too many good equipment here not to be called a masterpiece, but it could have been so much more rewarding.