The cryptic trailer has been burnt down in movie houses for some time: "It is found that MU5T is found."
So what exactly is the fifth element?
After having seen the ambitious and very broken fantasy of science fiction of Luc Besson, I could not help but be disappointed by the real answer, which is not as exciting or intelligent as one might think.
But what is far from a disappointment is the film as a whole, an extremely imaginative party for the senses that does what all the best science fiction films do - create a universe unlike all the others presented onthe silver screen.
The greatest irony of the fifth element is that the only thing that has been held under such tight wraps - the scenario - is the most conventional, dismaying, an element (word game) of the film.
Speaking in the most vague possible terms, the bases of the plot are as follows: in the year 2259, a great force of evil threatens to consume the earth, and only the four elements - terrestrial, wind, fire andWater - United with a fifth element can stop it.
The composition of all this is the New York Korben Dallas taxi driver (Bruce Willis); a shaded and heartbreaking entrepreneur named Zorg (the Hammy Gary Oldman Hamyant, picking up where he had stopped in the professional ofBesson); a priest (Ian Holm); and a mysterious creature called Leeloo (Milla Jovovich).
All the pieces meet in a tidy and somewhat disappointing fashion - and not surprisingly - but it is undeniable that this basic story has an intrinsic interest.
What remains interesting and exciting, however, after brief sees is the World World that Besson created with the production designer Dan Weil, director of photography Thierry Arbogast, the supervisor of visual effects Mark Stetson and the teamof the digital domain.
The look is absolutely fascinating from the first moments at the last.
The frantic urban landscape of New York, with its vibrant days of day day, the large buildings penetrating high in the clouds, and the swarm of cars, taxis and other flying vehicles across the landscapes, is absolutelyBreathtaking, especially in a wild car sequence at the start of the film.
But that would not have been a completely captivating vision if the people living in the parameters were not just as interesting, and are they ever.
In Addition to the Exotic Menagerie of Alien Creatures that populating this world, from bulky robots to dog-like mangalores, the humans are outfitted in costumes by eccentric designer Jean-Paul Gaulthier, Best Known for Creating Madonna's Pointy Bustof ambition.
The bizarre creations of Gaulthier, like a number worn by Leeloo entirely made from white straps, feel more comfortable in Besson's futuristic vision than on any fashion track in the world; they add to the other's senseworld of film.
Although Besson's daring vision is the greatest virtue of the film, it could also be its greatest obstacle at the end of a mass audience.
For all his imagination, some things about the film can be a little too original and bizarre.
I really don't know what average America will make of the most scandalous character in the film, Ruby Rhod (Chris Tucker), a flamboyant disc jockey that makes Dennis Rodman Conservative - he makes a noisy entrance dressed in a printed dressAnimal, sporting a blonde hairstyle in the shape of a hair dryer, speaking in high cuts at a quick fire speed.
At the beginning, the hyper energy of this character is funny, but the act exhausts his welcome very quickly.
Not irritating, but just as strange, is a musical number of the Extraterrestrial Singer Diva with blue skin (Maiwenn Lebesco), which sings - and dances - an aria which is an improbable mixture of conventional opera and techno.
The melody, as with the entire innovative partition of the longtime Besson employee Eric Serra, is haunting, but it is also completely shocking.
Then there are the Humo Campy keys R Besson and the co-scriptor Robert Mark Kamin sprinkles everywhere, which are too often stupid and forced; a comic sexual meeting between Ruby Rhod and a on-board agent is very distracting and not very funny, to start.
The weakness of history crosses the highest point and the conclusion of the fifth element.
Although they are still visually and spectacular tea, detailed events are not as exciting or powerful as they should.
The big high -top criminal point has encountered more than a few snickers, and it strives ambitious for a depth towards which the film had not even started to work.
As such, in the end, there is a feeling that there was something bigger at work here, that it remained even more to tell about this story and these characters.
This suspicion was confirmed by Besson himself, who told me in the hall after the screening (imagine that the filmmaker watching the film with "the enemy" - the criticisms) that what had done on the screen wasReally the first half of the long scenario of the fifth original element and the second half - entitled Mr.Shadow - is still waiting to be done.
However, despite history problems, the fifth element is an artistic triumph for Luc Besson; the original vision of a filmmaker is rare on the screen in all his daring and not diluted glory.
It is a fascinating example of the way in which an artist's farm imagination can transport an audience in a fantastic world intoxicating generally seen in dreams.