The devotees of Robert A.Heinlein, be warned: the Starship soldiers of Paul Verhoeven are less an adaptation of the novel of Heinlein than a literary satire.
Jingo-all militarism of the author and his tendency to create plastic characters with plastic conflicts were waiting for me to a soul and faceless parade of the film version.
And I guess that is exactly what Verhoeven offers, with sometimes hilarious results.
Heinlein's basic patterns are so faithfully returned that their faults become a source of fun, while their forces become the fabric of high energy entertainment.
Describing the intrigue of Starship Troopers is a fairly stupid company, because it is essentially a big hunt for insects ... Aliens in broad daylight.
In the future, humanity is threatened by giant and malicious insects that have evolved into figures of action twenty feet high (arachnids with super imp -importers, beetles that spit lava, dragonfly in the legs ofguillotine).
Among those who register to save the earth, there is a group of classmates of the secondary class in Buenos Aires: Kid Rich in conflict Johnny Rico (Casper van Dien); his mathematical girlfriend Carmen (Denise Richards); Dizzy (Dina Meyer), who secretly carries a torch for Johnny; and Carl (Neil Patrick "Doogie Howser" Harris), who does not secretly wear a torch for Dizzy, and also has a talent to speak telepathic to the ferrets.
While Carmen heads for the piloting school and Carl joins the military information, Johnny and Dizzy become mobile infantries, their various intertwined battles with romantic sub -intrigues of a third season episode of "Beverly Hills 90210".
So, if Starship Troopers is another film where one -dimensional characters travel banal situations on their way to kill a lot of foreigners, which makes independence, say, a film where one -dimensional characters have traveled situationsTrrites Sur leur how to kill a lot of slightly different foreigners?
On the one hand, you feel that filmmakers are aware of the nonsense of the pulp they have as source material.
The very absence of main stars in the casting feels thematically appropriate, not just taxually cautious.
If Starship Troopers had been transformed into a television film, Aaron Spelling would have produced it.
It is a story that requires emotion, and non-acting; it is a soap opera at great listening hours with big canons, played for all the melodrama Dopey that is worth.
The nameless cast also plays in the treatment with Verhoeven of the most controversial vanity in Heinlein.
In this society, we learn, one can only be a full citizen after having finished a kind of federal service, mostly military.
Verhoeven pays the idea of many lip services, then proceeds to the library with announcements to recruit brilliant simulations (named after the series "Why We Fight" of the era of the Second World War) in which youngare indoctrinated in the joys of firearms, or pleasures of the cockroaches.
These characters are really only "fresh meat for the crusher", as a character says, which makes their lack of familiarity all the more appropriate.
It is not that Starship Troopers is anti-military, because it never treats the true horror of war as something other than a great violent video game.
In fact, the characters live propaganda (especially Johnny, who receives so many promotions on the field that they may not remember his own rank at the end of the film).
Verhoeven actually has the two directions-he laughs at the Gung-Ho boostems while he pulls his recruits with a fresh face in a Gung-Ho booster rocket from visual effects.
If it makes Starship Troopers' hypocritical, at least it is hypocrisy with enthusiasm.
There may not be a person who deserves to be concerned in the whole film, but she evolves as if nobody.
Verhoeven stages certain fascinating action sequences, sending swarms of bugs after the anonymous grunts which then have various parts of the scattered body E screen like landscaping.
It is this blockbuster of rare special effects which demonstrates a feeling of rhythm to correspond to its budget; I was taken sufficiently in the action of time so that I did not moan perpetually on the absence of real human beings.
I would like to be able to find in myself to develop more indignation at the way humans are sent to the soldiers of Starship, but that did not work in this way.
This would punish Verhoeven to have reached the heart of his equipment.