The series of children's books by Mary Norton, The Borrowers, has been transformed into several TV movies lower than the average.
So, I was not too enthusiastic when I entered the theater for the beginnings on the big screen of the minute clan.
But I was for a shock, borrowers are actually a very delicious film with a lot of good laughs and even decent special effects.
The loans family is thrown out of their longtime house.
Their aunt, who owned the property, never left a will.
Now, an unscrupulous lawyer, Ocious Potter (John Goodman) plans to demolish the house and replace it with a development of ultra-modern housing.
But lenders are not alone in their house.
Living under the floor is a family of borrowers 4 inch high who earn their lives as scavengers of human "beans" above.
The borrower clock family is as distressing as lenders, especially once they discover the Potter Evil actually has a copy of the will that leaves the house to lenders.
It therefore belongs to the clocks (Pod (Jim Broadbent) and Homélie (Celia Imrie), as well as their children, Arrietty (Flora Newbigin) and Peagreen (Tom Felton)) to recover the will and save the household.
But when Potter learns the tiny, he enters the skills of the exterminator Jeff (Mark Williams) to kill the clan.
There is a lot of attention to details among borrowers, especially in the furniture of the clock family house, made from lost board playing parts and credit cards.
The background details are almost as rich as the entertaining history.
The various prediments of the clock family are intelligent and exciting.
Based on an original story, the writers have done a good job to imagine all the potential and unusual dangers that could exist for a person 4 inches high.
As a bad guy, John Goodman's performance turns to be exaggerated.
But its performance is well suited to the role, and it does very well in the many moments of film slapstick.
With an almost transparent mixture of oversized sets, Blascreen and CGI strokes, the special effects of borrowers are very well done.
There are few times when you can spot the effects at work, but none of them is so shocking that you lose the suspension of disbelief.
Hopefully the borrowers will exceed the curse of being labeled a film reserved for children because it is surprisingly entertaining and fun to watch.