This is a state film adapted from the Rueff play "Hospitality Suite"
About three itinerant sellers who attend an industrial convention, of which the Chicago company sent them to Wichita, where the company paid all their expenses so that they praise a series of reception on the 16th floor of the hotel, where theyaim to mark a substantial account from Dele Big Kahuna, someone named Dick Fuller, who is the head of a large industrial company.
He is someone whom they have never met before, but they want to sell him industrial lubricants and they desperately want to land this new account, it is their only reason to come to the Convention.
 "The Big Kahuna" revels in the sellers among the three white Christian men, two of them, Larry (Spacey) and Phil (Devito), who are vendors veterans, having been associated in the past twelve years, whileThat Bob (Facinelli) is a young man who has recently been hired by the company and works in the research department.
These three are practically imprisoned in their little hotel suite which is waiting to meet the Big Kahuna, because this claustrophobic film focuses on their interactions in the hotel suite.
The three sellers have different things in their minds that disturb them and a different attitude towards their work, and they undergo each of the internal changes which deeply modify their lives.
The exceptional cast tries to understand in their own way what they do and why.
What is in question are their opinions on life and death, on God and morality, and on the way they earn their lives.
These are difficult questions and the truth seems to be somewhere in their sales argument.
Their dialogue is acerbic, spirit and analytical.
Follow in the long tradition of selling films - of the death of a seller, The Tin Men and Glengarry Glen Ross, while this film tries to get you to see what is about the sale that makes thesemen are raised.
In this case, he won the Big Kahuna.
They each try to see why he is at the top and why they pursue him.
What makes this film different from the others is its blatant religious message, comparing the Orthodox religion to what they do, because the two must sell their product.
And how after everyone's psyche is cleaned by the other, there is a break and a lesson on life has flowed which is relevant for everyone.
The objective of the film is not literally won the Big Kahuna, but by discovering what goods invoice they sold themselves who made them sellers.
Larry and Phil have a way of doing things and have no qualms about incorporating an argument for sale as part of their lives.
Bob thinks he is above the fray and he presents each opportunity that he can make himself believe in Jesus Christ.
His empty character and his sufficient point of view on life are covered by a disarming smile and an eagerness for him to prove in his actions the words of Jesus in which he literally believes.
Bob is a Baptist, who adopts a very interrogation and literal attitude towards religion.
Just look at another woman and covet she is a sin, depending on how he reads the Bible.
When asked by Larry why he married his wife, he seems perplexed and cannot even say because he loves him, only this marriage is something sacred for him.
The contrast of their personalities is austere.
Larry is entirely business, he simply wants to conclude the sale.
He enters the Pompey room for the Convention, using his mode of attack to establish how serious it is to be a seller.
He criticizes Phil to be so placid, for having obtained such a small suite, to have the cheap food set of carrot sticks rather than that of stuffed shrimps, and for having been burned.
He tells her to go on vacation.
Get a woman.
While Phil reflects on where all his best years have disappeared and envisages a career change, now that he is 52 years old and painfully divorces his wife, after having lived too lonely A life on the road for too long.
He now finds himself suffering from disturbing dreams and questioning how he believes.
He has always been a charmer, shaking up everyone, trying to please his customers while trying to make the sale.
Larry is more aggressive as a seller, he is still a heart attack far from each major sale.
On the other hand, Bob has only twenty and everything seems fresh.
This is his first time for him on the road.
When Dick Fuller does not arrive at the party that the sellers launch, Larry becomes conflictual and asks Phil if he spoke to the man himself of the rally.
When he was told that he had spoken to the secretary, Larry launched a crisis of anger and resigned to return to their home office without the new account.
But when they begin to speak to Bob, which they forced to act as a bartender, they are surprised to learn that Fuller came but bore the name of another man and that Bob spent the whole evening atConsole the magnate on his recently deceased dog and after talking to him about Jesus.
Bob then talks to the boys of a private party Fuller attending later and that he invited Bob to attend.
Larry and Phil cannot understand how Bob has not made a sale argument.
But they soon take another tact and decide to prepare Bob on how to attract the attention of Fuller to the product of their business when they sent him to meet Fuller, and will wait for his return to the room ofhotel.
These two sharp sellers are reduced to waiting for this sufficient child to come back and tells them that he saved their ass.
The irony of their situation takes place in the darkness of the hotel room, while they are standing late in the night trying to give meaning to their lives.
These three artists were exceptional, each understanding of their role, each coming with a wonderful performance.
The only problem with the film is that it is more a play than a cinematographic experience.
But the insightful dialogue and the refreshing dramatic, give it an intelligent sale argument and make it a good product to see.