I don't lead with children's gloves.
I don't play well, I'm not a nice guy, and I'm never going, never easy on a film.
I consider that it is a cylinder head of a kind of code of ethics for a film critic.
However, I make favors, and these often come in the form of points that I give to certain groups due to artistic bravery.
Rigormortis, the production company which was my first example of how money does not need to motivate cinema, obtains several of these points each time.
I'm not going to go easily with them yet.
They recently sent me a VHS copy of The Down With America Trilogy (which begins, quite spiritually, with a warning that they do not try to undermine America with the production of this film.) And I decidedto spend an hour from my day to Viewril.
In the famous lines of many martyrs, I have no regrets.
Well, I have some regrets, but that's not the point of the previous sentence.
The goal was that Down With America was a film which, from a critical point of view, did not completely disappoint me.
Of course, the risky use of VHS instead of super 8 mm or 16 mm was pain, and natural light was one of the most boring things about public access films, but the film itselfwas quite pleasant.
Down With America concerns a government agent, unnecessary murder and a book containing everything, from the unabomber manifesto to the 1995 Apple computer.
Like the previous films of Rigormortis that I examined, he displays a humor and an intelligence outside the kilos? He managed to make me laugh where countless studio films fail.
The best way to see this film would be a parody of the countless conspiracy films in which we have been drowned since the paranoia of the 80s.
A dying movement since the day they started, these paranoid "thrillers" have always covered something and had the same favorite word: `Roswell. '
In Down With America, the "Roswell" line is very absent.
With an operating time of ten minutes, America with America does it effortlessly bypass each cliché? The fact that conspiracy films have fallen, makes jokes at the same time and offers us funny charactersand memorable.
Again, I saw films that lasted two hours with characters I don't care.
The film, as indicated above, concerns a federal agent (Peter Roach), an obsessed librarian (Meri Stevens), a mystery man (Joe Kaczkowski) and two people obsessed with silence in the library (Robb Sherman, Kevin Flowers).
The intrigue: a book containing the secrets of all anarchists is hidden? A public library where it can be consulted by all.
From there, we enter a delicious parody.
The federal agent claims his sovereign right to modify the truth, the librarian makes a diatriber on the sacred nature of the books.
We spend our time laughing at fairly stupid jokes which are too well done given the lack of distribution coaching.
Although actors and actresses are in small roles and give a whole new meaning to "non-name", he ends up being the nameless people who do a good job, offering better performances as comical villains than theHalf of the shit that Hollywood turns.
For once, I have no url that I know derogatory to give you where to locate the film online.
I can only say that you should find my previous criticisms on the car and X-Files and search for the Rigormortis productions site in itself.
It's almost as fun as the film.