This film was one of the first American films made by director Paul Verhoeven.
He has made films since then, such as Basic Instict and Starship Troopers.
All his films have a main thing in common - they do not skimp on violence.
In a Verhoeven film, a guy is not shot once in the chest - he gets shot several times all over the body.
Robocop takes place in Detroit in the future.
Things are quite dark.
The OCP company governs the city with an iron fist and moves into the management of the police forces.
Peter Weller plays a cop who goes on a mission with his partner, Nancy Allen.
Peter Weller goes alone in an empty room and is killed.
Meanwhile, OCP has a failed demonstration of a robot crime fighter ED-209 model.
Someone has the idea of having a Robocop cyborg so that he uses all the pieces that deserve scal -ir of Peter Weller and make him the robocop that the film is titled after.
The intrigue of this film generally works at a decent rate.
He drags a little towards the end with Robocop wanting to finish everyone, but the twists of the plot keep him exciting.
The game is bad from Weller when it is human, but very good when it is Robocop.
Nancy Allen does a decent job.
This film is not exactly open for a suite.
But they made one anyway.
enter ...
Robocop 2 with: Peter Weller and Nancy Allen produced by: Irvin Kershner
Detroit is in a darker state than in the first film.
OCP is trying to develop an improved "Robocop 2" which will be more than a match for criminals.
Most of the police are on strike due to the OCP which withdraws it, letting Robocop be the city's police.
This film is quite bizarre.
He has a 13 -year -old drug that curses as much as Eddie Murphy, even more violence than the original, and a little more humor.
The intrigue of this film is quite large, almost too much.
There are three or four lines of plots that are not really equal.
The effects are still decent.
This sequel is no more the same thing, just a darker Robocop version dealing with more drugs than armed criminals.
If you liked the first, look at this.
But be disappointed.
So later comes ...
Robocop 3 with Nancy Allen and Robert John Burke
OCP now belongs to a large Japanese company.
Robocop joins a bunch of rebels to counterattack the evil empire, I mean OCP.
The Japanese send a cyborg-ninja to deal with Robocop.
Among others ...
This film is easier to follow than the last.
This means that the plot is not as crowded.
However, this film is nothing special.
Just more robocop exploding things more suited to children.
Really not recommended.