Mike Myers, you have certainly threw us a? Frickin 'bone here in what you call? The biggest adventure of Austin Powers to date.'
Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me is the continuation of the comedy Smash 1997 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery.
Many are skeptical about the consequences, saying that the rest is never better or as good than the original, but Austin Powers: Tswsm goes beyond the first film.
Austin Powers: The spy that broke me features Mike Myers in three different roles.
He resumed his role as main character, Austin Powers, the Shagadelic spy whose body was frozen in 1967, and not to derogate in 1997 to stop his long time in Names Dr. Evil, also played by Mike Myers, to destroy theearth.
Tswsm goes where the original stopped, with Dr.Mal? Spatial capsule of the big boy of Frisch floating in space.
Dr. Evil returns to Earth by ejecting his capsule, plotting to return to his 1967 time machine, in which he plans to steal the "mojo" of Austin Powers, which means that Austin goes with talents'spying.
When he returns to his secret lair, which is now a Starbucks coffee, Dr. the bad learning that his man of the hands of evil, who understands the return Robert Wagner as number 2 and Mindy Sterling like Frau, created a clone ofSize 1/8 of Dr. Evil, which is later called mini me.
The mini bad replaces me Scott Evil, played by Seth Green, as Dr.The son of evil in the spirit of the madman, because Dr. Evil thinks that Scott is only "almost-Massacre".
Dr. the evil always wanted a son who is bad like him, and now he has one.
Dr. Evil says Mini me, "you complete me" in a love way.
Dr. Load Maleficent?
Wow !
The third role of Mike Myers is the pregnancy stick, an Scottish henchman from Dr. Evil's, who is sent to steal the mojo of the frozen body of Austin Powers.
Austin Powers learns Dr.The voyage de Evil is back in the 60s and used his own time to bring him back to 1967, to try to save his mojo before Fat Bastard obtains it.
Once in 1967, Austin went to his "Pad", his house club / dance Smashing, where he met Felicity Shagwell, played by Heather Graham, a CIA agent who is ready to help him in his trip toStop Dr.Mal.
As the film progresses, hilarious coverings are thrown to us, mainly by Dr. the bad, for example, "don't go, girlfriend!"
to the President of the United States.
Many full -minded gags take place, note the whole scene of the tent and simply funny scenes which are so stupid - they are funny a dozen for fifteen minutes.
Take for example, Scott Evil in progress on the show by Jerry Springer complaining about the way his father is bad.
The way Austin Powers: Tswsm uses his humor is intelligent, throwing you a hilarious scene, followed by five minutes of dining, followed by another scandalous scene, so you never stop laughing.
Honestly, there was not a moment at Austin Powers: Tswsm where I did not laugh.
The last film in which I laughed so hard was good, Austin Powers!
It is obvious that Mike Myers knew how funny this film was writing it.
The film even makes fun of itself in a line, something in the sense of "it's funny how England and Southern California are nothing alike."
TSWSM was filmed in southern California, but it was supposed to take place in England.
I can tell you one thing - he has a lot of fun with this extremely popular character, who is everywhere on television, newspapers, magazines and cinemas.
I believe that Dr. the bad attracted more attention to the TSWSM than Austin Powers.
Dr.The Mal gave more laughs, more memorable moments and a more interesting dialogue that Austin made this time, which seems to miss the funny touch he had in the first film.
I felt that Austin had really removed his mojo, but from the writer of scenario Mike Myers, no big bastard.
Mini also gives me an excellent addition to the series, which is played by Verne Troyer.
Even if actor Midget is 30 years old, he is adorable by Dr. The side of evil constantly.
The first film by Austin Powers had almost no sentimental quality, such as the lack of development of the characters, almost all the detailed characteristics of the plot, and barely a good game, but Austin Powers Tswsm shows in fact a certain qualityBehind the frequent humor.
Mike Myers, with her three roles, acts like Eddie Murphy in the Netslette teacher, completely disguising himself in one of the roles.
 (Fat Bastard) The three characters are different, and Mike Myers does a good job by manipulating each of them.
Heather Graham made an excellent addition with his talent to Tswsm, and does a much better work than Elizabeth Hurley, who gave a very flat performance in the original, speaking his lines without any feeling or emotion.
Speaking of Hurley, she can be seen in Tswsm for a few short moments.
Hopefully Graham accompanies the future adventures of Austin Powers.
The essential - a Groovy sequel that Mike Myers put all his Mojo in writing.