Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
The return of James Toback to the staging after an eight -year layout, two girls and a guy, is a film that is composed, more or less, of that: a guy, Blake (Robert Downey Jr.);Two girls, Carla (Heather Graham) and Lou (Natasha Gregson Wagner); a main setting (absurdly spacious baccalaureate apartment in Blake) and a lot of dialogue.
Embracing an almost real -time approach, it is a highly theatrical characteristic that climbs completely to the performances of its three actors and the quality of the dialogue written by Mr.Toback for its joke characters.
Fortunately, the distribution of the film is up to the challenge, and the verbose exchanges between the character triad, although certainly variable, are sometimes dissatisfied.
The configuration of the film is quite generic in nature and opens in a fairly without procedure.
We meet Carla Blonde Auto-posédédédé and Brunette Lou Fougueuse, both waiting for a Soho loft.
As they engage in an inactive chatter, it is revealed that they are both waiting for their respective little friends to return from the airport, and they don't need long to realize that they are twochances by the same guy.
More indignant with him than Catty with each other, the duo enters the attic of Blake and awaits his arrival for a confrontation.
It is when Blake returns to his home where the film strikes his stride.
Played with a magnificent bomb by Mr. Downey Jr., Blake is a CAD, well, but a dynamic, blatant and stealthy work that bursts on the stage and raises the issues to new peaks.
It's fascinating to look at this character in his natural habitat, and perhaps the best choice of the film was to make her two friends hide on his return, allowing us to dimension Blake not with his interactions with theothers, but by his own innate behavior.
Whether flamboyant behind his piano in an interpretation of Vivaldi, or on the phone, leaving messages to his beloved (Carla, Lou and her invisible sickly mother), it is never less than entertaining and insightful.
Although this stage, I almost hoped that the film would turn into an individual show - a typical afternoon of Blake's life, if you want - Carla, then Lou, reveal themselves, and the sparks are starting to steal.
 (One of the big touches of the film is the way Blake, when he is surprised by Carla's unexpected appearance, begins both verbally and physically Backpedal before he even realizes the cat came out of thebag.)
Double team by naturally despised women (who are more curious than fiercely avenging - they want a justification for his current hypocrisy), an increasingly massive blake defends weakly with apologies and even self -just against theirVerbal jabs.
Surprisingly lovely in the waltz of scathing spiritual jokes shared by his trio of characters, two girls and a guy conclude his first sequence with an unexpected apoplectic act of an audacity so scandalous that nothing was out of limits for this film.
However, it would be impractical to try to launch the indignation of Carla and Lou into a feature film, and it is then that the film gradually turns into sharing of exploratory depths on the nature of fidelity and the relationships it starts slowlyBut surely to untangle.
The dialogue becomes less and less engaging and intelligent, the tempo of the film loses its liveliness, the dynamics between the characters evolve in an unconvincing way, and several sequences fall flat.
Subtile allusions and not all to subtle are made (a poster of Jules and Jim is hung on a good place on the wall), and secrets reveal themselves which barid the film to an unshakeable crying final.
A key turning point in the film is the naughty sex scene between Blake and Carla.
two girls and A guy has been involved in a bitter and long -standing dispute with the MPAA with regard to this scene - obliged by contractually to deliver a film side R, MR.TOBACK was forced to submit the versions to the scale ofFourteen versions of the torrid interlude before the MPAA withdraws its NC -17 note in favor of an R - and, while tickling, the net effect of the sticker on the thematic story of the film is rather doubtful.
If anything, two girls and a guy serves as a showcase for the phenomenal talents of Mr.Downey Jr., whose versatility is put to the test of this film.
It plays the range of the indignant to humiliation, from self -guaranteed to be disconcerted, but its actor gears move so well that not to be recorded.
It is a wonderful performance in a tailor -made role for him; M.Toback wrote the script in four days shortly after Mr. Downey Jr.a was arrested for drug charges, and it is difficult not to seeEchoes of reality to infiltrate his character - in a monologue to his mirror reflection, Blake's self -chiition to "gather [his] shit" is worrying in his resonance.
While Mr. Downey Jr.The performance of the watch is undoubtedly the main strength of the film, the two actresses are solid in more widely observed roles.
MS .Graham quickly becomes one of the most daring actresses in America, getting involved in three successive risky projects - two girls and a guy and nights in Boogie are both quite frankly sexually, while Lost in Space has aScript written by Akiva Goldsman.
She is quite attractive here, playing both a character that is both delicate and sensual.
Meanwhile, MS.Gregson Wagner initially portrays Lou with a cum so unjustified that the public is likely to find him boring or, like me, endearing.
She tones it considerably as the film progresses, but I found it more fun to look like the artificially excitable chatterbox.
The film would have been shot in eleven days, filmed mainly in sequence, and the artifacts which result from this rapid filming are obvious throughout.
Two girls and a guy have a kind of agile and spontaneous sensation, and we feel that Mr.Toback has encouraged a lot of improvisation of his three actors.
Although the film can be transposed directly to the more or less intact scene, it does not seem restricted; the vast apartment establishment is well used to vary the background, and MR.TOBACK allows its cameraWalk and dwell on his characters effectively.
Two girls and a guy are not below his potential, but thanks to a stellar work by Mr.Downey Jr., it is still often a pleasant and biting game funny, especially since we look at the surprisingly resilient BlakeWith developmentalization of rationalizing your behavior and even turning the tables of your friends.
 "I am an actor," he said at some point, using the defense of proven professional life.
 "The actors lie."
But not, they all seem to agree, Denzel Washington.