I want to correct what I wrote last year in my retrospective of the war image of David Lean.
I still think that "The Bridge on the River Kwai" does not deserve to be the number 13 on the list of the American Film Institute of the 100 biggest American films.
And I think that "12 angry men", "witness for the accusation" and "paths of glory" would have been of better choices for the Oscar for the best film of 1957.
But I cannot deny the importance of "The Bridge on the River Kwai" - cinematographically and in its content.
The film takes place in Burma in 1943.
A battalion of British soldiers in captivity of the Japanese war is forced by the Japanese to build a strategically important rail bridge over the Kwai river.
But the British commander, Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness), insists - corresponding to the Conventions of Geneva - that his officers do not need to work as simple workers.
Hurry up hard, Col.nicholson forces the Japanese commander, Col.Saito (Sessue Hayakawa), to give in in this regard.
Then Col.nicholson is assiduously committed to the construction of the bridge.
He considers that it is an opportunity to raise the morale of his men, and he wants to prove British capacities superior to the Japanese.
But the British high command sends some soldiers who will destroy the bridge, including American shears (William Holden) - an escape from the Japanese prison camp - and the British major (Jack Hawkins) ...
A defect in the image is the cliché of characterization of the Japanese people.
They are presented as if they were intellectually lower than the British - as if the Japanese were unable to build a bridge.
And the film does not constantly question the military spirit as Kubrick does in "Paths of Glory".
Lean seems rather fascinated by military hierarchies.
This is also noticeable in conversations between Col.nicholson and Col.Saito.
In this regard, it is symptomatic that shears, which doubt military logic, are presented as an unpleasant person.
The public is supposed to applaud col. The perseverance of Nicholson concerning the question whether or not his officers work on the bridge.
Spectators are supposed to neglect the risks col.nicholson takes for his men.
 (The intrigue bypasses these risks.)
This means that the image is not perfect.
But it also has a lot of virtues.
 "The bridge over the Kwai river" shows the "madness" of war and what it can produce in the minds of people.
This shows how Colonel Nicholson becomes possessed by the idea of being a hero and that others (like shears) get cynics.
And Lean's film is an interesting study by characters with confronted interests.
These points and the sometimes ironic dialogue make this film an anti-war film (despite the inconsistencies in the treatment of this theme).
David Lean’s management is really effective and perfect atmospheric.
His film is very suspended, especially in his dramatic confrontation (if not entirely plausible).
The film is also well photographed and has an appropriate score.
Alec Guinness does a magnificent job to bring the Col.nicholson to life and by making such an interesting character.
The other players also offer great performances.
I like this extraordinary film despite its weaknesses.
 (c) Karl Rackwitz (Klein K? Ris, Germany, 1999)