After sixteen years, Francis Ford Copolla returned to his favorite project again, making the third episode in the Trilogy Sponsor.
This new film was underestimated for no reason.
He is as intellectual and majestically made that the permeable films of Copolla.
He is also more psychological, pessimistic and more tragic than the first two.
The only regret is the unconvincing performance of the newcomer Sofia Copolla and the "unfinished" developments of certain characters.
The film begins elegantly with the recognizable musical score of Nino Rota, the beautiful skyscrapers of the voice of New York and Michael as he writes a letter to his children: "The only wealth in this world is children.
More than all money and power on earth, you are my treasure ".
The year is 1979 and Michael Corleone has used time since the end of "part II" to realize his father's dream - which makes the Corleone family legitimate.
Michael sold all his casinos and only invests in the game.
Constantly haunted in the past, his only reason for living is her children.
The family has raised an unimaginable wealth, and as the film opens Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) invested with a great honor of the Church.
Later in the day, during a reception, his daughter announces a gift from the Corleone family to the church and the charitable organizations of Sicily, "a check in the amount of $ 100 million".
But the corleones are about to find, as others have throughout history, that you cannot buy forgiveness.
Of course, you can do business with evil men inside the church, because all men are fallible and capable of sin.
But God does not take any gains.
The intrigue of the film, concocted by Coppola and Mario Puzo in a scenario inspired by the headlines, brings the Corleone family to the interior circles of corruption to the Vatican.
There is a moment in "Godfather III" where Michael said: "All my life, I tried to get into society, where everything was legal.
But the higher I go, the higher it becomes .. "
 .
Visually, this film is as spectacular as the first two.
The rich cinematography of Gordon Willis, the beautiful composition of Carmine Copolla and the wonderful artistic direction of Alex Tavoularis could not be better.
But the first two sponsor films of Copolla were more famous for their deep intellectual plots, their dimensional characters of trees and their incredible game than for their visual perfection.
The third episode has only the plot and the visuals.
Some characters could be much more developed and the game, although good, never accomplished to reach the same height of the first two films.
The greatest bad crayy is Sofia Copolla, who is so unconvincing and without emotion that she manages to ruin several scenes throughout the film, which could have been greater and more emotional.
The best performance comes unsurprisingly from Al Pacino, who should have obtained an appointment for the best actor in the Oscars.
Andy Garcia is powerful as Sonny's son, strong, concentrated and loyal.
Violence is natural to him.
He does not suffer from conscience when he takes revenge in the name of his family, and in this, he is supposed to be strong in the simple way, Don Vito Corleone was.
However, Kay (Diane Keaton) and Connie (Shire Talia) are useless.
And characters like Vito Corleone and Tom Hagen are really missed.
The good part is that Michael finds old friends again, of which you remember the first and second films.
In the third film, Michael became almost like his father, Vito in the first film and Vincenzo looks like Michael when he was much younger.
This parallel could be more interesting if the character of Vincenzo was more developed.
Many have stressed that making the third film was not necessary.
I do not agree .
It is a beautiful film of great importance, completing the tragic saga of the Corleone family.
The first film showed horrible results in Corleone's life.
He showed that Michael was making a choice; the second The OND showed a man who was granted his choices and felt the impact of the evolution of time.
A man desperately trying to keep his balance, his concentration, his family and his mental health, while everything crashes all around him.
The third film is a terrifying conclusion - the result of Michael's life.
The life he has chosen for him is like moving sand - a bad step and you are condemned.
There is no going back.
And no matter how much you try to get out of it, to free yourself, no matter how powerful and rich, you are helpless - by flowing more and more deep until it swallows you completely.
The last magnificently directed sequence is also the powerful highlight of the film, when Michael sits alone on his chair, left by everyone, surrounded by emptiness and memories of his friends and family members for a long time.
Here, he dies - alone, miserable and printed