[Note that the follow -ups are directed to Rec.Arts.Films .vilms in progress and rec. arts.films .Star trek.
Only, not for Rec.Arts.sf.films.
-moderator]
Star Trek: First contact a film review of Michael Dequina Copyright 1996 Michael Dequina
Star Trek: First Contact (PG-13) Anyone familiar with the Star Trek film series knows that the "Pèlepas model so good.
The model continues with the new Star Trek: First Contact, an energetic science fiction adventure which (by coincidence?) Is the eighth entry into the extremely popular series.
In this first TREK functionality to present only the members of the distribution of the late Star Trek: the next generation television series, Captain Jean -Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) and the rest of the 24th century crew of the Starship Enterprise -Commander Will Riker (Jonathan Frakes, who also produced), Android LT.CMDR.
Data (Brent Spiner), LT.CMDR.
Geordi Laforge (Levar Burton), LT.CMDR.
Worf (Michael Dorn), Dr.beverly Crusher (Gates McFadden), and advisor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis) - Back to the land of the 21st century while fighting with Borg, a breed of cybernetic beings that share a spiritCollective with Queen Borg (Alice Krige).
Borg intention to change history and assimilate all humanity into their race - entering the Enterprise terrestrial orbit crew and a brilliant rank from the 21st century (Alfre Woodard).
It is an interesting intrigue that is sure to build hikers everywhere and to hire everyone, but, unfortunately, it only constitutes the half of Star Trek of the script of Brannon Braga and Ronald D. Moore.
The other half of the title - first contact - reflects a secondary intrigue which takes place on the earth of the 21st century, where Riker, Troi and Laforge are the legendary scientist Zephram Cochran (James Cromwell), who is about to get intoThe firstFlight of war speed in human history, which directly leads to the first contact with the extraterrestrials.
Although this story is linked to the main plot and bears fruit in an interesting way at the end, it is far from being involved or exciting that Borg's fights on the company.
Not helping things is the character of a tedious Cochran, an eccentric whose drunk learned starts funny but becomes too much to a note after a while.
In the end, however, the first contact sub -intrigue does not harm the enjoyment of the film as a whole.
History is a typical science fiction fantasy, but the conviction of distribution - the most in particular the Stewomenal Stewart always phenomenal - which you believe and you worry.
Frakes, making his director's debut, maintains the action by quickly rolling and delivers action goods, even increasing violence a notch (this is the first film of trek to endure a PG-13 note) to more thaneffect.
ST: FC has a larger budget than the last outing of the trek, the intermediate generations Star Trek, and it is definitively seen on the screen - the design of production and in particular the visual and makeup effects are exceptional (in particularThose who involve Queen Borg).
The script of Braga and Moore, mostly sharp, will appeal to both hiking and others; the references to the script of Borg in the television series, continuity with the previous film (for example G.
The current saga of the Data emotional chip) and a Star Trek crossover: ephemeral travel will make the hikers scream with pleasure, but such points are easily accessible to those who are less familiar to the mythos of Trek.
Paramount would have been worried about the power of its Trek franchise with the next generation casting now bearing the bar.
Based on entertaining success that is Star Trek: First Contact, I would say that the studio has nothing to fear (at least not before this distribution retires and that the crew of the Wan Star Trek: Deep Space Ninetake over ...).