I remember having a pact, just after `` Adams patch ', so as not to be easily sucked by films that flow from sentimentality.
But damn, "the music of the heart" is just superimposed with well-being material and brilliant characterizations.
It is difficult not to like a film that uses such a skill with its manipulation.
In addition, it is also a great family film.
This is the true story of violin professor Roberta Guaspari, who fought the school board to keep the musical program active in a handful of Harlem schools in the city center.
He could also be described as "Mrs."
Streep's opus'.
Yes, Meryl Streep brings her dramatic influence to the demanding role of Guaspari, and this brings both good news and bad.
Outside the door, perhaps because of its distracting star power and precipitated writing, it is relatively difficult to identify with the character of Roberta and to grasp its academic point of view.
She is very strict with her students, but what insight does that create in history?
Slowly but surely, we are starting to recognize the character's intentions and to show admiration for reflection and human feeling that Streep has again applied.
A completely interesting fact on "music of the heart" lies in the unlikely presence in the director's chair: the veteran of the horror Wes Craven.
After having left an impression with the films "Scream" and the "Nightmare on Elm Street" original, Craven tried a precarious crossing at the theater.
At the beginning, his inexperience with the genre is quite obvious, but as the film progresses, Craven finds an surprisingly comfortable niche with the production of this material.
He does not carry the comforting courage of "MR.
The Opus of Holland ', but "music of the heart" is ensured and filled with small pieces of dramatic truth.
The Tag Streep and Craven team works better than you think.
Yes, Oscar could come and call again for Meryl Streep, but it's the solid casting that does "music of the heart" work.
Angela Bassett displays her usual energetic endurance as Janet Williams, the director of a downtown school who initially hires Roberta because of her lack of experience.
Adian Quinn with blue eyes is endearing, as always, plays a new romantic interest.
Gloria Estefan also delivers in the small role of a second -year support teacher, and the three main actresses together produce a flamboyant fireball ball.
It is like a version of a teacher from the school of "Thelma and Louise", in a sober but effective way.
The film addresses more problems than the teaching of the violin by Guaspari.
There are powerful moments between Roberta and her two sons, who have to face when their father leaves them for another woman.
In its dramatic accumulation, the film manages to produce authentic moments of feeling and warmth.
It is a good film to see for anyone, although missing the experience would not be a decision that changes life.
It is commendable from Wes Craven to try such a difficult crossing, and also to achieve its complex objective.
Look at this sincere chick on morality and musical instruments, who can ask you: it is the guy who directed "Scream"?
Of course, when the third episode of this series arrives in February 2000 (with the Craven staging), you can wonder: it is the guy who directed "music of the heart"?
Mission accomplished, Wes.
Fortunately, there is no layer of artificial feeling covering the film.
In its entirety, it is a healthy and pleasant film for the whole family, despite the periodic faults that surface from time to time.
The children actors are cute and powerful on peer, even if some of their problems are shot? D and predictable to the extreme.
The mother who does not want her son to learn "white man music", unexpected injury ...
Basically, everything is there.
He does not strike the perfect agreement, but "music o F The heart "is very convincing.
The true edifying story of Roberta Guaspari could have been better said, but "music of the heart" is always enough edifying to properly disclose its morality.