The horrible horrible audacity of the Nazi plan to exterminate the Jews of Europe is almost incomprehensible.
People can make documentaries on this subject for another hundreds of years and still do not understand organized and methodical hatred.
Five survivors of the concentration camp of the last days of the Second World War tell their stories in the last days, the first documentary of Steven Spielberg Survivors of the Holocaust Visual History Foundation.
The five people interviewed are linked by their Hungarian ancestry.
As the introduction explains, even though Germany began to lose war, the Nazis intensified their extermination of Jews in Europe.
In 1944, Hungary had the last large population of Jews at hand, and they became the last target of Hitler's "final solution".
Each of the five tells its story.
Their stories are chronologically interspersed, from normal life in pre-war Hungary.
They remember the Nazi invasion of Hungary, sent to "work" camps and their awareness that they were in fact in the death camps.
They remember their horrible and precarious life in Auschwitz and Buchenwald; the death of their family and their friends; their loss of hope.
Everyone remembers their unfathomable and possible release.
And finally, the last days show their cathartic, painful and modern return in their old houses and the camps.
Needless to say, their stories are horrible, amazing and emotionally exhausting.
In themselves, the stories would be energetic will, but by cutting them in parallel, their impact is multiplied by five.
The last days are a Talking -Heads style documentary - These are mainly photos of people who tell their stories, interspersed with vintage photographs and editorial images.
In this kind of film, it is almost impossible to obtain archive photos of the same time and the place discussed on the screen, but the director James Moll has made a better effort than most to find specific images, or at least relevant, to go with his subjects' narration.
The notes of the lining (one of the many interesting characteristics of this DVD) indicate that there are historical images never seen before in the last days.
It is not clear of which scene it is.
It could be one of the two that I had never seen before, both powerful.
One is rare images of colors, turned by an American, a lot of victims in cattle cars.
There is something shocking, something disturbing to see the images in color, when a large part of the Images of the Second World War is in black and white.
Another segment shows skeletons on foot; survivors who are so hungry that they barely look human.
There was an overabundance of Holocaust films and I was skeptical that a new documentary has something new to say.
But by focusing on the Hungarian Jews in the last days of war, Moll told a specific part of the story in a new way, in more detail.
And I'm glad he did it because his meticulous cinema is held well compared to other films on the same subject.
The transfer to the DVD is rich and beautiful.
X-Mozilla-Status: 0009F Words for a documentary from the Holocaust, but some of the interviews take place in Europe at the end of spring, when the sky is blue and the trees are green.
In addition, the film was shot on a 35 mm film (and not on the video!),
The wealth and details are therefore impeccable.
The characteristics of the DVD are numerous and well chosen.
There is a theatrical trailer for the film, which is an excellent introduction to the subject.
There are about fifty photos, both of the production team and private collections of the survivors.
In addition, the disc has two complete film versions (wide screen and full screen), both on the same side.
One of the characteristics of the most interesting DVDs is a segment of overtaking for each of the survivors (plus one for the crew).
You would think that the outings would be inappropriate in a holocaust documentary, but they are not Bloopers.
Instead, they are solid and moving segments that were likely Bly cut from the film only for the length.
One of them continues a confrontation that has only been touched slightly in the film.
Renee Firestone (one of the five) spoke about the camera with Dr. Hans M? Nch, a German doctor who headed the medical clinic in Auschwitz.
Firestone was aggressive, questioning the doctor of what his children thought.
The doctor was elusive and clearly uncomfortable.
Another outings showed that Bill Basch said a prayer for his friends who died in Auschwitz.
He ends his prayer by saying "... forgive me for having survived."
It is ambitious to shoot a documentary on the 35 mm film.
It is ambitious to make yourself on a subject that has a saturated cable, a television and films.
It is ambitious to do 54 years after the events it covers.
But the last days manage all these potential obstacles very well.
It is completely normal that the DVD, with its richness of interesting and relevant features, is also ambitious and successful.