The lively wisdom of an elderly banks thief, the naive ambitions of a sexy hospital nurse and a partnership that flourishes between the two are the beautiful components which constitute a modest and small caper adventure entitled "Where ismoney. '
The older bank thief is Henry (Paul Newman), a famous criminal who has only been recently captured.
He succeeded in dozens of successful robberies and probably hid a little fortune.
Always the clever thinker, he starts working on a plan to get out of prison.
This implies years of study of Buddhism and self-hypnosis.
When he is ready to execute his plan, he uses what he learned to simulate a stroke.
Now a vegetable that contracts, it is temporarily transferred to a house managed by the state.
Carol (Linda Fiorentino) is the nurse who takes care of him.
She is a very brilliant person with a good heart.
However, his life is a miserable waste of time.
The most exciting thing to do in town is to repair cars.
His days in the hospital spent leading calisthenia in a wheelchair.
Worse, she is in a dead end with the darling of the Lycée Wayne (Dylan McDermott).
They became a couple because they were king and queen of the ball.
For her, it made sense a long time ago.
But now is another story.
Wayne also seems bored with his life, but he is happy enough to stay in place.
Wayne's biggest ambition is to become a quarter of a night to supervise the foreman.
Carol also feels without life as many other hospital patients, but she has never been elsewhere and does not see many other opportunities in life.
However, when Henry falls under his care, his prospects begin to change.
Medical reports may indicate that it has undergone a massive stroke.
Carol, however, begins to become a suspect that Henry may well simulate him after all.
Maybe she can pass it, and maybe she can learn something about the money he hid.
The first 30 minutes are filled with hilarious attempts by Carol trying to bring Henry? Back to life. '
And what are some of Carol's resuscitation techniques?
Perhaps an erotic lapdance could stir its senses.
If it fails, she may try a small shock therapy by pushing it out of a 20 feet high pier in the cold lake below.
When he finally leaves his state of self-work, the film's management changes, although it remains just as well if not more entertaining.
Carol sees that Henry is filled with charisma and self -insurance.
It is invigorated by its dominant presence and refreshed by its dynamism.
Of course, it puts Wayne in a strange situation.
Henry and Carol's link is strengthening when they conclude an agreement to steal a Blinde car.
Henry needs this robbery because he is unable to recover his original hiding place.
Meanwhile, it's Carol's ticket for a better life.
Wayne is uncomfortable with the situation, but nevertheless helps.
However, his lack of commitment threatens their success.
The turning sequence is suspense, well rhythmic and throws the difficult feeling that something is going horrible.
"Where money is" done more to highlight Newman and Fiorentino than to present a story on a clever robbery.
Newman is the real joy of the film, showing with it that at 75, it is still very hot.
He has a sneaky smile, displays a dominant attitude and projects a behavior which is undeniably attractive.
Fiorentino is also a fun presence.
You root for her despite her sense of amorality.
Of course, she wants to commit flights and has little compunction to push a man struck in a wheelchair in a lake, but we can see that to escape her dead end, she must do something drastic.
With two charismatic characters like these, it is difficult to ignore that "where money is" is where the pleasure is.