The most astonishing thing about Paul Cox's innocence is how it is a film.
I mean that as the greatest compliment.
If most studios were to profile an elderly couple who revive a 40 -year -old romance, I would like to run and hide.
Sex scenes would be treated as a farce, the producers would lose 20 years of leave on the ages of the characters (so that Susan Sarandon and Harrison Ford can play) and true love would shine through an obstacle without explanation and consequence.
In addition to a charming romantic story, Australian / Belgian innocence shows how a growing feeling of mortality combined with the revision of the past while being rooted in the present can ensure that something that seems so just seems downright debatable.
The romance begins when the former musician Andreas (Charles "Bud" Tingwell) learns that his true love, Claire (Julia Blake), lives nearby.
They decide to catch up with ancient times, but soon find themselves in an invigorating case.
Complete the questions is Andreas' fragile health, and the longtime husband of Claire (Terry Norris), who does not understand why he is suddenly obsolete.
In my mind, the film is less on the relationship between Andreas and Claire, than the feelings of all the people involved.
John, Claire's husband, ends endlessly what he did badly.
Claire initially insists that she is an adult, but certainly behaves like a child, a perspective that makes her vibrate and disappoints her.
Andreas, an agnostic, begins to question his fate, a message that Cox transmits in a memorable dream sequence.
Cox is throwing the film with flashbacks, including the repeated vision of a roaring train.
It is a reminder of the past love of Andreas and Claire (as young lovers, they met by train), but by reproducing, we have the impression that the past and the present have clashed.
A veil is thrown on the whole case.
A master of the Cox underestimated together a series of memorable moments.
In Andreas' dream sequence, in the middle of the roar of the train and the conversations, we obtain the whole of Andreas and Claire's love.
We also have an overview of John and Claire's relationship.
During a silent candlestick dinner shortly after, Claire admits to John of her indiscretion, saying more than any monologue.
All that is understood is the scratching of the forks against the plates.
The characters are different from everything I saw - they are people.
So many times, films and especially television depict seniors and grumpy.
Or they are reduced to comic buffoons.
Ordinary people with a bunch of emotions, Claire and Andreas do not know what is the next step.
They want to be happy, which consists of a set of conditions entirely different from what they have known throughout their adult life.
Bravo to Cox, who wrote the script, for not having made John a monster, so that Claire's affair is automatically justified.
Norris is as effective as John that he makes Andreas' love and Claire difficult to accept.
We feel for him.
He is a decent man.
Of course, he may have become complacent, but he didn't expect it, especially now.
With so many presentations to the public, it is only planned that the equipment becomes a little drawn and repetitive, which it does.
However, to raise difficult questions and not offer easy answers, Cox displays a skill and? Lan will probably not be exceeded by anyone soon.