Tibet has slowly entered the American conscience in recent years and has recently broke out.
The Dalai Lama has made speaking, Tibetan designs and artifacts appear in stores, the fate of the people has captured the imagination of the main actors and artists and now there are two big budget films in as many months.
 "Kundun" ("presence", a name that the monks call the young Dalai Lama) opened in 1937 with the search for the 14th incarnation of the Tibetan chief.
A group of monks enters a village and a two -year -old child draws their attention.
The young boy himself proves by identifying the possessions of the previous holy man as "mine".
He and his family are then transferred to a monastery in Lhassa where he must be ready to take his position as a religious and political leader of the country.
He is forced to make difficult decisions when China invaded the country in 1950.
The peaceful and isolated country is poorly equipped to fight intruders and diplomatic attempts in the coming years, no results.
Finally, he must make the painful choice to flee to neighboring India.
Comparisons with "seven years in Tibet" are inevitable.
The two films cover almost the same field, although the previous film makes him from the point of view of a Western and presents Brad Pitt, Brad Pitt.
 "Kundun" only offers native actors and is more a story of initiate.
In some respects, this makes this film a superior concept, but it does not have the movement and the spark which made "seven years" such a pleasure.
The actors contribute to the realistic sensation of the film (filmed in Morocco for obvious reasons).
The only disappointment is President Mao who looks like a wax model and moves as if he were a computer generated by computer.
On the intellectual level, it is interesting to see how two different approaches manage the same facts.
Certain events are represented differently and climbing Austrian mountain of Pitt which has been described as a central influence in the life of the Dalai Lama is not even mentioned here.
Glated in "Seven Years", the problems with the Tibetan political system are suggested here as the Dalai Lama reflects "We were about to change things" after the Chinese attack.
The film is beautifully magnificent thanks mainly to the cinematography of Roger Deakins.
Its persistent camera shows the exotic Tibetan culture with succulent details.
Particularly striking is a movement of extreme movement of a grain of sand mandala by the grain.
The visual deals with more than compensating for the defects of the film creating a poetic meditation for the public.
Get out of the theater, you feel like you wake up from a transcendental experience.
Martin Scorsese, known for his dark tales of hell ("Goodfellas", "Taxi Driver", "Casino") changed speed.
Something of thematic monitoring of his "The Last Temptation of Christ" is his slowest film to date.
Curiously for a director with a story of graphic violence with a story filled with atrocities by the Chinese, most of these events take place off screen.
His decision not to explain the rituals too much.
The stumbling oracle that spits its prophecies while in a state of trance is much more effective as a mystery than if we were interpretations nourished with a spoon.
Philip Glass's score is impressive, but sometimes it is too overwhelming and entertaining.
I spoke to a Tibetan whom I met outside the theater who had just seen the film and who returned to see him again.
Hearing his description of the way he escaped Tibet at the age of seven and how his father was one of the soldiers accompanying the Dalai Lama during his trip to India, I was struck by whatwas missing in the film.
As large as it seems and as exact historical terms, there is a distance between the public and the film.
The film is more concerned with visuals and history and less by human beings s.
With the exception of a few scenes, the involvement with the characters is light.
One of these exceptions is the representation of the young Dalai Lama, shown as a playful boy who can sometimes not resist being a child.
A meeting with his older brother Thubten J. Norbu (a retired professor of the University of Indiana) who tells the young chef that the Chinese ordered him to persuade him to accept the Communist regime or to kill it isAn exceptional moment, but there are not many.
Even with its problems, the "Kundun" experience is phenomenal, but that I fear that most will miss.
Many people who saw "seven years in Tibet" will have been there "was there,".
It is likely that the film will miss a broad attraction and a public response will be the sound of an applauding hand.