In 1998, the director Brett Ratner and his stars, Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker, inspired a new life in the kind of film Buddy-Action with the "Hour" of Rush "- up to around 250 million dollars.
You do not play with success, so the team is back, and better, in "Rush Hour 2".
Chan's formidable physical talent combo and Tucker's non-stop motor mouth made an unusual ethnically duo in "Hour per hour" which has played the public around the world.
The formula worked so well, in fact, that the rest was inevitable.
I am never delighted with the idea of monitoring a successful original, because they rarely meet the previously defined expectations.
Surprisingly, "Rush Hour 2" does not waste time going to business and turns out to be better than the film that generated it.
The script, by Jeff Nathanson (using the characters developed by Ross Lamanna in the first film), does not waste time arriving from the start.
Terrorists bombed the United States Embassy in Hong Kong, killing two American translators, and chief Inspector Lee (Jackie Chan) is resolving crime.
At the same time, his friend James Carter (Chris Tucker) arrives on the island for a very necessary R&R and expects his friend to spend time and show him the views.
Instead, Lee drags Carter in the case and the duo is involved in stopping a plot to counterfeit hundreds of millions of US dollars.
The manufacturers of "Rush Hour 2" work at a separate advantage on the original.
We, the spectator, know the two main characters and the already existing chemistry that Chan and Tucker have developed the first time.
This chemistry was a highlight (and probably the safeguard point) before and now the pair carries their friendship as a comfortable costume.
Shortly is lost to know the key players, so the scenario capitalizes on these things that we love the best at "Hour Rush".
The first and before for me, in "RH2", is the immense pleasure in looking at the artistic talent of Jackie Chan in the combat choreography.
The 47 -year -old martial arts master has a renowned reputation to do all his own stunt work and, here, he does not disappoint.
The use of chan accessories during the fight against the bad guys continues as it pulverizes its opponents with any element that is about to an element, like a garbage bucket.
His movements seem just as good as ever because he fights four or five enemies at the same time on a bamboo scaffolding, at the tail of a yacht, in a massage salon in Hong Kong and, for the final, in a casino ofLas Vegas.
Like Harold Lloyd or Buster Keaton, Chan is proud to put her physical self at stake in search of her artistic talent and is a joy to watch.
Chris Tucker resumes his role as Motor Mouth La Cop, Carter, who teams up, again, with Lee to put the bad guys.
When he was pulled without ceremony from his vacation to help his colleague and his friend in the big case, he always seems to have fun.
When Lee enters a karaoke bar, the lair of the villain in chief Ricky Tan (John Lone) and his caps, Carter puts the light on stage with a credible riff by Michael Jackson.
The actor went from the improvisation scene to the big screen and, with Jackie Chan, has a franchise to hang her coat to pay the bills.
The combo of the flying feet and chan fists with Tucker's quick mouth makes a duo more endearing than Riggs and Murtgh in the films "Lethal Weapon".
The support cast is there to effectively move things.
John Lone, as Ricky Tan, is a suave villain who is the real power behind the throne of American Bigwig Steven Reign (Alan King in a walk through performance).
Lone does not chew the landscapes or does not make declarations for "Get Lee and Carter", but gives the main elegance of the villain.
Zhang Zi-Yi ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") continues to display his skills in martial arts as a Taciturn Henchlady of Ricky , Hu li, who exercises an in progress battle with Carter.
 (Carter has a problem, through most of the film, by hitting a woman, but that falls aside with their melee in a possible head to the conclusion.)
Roselyn Sanchez is magnificent (and looks like Sandra Bullock) as an infiltrated agent Isabella Molina - she does not add much to the equation but is great to look.
Director Ratner and the original production team "Hour Hour" brought together a team of qualified craftsmen to work behind the camera.
The director of photography Matthew F.leonetti has had a long career of filming action films and gives "RH2" the movement of the fluid camera that the film needs.
The design of the production of Terrence Marsh extends on the continents and gives the right aspect, whether in a bar of Hong Kong karaoke or a Casino with high issues of Las Vegas.
The rest of the technicians are of the same quality.
I am surprised to even say that "Rush Hour 2" is the most entertaining successful summer films.
You need the best of the first film and kicks Jurassic Dino Butt in its fun, messy and fast rhythm and is the best dominant thing, so far, this summer.
I give him a b.