Truman ("True-Man") Burbank is the perfect name for the character of Jim Carrey in this film.
President Truman was a modest man who became known worldwide, despite (or was it because of) his stature.
 "Truman" also remembers an era of abundance after a dark war, an era when planned communities built by government scientists promised an idyllic life for the Americans.
And Burbank, in California, is reminiscent of Tonight Show and the house of NBC.
If Hollywood is the center of the world of cinema, Burbank is or was the center of the world of television, the world where our protagonist lives.
Combine all these names and concepts in "Truman Burbank", and you get something that describes him well and his artificial world.
Truman leads perfect life.
His city, car and wife are perfect.
His idea of reality is attacked one day when a studio fire falls from the sky.
The radio explains that an overlapping plane has started to separate.
 .
 .
But then why would an aircraft bring studio lighting?
The next day, during the trip to work, the radio blocks and it begins to pick up a voice that describes its movements exactly.
He is so distracted that he almost strikes a pedestrian.
When the radio returns to normal, the advertiser warns the listeners to drive carefully.
His suspicions have aroused, he wandered on the city's square in search of other quirks.
The world seems to work properly until it enters an office building and tries to take the elevator.
The elevator doors open to a small living room with people on coffee breaks.
A handle sees him Truman and quickly moves a paneled door, made to look like an elevator, in place.
Two security guards catch it and throw it.
Truman is really suspect now.
This is still getting worse the next day when his wife, a nurse, describes an elevator accident in the building where he saw the living room.
 "It is best not to think about it," she said, trying in vain to change Truman's memory.
Truman becomes determined to see who or what is behind this hoax apparently developed at his expense.
Each turning point, he was arrested by an incredible coincidence that keeps him in his own small town.
His last hope is to suppress his fear of the ocean and to navigate towards the edge of the world.
You now know that Truman's life is the subject of a television program.
His actions are "real" but everything else is carefully scripted, from the death of his father to the choice of his wife.
Truman is determined to discover what the big hoax is.
Meanwhile, Christof, the creator of Truman's World does his best to keep him unconscious and happy.
It's a bit like Westworld told from the point of view of robots, or Jurassic Park from the point of view of dinosaurs.
We are looking for the captive of the cage world.
Our protagonist is counting on the "chaos theory" to help him escape his elaborate trap.
History, written by Andrew Niccol (writer / director of Gattaca), presents interesting questions, such as the ethics of submitting a person to this type of life, or the psychological impact of learning that your whole life hasAll been false.
Although these questions come to mind, I don't think the film itself asked them.
This certainly did not approach them or tried to answer them.
I have been particularly disappointed that the film does not deal more from the trauma of learning his life is a television program.
Carrey's performance at the end showed a Smidgen of Truman's pain, but I almost felt that he was too easily recovered for the rhythm of the film.
Earlier in the film, I found myself asking myself if it would be better for Truman to discover the truth or if I should enrage it to go well.
The two seemed exclusive to each other, but Weir and Niccol did not see it in this way.
It may not be fair to criticize a film for what it is not, but it seems that there have been missed opportunities here.
booty T in its own terms, the film is well made.
The view, the sound and the rhythm are all managed with competence.
Much of the first part of the film is The Truman Show.
The scenes are all apparently drawn from hidden cameras, with snotts and obstructions covering the corners of the screen.
A hidden camera is apparently found in its car radio, green LED numbers obscuring the lower part of the screen.
The music is well chosen and marked.
The film opens with what looks like music with a family dramatic theme, when Truman's world is always beautiful and perfect.
At the end of the film, the score is more like a frantic, motivated and tangin dream opus, while keeping the same stamp.
The epic music of Philip Glass (from Powaqqqatsi) permeates the scenes of suspicion and awakening of Truman.
 (Glass has a little cameo as a keyboardist for the show.)
And the rhythm of the story was lively.
There was no unnecessarily long configuration explaining the concept behind the Truman show, just a few quick title cards, some interviews, then directly in the show, and the film.
One of the first scenes is the fall of the studio's light; there was no symbolic scene of Truman's idyllic life before disintegration, because it was not necessary, we collect history at firstSign of problem, and barely.
There is also no problem in the film where the intrigue slows down.
It is a quick and straight blow until the end of the film.
In terms of global quality, I would compare the Truman show at Niccol Gattaca.
The two films are well made with interesting stories that take place in interesting worlds.
But neither of the two films had the impression of capitalizing on all the big ideas; neither of the two films has "clicked" and has become an instant classic.
Nevertheless, I look forward to Niccol's next film, whatever.