Synopsis: It was in 1977 in a small Italian-American district in New York.
Disco music is popular and the sexual revolution is on, but the inhabitants of New York are not happy.
In fact, they are terrified.
As in Spike Lee, do the right thing that a heat wave has the city in its grip, and the temperaments of people evade.
The cool night offers no respite: the neighborhood is terrorized by a night psychotic killer who calls himself Sam's son.
No one knows who is Sam's son, and no one is safe.
All around New York, people are different.
Aside from cultural groups and ethnic districts, there are differences between individuals.
In the American Italian section of the city, a philandeur husband named Vinny (John Leguizamo) tries to hide her appointments and her sexual behavior from her long wife of a young bride Dionna (Mira Sorvino).
Vinny's friend, Ritchie (Adrien Brody), hates Disco, works in a gay strip club and does not want people in the neighborhood to know.
The daughter of Ritchie Ruby (Jennifer Esposito) tries to escape a reputation for a slut.
Everyone is different, but no one in the film wants to be presented as "foreigner" to the community.
Unfortunately, the killings help to create a climate of suspicion of neighboring pits against the neighbor.
Opinion: The summer of the director Spike Lee does not concern a psycho-turer.
Nor are these cops trying to apprehend it.
These are differences and how, given the good conditions, even close neighbors can stir up the hostile flames of irrational suspicion.
One thing that I found interesting to Summer of Sam was the use of sex.
In other films, sex is glamorous.
For example, James Bond gets a sexual award to win.
Or boring "suspense" films made for a video are enriched with free lingerie scenes just to keep the audience awake.
And each film or soap -by -film character of these films seems to have expert sexual prowess.
This is not the case with Summer of Sam.
In a very courageous movement, Spike Lee shows sex without fantasy.
Sex is there, but it's not free or titillating.
In fact, some of the main characters are downright ugly in bed.
Sex is in the film because (sexual) deviance is part of the major theme of the film of the reproductive hostility of the film.
In my opinion, this kind of film on the film is advanced for 1999, as rare and stimulating in American cinema as showing a spanking.