History screen of Kevin Yagher and Andrew Kevin Walker.
Script by Andrew Kevin Walker.
Inspired by the new The Legend of Sleepy Hollow by Washington Irving.
Directed by Tim Burton.
With Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci and Casper Van Dien.
Special appearances by Christopher Lee and Christopher Walken.
Synopsis: The investigator Ichabod Crane went to 1799 Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of murders involving decapitation.
City dwellers believe that the mind of a dead German mercenary threatens them.
The pretty blonde Katrina and a apathetic orphan help the crane to solve the mystery.
Comments: Tim Burton has made a number of entertaining and revolutionary films over the years.
Batman, of course, is perhaps his best known film and has led to a series of less successful suites.
He did biographical work (on director Ed Wood), children's films (Nightmare Before Christmas) and a tribute to extraterrestrial invasion films (Mars attack!).
Sleepy Hollow, his new feature that fans have been planning for some time, shares the dark and atmospheric style similar to his previous work and is among his best films.
Sleepy Hollow is obviously inspired by horror films of the old period from the 1950s and 1960s, in particular the retouching of Hammer Studios de Dracula and Frankenstein, and the series of American international films based on the works ofEdgar Allan Poe.
Christopher Lee, in fact, a star of many hammer productions over the years, appears at the start of Sleepy Hollow as a judge who sends Ichabod Crane to investigate the murders.
The film also borrows from universal monster films from the 1930s.
One of the climatic scenes involves a windmill and obviously inspires Frankenstein.
I mention these allusions for a reason.
Seasoned moviegoers, including myself, will smile at their inclusion in this film.
With the recent disappointments of horror films released in theory, in particular the Blair Witch project (the most exaggerated turkey in the decade), we needed a film like this.
Not only does this have a sense of history, but the skillful use by Burton of the decor and the mood makes it an entertaining exercise of horror.
The strange landscapes and the misty cities of the film in fact eclipse the actors and the intrigue as the most remarkable aspect of the film.
Johnny Depp, a veteran actor of Tim Burton who appeared to Ed Wood and Edward Scissorhands, plays Ichabod Crane, who has apparently changed occupations of the original history of Irving and is now an investigator.
Depp is adequate in his role.
no more no less .
Christina Ricci is just as sufficient, who plays the love interest in the film.
It is also a good witch.
how cute .
One of the rare weak parts of Sleepy Hollow is the wooden dialogue and cliché between the main characters.
The two actors, however, wear the film fairly well, but the support cast is what makes this film shine.
Veteran actors such as Jeffrey Jones and Michael Gough (who played the butler Alfred in the four recent Batman films) are great as an aging city dwellers involved in the plot that Depp discovers.
Although I do not wish to reveal points of the crucial plot, I can say that the scenario becomes quite confusing.
You must be careful.
Andrew Kevin Walker wrote the script.
It was he who also wrote 8 mm and seven.
Walker quickly became one of the first editors suspense in Hollywood, and Sleepy Hollow certainly does not hurt its growing reputation.
As one could imagine of a gentleman like Walker, Sleepy Hollow is quite graphic.
There is a lot of blood and a lot of decapitations.
It is certainly not a film to take young children.
A lady in front of us took her two young sons to see him and spent about 25 to 30 minutes to cover the youngest's eyes with her hand.
He was obviously upset by the intense violence of the film.
If you are looking for a good Fear, however, Sleepy Hollow is definitely recommended.