The soldiers of three kings were inspired by films on Vietnam.
 (Adjustment, since the Gulf War saturated by the media has become pop entertainment.)
While driving through a long flat Iraqi desert (in a humve with a Bart Simpson Hood ornament), one of the men under the SGT special forces.
Majle Commandment of Archie Gates (Who's Direering) requests a melody of Beach Boys.
These men want their apocalypse now, but instead of surfing, they bop music and Skeet shoot on the back of the vehicle, armed with automatic rifles.
Our three kings (okay, four) are good fighters, but they do not necessarily take the operation Desert Storm - it is a stay of their hellish day jobs.
These are doors, the new father SGT.
TROY BARLOW (Wahlberg), sgt.
Chef Elgin (Cube) and PVT.
Conrad Vig (Director of Jonze Video).
At the start of Story, President Bush declared a ceasefire and the American troops are looking at each other.
Barlow, Elgin and Vig discover Iraqi captives in an overview an "ass" that points a bunker filled with gold bars.
Gates leaves his jurisdiction to requisition the situation; he proposes that Barlow, Elgin and Vig join him in a treasure hunt.
To abandon his escort, an implacable journalist named Adriana Cruz (Nora Dunn), is easy.
The same goes to find the treasure, until the four men achieve the magnitude of the discord that always breathes in Iraq: Saddam's men threaten the detractors of the dictator (citizens of his own country) with violence.
When the doors and the company arrive at the bunker with a stolen truck, ready to loot, the unarmed rebels want help.
 (Bush encouraged them to get up against the government, but provided no military support to such a cause.)
Gates convinces the safe guards that this is an post-war mission and even accepts their help in loading the truck.
The situation could take place without a hitch: the ancient enemies have no resentment.
But the hungry money Gates has a conscience, and when a past woman is killed by a sadistic groan before these Americans left the scene, he orders Barlow, Elgin and Vig to open fire on the surrounding Arab forces.
The result: Barlow is kidnapped, and the filmmakers imply that these potential kings see more action than ever in wartime.
Barlow is finally locked in a wet room and wired to a shocking device.
His interrogator lost his family because of the bombs, and he wants Barlow to imagine the disappearance of his own wife and child.
 (He does it, in frightening and lasting images.)
I liked these scenes better, because politics has become personal.
It is one thing to defend the fate of the thousands; it is another to see a ceiling cave at the top of a baby in a cradle.
Russell has already shocked us: his first film, Spanking The Monkey, talks about the affair of a young man with his mother bed.
 ( It's good . )
His second, flirting with a disaster, presents a character who has a fait of the armpits.
You could say that it is easier to make an audience react to such a sexual deviance than explosions, however; Russell bothers us in three kings being insensitive to violence.
When Barlow evokes the detonation of his suburban house, Russell turns the sound, we pay attention to debris instead of bombing.
Three Kings is Russell's first visual image.
Stylistically, he distinguished himself from other war dramas.
The cinematography of the exteriors of Newton Thomas Sigel is overexposed and extremely grainy, which is, of course, completely appropriate.
We burst practically sweaty by looking at the screen.
 (A friend added enthusiastically: "It's like having sand in your eyes.")
This also helps to blur the fact that real locations are far from the facade of the Persian Gulf.
 (Three Kings were killed in Arizona, California and Mexico.)
Russell throws a lot on Sigel's camera so that he observes - as it was He box with the previous efforts of Russell, the most absurd moments are also the most realistic, even the most poignant.
 (We look at a ball pierce an organ from the inside.)
If anything, three kings settle down and stop surprising us.
His culmination is pure Hollywood, undoubtedly the answer to the reason why a large studio felt comfortable going to bed with the Russell in an indie spirit.
Subsequently, the characters become more caricatured of the caricature of the caricature of the caricature of Barlow, felt false, and the chief, a strong presence in the first third, does not manage to escape the God of the power of Dieucliché? -Co for the cube avoiding the status of token.
 (Arab players, on the other hand, duck stereotype.)
Clooney, too, transforms into a heroic demonstrator bland with the rebels, I waited for him to shout: "Leave my people!"
Notwithstanding the vigane, the protagonists are very intelligent and selfish too; I had a glimmer of hope, based on the filmography of Russell, that our anti-heroes would return to their gourmet self at a given moment.
 (He doesn't spoil much to write that.)
Here again, what historical importance would such wickedness serve?
 (There is already enough cynicism in the mention of the film of water infested with oil from Kuwait.)
Russell offers masses an introduction to the often divided Gulf conflict and has achieved a neat tip: a war tale full of battles which takes place after the declaration of a truce.
If he undertakes to do something socially / culturally / politically / worldwide, he succeeded.
With Flair.