In the wake of the shattering success of "Rumble in the Bronx", it seems more and more likely that more films Jackie Chan will see an American release.
The rumor wants one of these films will be drunk Master II.
The version I have is a copy of the laserdisc; it is a large screen and subtitled in bilie, just like most Hong Kong films these days.
In the United States, availability is very limited; these films must be purchased via hackers or sought from Asian distributors such as Tai Seng.
The subtitling of the copy I have is slightly difficult to read; the letters are white and a little small.
Although the American version is almost certainly nicknamed, this criticism is of the subtitled version, so keep this in mind if you read this review to help you decide to go out and see it.
To be fair, I must admit that I have never really liked the "vintage" martial arts films - those that take place in a nebulous China of the distant or not so distant past.
It may be because most of those I have seen were filmed on a lower stock, with massacred dubbing or illegal-but but perhaps because their plots tend toBe very similar and, in many cases, all, but non -existent.
In fact, many of them are so wrapped in their sub -intrigues that they seem to completely forget their main plot until a few minutes before the end.
Or, moreover, it is perhaps because Jackie Chan's films with more modern parameters (armor of God, rumble in the Bronx, etc.) tend to have more spectacular waterfalls, often involving largemotor vehicles and large explosions, while the pieces of time simply the martial arts.
That said, I must now turn right and say that Drunken Master II is a remarkable exception to everyone or most of the above, is one of the best martial arts films that I saw, and II enjoyed it.
surprised ?
Well, me too.
Drunken Master II speaks of a young man named Wong Fei-Hong (played by Jackie Chan) who is a master of the drunk boxing style of Kung Fu.
Where he learned that this style is uncertain, because his father, Wong Kei-Ying (Ti Lung), is firm in his opposition to the practice of Fei-Hong rather than a more normal style of Kung-Fu.
Apparently, Fei-Hong is a kind of figure of Chinese folklore, a bit like Paul Bunyan is for the Americans, but I have heard very little about this, and I could quite well be false, so I will leave an analysisTo people who know it better.
One of my friends underlines that the character of Wong Fei-Hong is also presented in the films "Once Upon a Time in China", but I have not yet seen them.
The intrigue of Drunken Master II is somewhat misty, just like the plots of many of these films, but if you watch a film by Jackie Chan, you are not expected to order "war and peace".
The story seems to revolve around these bad foreigners who distance ancient Chinese relics (and therefore, the cultural heritage of China) while working, underpaid and beating Chinese workers in a nearby facial.
However, this intrigue serves as a framework for the other main story of the film - the perpetual struggle of Fei -Hong to win his girlfriend, supplicate her father, keep her mother (pregnant) (played by Anita Mui) to fight andof custody being beaten by evil foreign thugs.
The macguffin which leads to the plot is a precious imperial seal of ancient Jade which is removed by strange foreigners.
At first, Fei-Hong accidentally steals it while trying to recover an identical wrapped box containing the medicinal ginseng that his father brought back for a client.
In the process, he collides with another thief, who tries the seal himself but ends up rather with ginseng.
After Fei-Hong narrowly avoids being caught with the seal by the breaches of foreigners of foreigners, thanks to A timely intervention by the son of a general (an appearance by Andy Lau, who would later assume the main role in Ivre Maître III!) A replacement of missing ginseng.
And that's fine.
And the plot thickens later, as when the girlfriend of Fei-Hong the maneuver in a kung Fu match with a rival, or when Fei-Hong and the thief, now revealed to be a loyalist manchu officer trying toRecovering the seal and stopping evil foreign ledes are attacked en masse (another tradition of the film Grand Kung-Fu), but I think that I have already spent more time on the intrigue than it really deserves.
Let's go to the real draw of Jackie Chan films ... the
action .
There is a lot of action in martial arts in this film ...
Of course, in a Kung Fu film, to be expected.
However, it is not only another Kung Fu film; it makes Jackie Chan makes the fight and the choreography of the blows, and Jackie Chan is a genius.
The "style" of the main martial arts presented in the film is drunk boxing, a form of kung-fu which tries to draw the opponent from his guard by giving the impression that the guy who uses it is drunk.
In addition, at least for the purposes of this film, drunk boxers are fighting better when they are in drunk ... but
There is a thin line between just drunk and drunk in stupor.
In normal circumstances, the idea of someone who pulled by the search for Slowed, but who manages to fight effectively and even incredibly may seem rather stupid, but Jackie withdraws with Flair.
The sequences of Kung Fu are so complex in their staging and their execution that it is useless to try to describe it on paper, so I would simply say that the fights - in particular the big fight culminating at the end - make them-Mell the film, struggling to watch.
Another drunk Master II has to do so is the stunt work.
Even without motor vehicles (well, without counting a train), there are remarkable waterfalls in this film.
Among other things, Jackie plunges a balcony into a table and crawls on hot coals (not once, but at _least_ twice, if you count the exit indicated during the credits).
 (Quick films in these waterfalls can be found via the www movie database.)
Unlike American films, these waterfalls are not simulated.
Drunken Master II features several veterans actors in the Hong Kong cinematic scene, notably Jackie, Ti Lung ("A Better Tomorrow" 1 & 2) and Anita Mui (the series "Héroic Trio", "Rumble in the Bronx").
The performances are of first order, especially with regard to the parts of the film's comedy.
The scene where Fei-Hong and his mother literally conspire behind the back of Fei-Hong's father to cover himself for the missing ginseng root is hilarious, just like the scene where Fei-Hong's mother, having just revealed that sheis pregnant, threat of injury (in order to divert the anger of her husband from Fei-Hong).
Jackie has developed her talent for physical comedy in a kind of master's degree over the years, and he is in good shape throughout the Master IV.
Regarding cinematography, it certainly works for this film.
It's nothing spectacular, but it's at least a dozen times better than all these old Kung Fu films of the 70s.
The image is clear and clear.
One thing that I find particularly worthy of mention is that, at least in the copy that I have, the screen was wider than any film I have ever seen on video band before - almost a1/3 of the screen was blocked above and from below.
 (Watch this on a television or a large screen cinema if you can.)
It will be a total shame if this film is finally breaded and scanned for the American video release.
Drunken Master II shows the full potential of Kung-Fu films "period play", and it's good enough to even overcome my usual disgust for such films.
The intrigue winds a little, but t The hat is to be expected in this type of film.
If you like this kind of film, you will love this film, and if not, well, give it a chance anyway.
If nothing else, the sequences of martial arts and waterfalls are themselves worth the price of admission or rental.