The 1990s produced two brilliant science fiction films.
One was _Gattaca_.
The other was the thirteenth floor_.
Just like _Gattaca_ was overshadowed by the powerful _titanic_, _ The thirteenth floor was relegated to the dark by _The matrix_.
However, _The Treiteeth Floor_, although it deals with similar themes, is a much better film than the frantic, childish and improbable _matrix_.
A advanced computer scientist, Hannon Fuller (played by the charming Armin Mueller-Stahl), is murdered.
His partner, Douglas Hall, (Craig Bierko) apparently supervised and suspected by the police, enters the simulated world they have created in order to unravel the mystery.
Along the way, a beautiful blonde (Gretchen Mol), no more body and a mystery of deepening on the simulated worlds complicate the image.
_The thirteenth ground takes place slowly and telegraph its punches, choosing to provoke the more complex emotional response of empathy and anticipation rather than simple surprise.
The result is a film which is a failure of two conventional points of view.
First, his revelation of the plot can be planned if we have carefully followed his complex scenario.
Second and more seriously, he demands that his audience think and feels.
No wonder it falls through the meshes of the net.
Made in the style of the film noir as a mystery of murder, it is a relatively deep film that works on several levels.
Many audiences will simply be disconcerted by it, rather than acting, which is a shame, because this film amply reimburses a little emotional and intellectual investment.
I recommend a second visualization simply to obtain the flavor of the ironic prefiguration frequent in the first parts of the film.
Despite its philosophical challenges, the thirteenth ground derives its emotional force from the love story between Jane Fuller (Mol) and Douglas Hall (Bierko), as well as the narrow friendship between Douglas Hall and Hannon Fuller.
In this sense, it is more like _gattaca_ than _LA matrix_, which, for all its pretty philosophical Byplay, is a teenage film without emotional depth.
The moment when Jane Fuller admits her love for Douglas Hall is both satisfactory, heartbreaking and intellectually difficult.
In his last moments, the film even happens again, when David, Jane's husband, who came to kill, accuses him of being the patient.
Although there is a victory for the main characters, this resolution suggests a disturbing element of fantasy to Jane, and therefore a deep character defect.
In fact, Hannon Fuller's activities in the simulated world, Jane's husband's behavior and the effects of seizure of simulation on Douglas Hall refer to similar problems with these characters.
It is not a film of good people assailed by without much harm.
The tragedy is not in their stars, but in themselves.
The main actors, who are all required to play two or even three roles, play extremely well.
Bierko, who will be familiar as a psycho of _The long kiss goodnight_, is exceptional.
From Onofrio as Whitney, which plays a central role in support, also turns into good performance.
The charming Mol de Gretchen, whose elegance, integrity and determination suggest that Bergman in _casablanca_, does a wonderful job.
His voice, however, sometimes does not have the necessary weight.
This could be due to the fact that it received the worst lines from a film whose major weakness is the script.
Minor defects, hair cracks in fine porcelain, appear in places.
There is one or two jerky publishing cases.
The script takes the advantage of the film's peak.
The atmosphere sometimes becomes too claustrophobic (however, there is also a clue there).
One wonders if even after two decades, _blade Runner_ is always of its shadow on science fiction films.
You can see a group of costumes in its suite, waving their hands imperatively with directors like The emperor in _amadeus_: "Give him more like_blade runner_, you know, dark and rainy."
_The thirteen floor_ is this rare exception among Hollywood films: a rich and emotionally satisfactory science fiction film.
And yet, in the end, this proves that the costumes are correct.
Because when a good science fiction is made, where does the SF community take place en masse to see it?
If we do not support Great SF, who will?