What surprises me most in the long -awaited Batman is that the cinema is not on the Caped Crusader but on the Joker.
Dark Knight actually has less screen time than its homicide sworn enemy!
I can hear Batfans everywhere to protest: "First, they had the cheek to throw Michael Keaton as Batman, and now they think they can get away with him the second banana to the Joker!! "
And, indeed, this situation would have been completely inappropriate and intolerable if it was not the fact that someone Warner Brothers had the sense of throwing Jack Nicholson in the role he was born to play.
Nicholson deserves the best invoicing he receives in the opening posters and credits since his amazing performance and worthy of an Oscar, because the Joker is the culmination of Batman.
Nicholson does not show any inhibition or shame while he withdraws all stops to create a Joker who makes Cesar Romero look like Bozo the clown (Romero played the Joker in the television series of the 60s).
On the one hand, the Nicholson joker is extremely funny.
Its murderous escapades and its manic explosions (which include the degradation of paintings in an art museum and invading television waves with hilarious pirate shows) bring humor and laughter in a differently dark film.
But on the other hand, his external jovial arrangement is only a mask for his intense contempt for all humanity.
The cruelty of the Joker and the diabolical nature of the Joker are really frightening and sinister.
This guy is out of his rocker, and he doesn't only know it, he is displayed!
But enough on Nicholson as a joker: I'm sure most people wonder about Michael Keaton as Batman.
Like many, I was indignant when Warner Brothers announced that Keaton had been interpreted as the Caped Crusader.
But Batfans does not need to worry because the unconventional Saint cast!
Keaton delivers.
He is convincing as a tormented millionaire, Bruce Wayne, and under his armor of the hard and black body, he is mysterious and formidable like the Batman.
Even if the scenario only tries with all my heart to develop the character, Keaton manages to give indices of the inner bustle and the emotional rage that pushes Wayne to put on his bat equipment and to fight the foam at lowGotham City lifespan.
Visually, Batman is a KO without less than a triumph for director Tim Burton and his production team.
The film successfully captures the film Noir and the dark and dark atmosphere of Batman comics such as "The Dark Knight Returns" and "The Killing Joke".
The Burton film is a feast for the eyes; the budget of $ 35 million is definitely on the screen.
The sets, costumes and makeup are amazing and worthy of Oscar nominations.
Nicholson does not like it when he boasts: "Wait 'until they have a lot of me!"
Her grimacing smile, her green hair and her purple costumes on orange shirts are colored and scandalous.
The Keaton wardrobe is just as appropriate.
Batman's cape, mask and body vest made him look threatening, scary and invincible that does not think about Adam West's Campy costume in the television series but Peter Weir's outfit.
The sets of production designer Anton Furst are a wonder.
Gotham City is dark and disturbing, almost as if it were an expressionist vision of New York.
The Batcave is cold, naked and sorry.
The world that Burton and Furst have created in Batman is a melancholic nightmare of violence and corruption.
The look of the Bladerunner / Robocop of the film of the film is a joy to see.
The intrigue, however, is not as catchy.
The scenario is not up to the tobacco to be prized compared to stylized sets and a superb game.
It takes an eternity for the little story that there is to finally kick.
Batman tries to browse a thin line between the action and the psychology of the characters, but that does not give us enough of one or the other.
As I mentioned earlier, the scenario gives us a lot of joker, but it never fully established the psychological reasons of Batman and the foundations.
In terms of action, Batman is not as exciting as you could expect.
Burton seems more concerned about the visual and dramatic elements of history.
More than anything, Batman is a mood film.
Although Batman does not absorb you and does not completely excite you, he will probably impress you with his success to give life to the style and mind of Batman's comics.
Thanks to its distinctive look, the film like a good comic strip transports us to another world.