No, it's not a bad film, in fact it's so good to reach its goal, I actually wanted the film to end quickly.
Event Horizon is not your banal science fiction film, I am sure that many of those who watched this will agree with me.
It is not even original in this sense, and he borrows a lot from films like Alien, Hellraiser and even Blade Runner.
The magic of this film lies in its unorthodox setting and its methodical accumulation which makes it wonderfully horrible.
History brings us to the year 2050, when space trips have increased since a lot.
The horizon of the event is in fact a ship built for secret experimental purposes; it has the capacity to fold time and space, which allows itinerant distances which are not accessible during the life ofa man.
The ship disappeared as soon as it came into service, but after 7 years, it reappeared again on the orbit of Neptune.
A research and rescue team led by Miller (Fishburne) has the task of checking the survivors of the event horizon.
The designer of the ship, Dr.weir (Neill) follows to satisfy his curiosity on what really happened to his ship otherly impressive technologically.
Event Horizon is a science fiction horror film, much more true to the word than to say, Alien would never be.
While in Alien, the crew must face a fierce creature while being locked in tight spaces, in events, the forces that go against the crew are indefinite but nevertheless so powerful and horrible.
The story takes place slowly and the accumulation of suspense is superb, to the point where I really wanted to say aloud "enough!
I can't stand that anymore! '.
There are more than enough jerks to send your adrenaline to pump overtime.
History in itself is not exactly something very exciting and also, the game is only at most, means by most commercial standards.
Despite this, the essence of horror is very well done in this film, thanks to its well -paid narration, its designed decorations drawings and certain truly bloody sequences (which, by incident, were quite generously suppressed by our advicecensorship).
Director Paul Anderson (who made Mortal Kombat) and his team of "atmospheres" creators did well to keep Event Horizon within the limits of the term "horror".
This image did not succeed very well at the American box office most likely for the impact of the terror factor he has on most audiences; people will not see him again and few would recommend to their friend to look at this.
Although at first glance, the Horizon event is mainly molded for mass entertainment; many thrills, spills and suspense to keep the public to the point.
However, the offbeat horror element that he finally transmits the public is very disturbing.
My friend and I could not say a word for a while after having crossed the experience of the Horizon event.
I guess it was just the immense feeling of dread that the film had threw us.
Be warned, this film is not for timid or for pure entertainment.
Be ready to be disturbed if you decide to watch this film!
The horizon of events is highly recommended ?? but at your own risk!
It has been a long time since Good-Horror kissed the big screen, and Event Horizon is one.