Star Wars: Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace (1999)
Review by Matt Pusateri
Few films evoke nostalgia, enthusiasm and affection like the classic of George Lucas in 1977, Star Wars.
The original successful film and its two suites not only mentioned wonder and passion in a generation of filmmakers, but have been deeply anchored in American pop culture.
We can say that more Americans today can explain what "strength" or "jedi" is that a budget deficit or a Serbian.
So 22 years after the release of the original, and 16 years since the third film, the return of the Jedi, how can a new Star Wars film resist the weight of incomparable expectations and anticipation?
Can a new scenario and a new casting of characters perhaps compete with the legends of the first trilogy-Luke, Han Solo and Darth Vador-All Cultural icons?
Against this challenge, the fourth film Star Wars, Episode One: The Phantom threatened hit the screens last week.
And despite some first critical criticisms in the main media, the film is neither a flop nor a disappointment.
Although the ghost threat is certainly not the best film in the series, it is nevertheless engaging, exciting and breathtaking visually.
This is a worthy suite - ER, prequel - to the original Star Wars films.
The Phantom threat takes place for decades before the decor of original films.
While the film opens, Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor), the old wise master who presented Luke to force in the original star wars, is only a young Jedi apprentice, who always learns from his colleagueJedi and instructor, Qui-Gon Jinnn (Liam Neeson).
The government of the Republic sent the two Jedi to settle a commercial dispute that has turned into a blockade from the planet Naboo by a Shifty commercial federation.
The Jedi quickly find themselves not in the negotiations, but in the midst of a planetary invasion, rushing to protect the young queen of Naboo Amidala (Natalie Portman).
Later, after finally saving Amidala and helped him escape Naboo, they are forced to stop at Tatooine to repair their damaged ship by the battle before bringing him to the Galactic Senate to appeal to justice.
On Tatooine, Qui-Gon discovers a young slave, Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), who not only can help them get the pieces they need, but displays an intelligence, insight and strange instincts.
Qui-Gon feels that the child is "unusually strong" with strength and begins to suspect that he can be "the only one" has prophesied to "bring balance to force".
As anyone who has looked at the original Star Wars trilogy, far from being a galactic Savior, the 9 -year -old innocent player will in time become the merciless Dark Vador.
Complicating things in addition is a mysterious hooded figure, Dark Sidious, is at the origin of the commercial blockade and the invasion of Naboo, and sends a deadly apprentice, Dark Maul, to find and capture Queen Amidala.
While Amidala and the Jedi fight to save his planet, they must soon also face the mortal and relentless Dark Maul.
If the intrigue seems a bit complicated, this is the case.
The ghost threat introduces not only a previous generation of characters and an immediate crisis, but sets up the basics of events that will eventually lead to the fall of the Republic, the disappearance of Jedi Knights, Anakin's Tour towards Evil andThe rise in the dark empire of the original trilogy.
But the complexity is not overwhelming.
The story moves quickly, the only drawback being that many questions, predictablely, remain unanswered at the end of the film, preparing the field for the next episode.
One of the reasons why the story of the film seems to be misty is that it is too confusing, but too vague.
We do not know what story is the Phantom threat.
In the original trilogy, the films were clearly the story of Luke, with the stories centered on his growth from Farmboy to Rebel Hero to Jedi Knight.
But we do not know if this new film is the story or o of Anakin Bi-Wan's.
If this trilogy is centered on Anakin, it is a trembling foundation.
Lloyd, like many children actors, does not have the subtle theater skills of adult artists and, therefore, his character seems shallow and not very impressive.
On the screen, we do not see anything that suggests a dark side that hides under his little-garçon face, or elsewhere, any presence that would make him appear so special that Qui-Gon is ready to believe that he is "the one".
The rest of the distribution is doing well, although they often work with an uncertain dialogue of Lucas.
Neeson is perfect as an aging Jedi knight.
McGregor is well sunk as a goat and transmits a balance of young energy and calm sensitivity.
Portman corresponds to the role of a young queen, but her lines were often very formal, which gives her little room to give her a lot of personality.
The biggest problem with the ghost threat is not the intrigue or the characters, but the interaction between them.
Individually, the characters in this new film are no less developed than those of the original Star Wars, and the script is no more confusing than the previous films in the series.
But unlike the previous trilogy, Lucas does not do a job as well by playing the characters.
In Star Wars, there were immediate contrasts and memorable exchanges between Luke and Han, Han and Obi-Wan, and Leia and Luke.
The whole was played and immediately showed its distinct attitudes and personalities.
In the sequence of where Luke, Han and Chewbacca try to save Leia from his cell on the death star, the public learns a lot about the four characters of the way they react to the immediate problems and each other.
There is no comparable sequence in the ghost threat to expand the characters and their relationships with each other.
Individually, they are interesting characters with clear motivations and interests, but Lucas develops little chemistry or tension between them.
It may be the most blatant weakness of this film, and that is probably the reason why he disappointed many criticisms.
But despite the need for a richer dialogue and a stronger interaction of the characters, the film is always very engaging.
Many wonderful elements of the previous films of Lucas make the ghost threat both memorable and entertaining.
First, of course, the remarkably rich and imaginative universe that Lucas creates.
The characters visit the magic submarine cities, escape sea monsters the size of a dinosaur, fight battle droids and threatening "destroyers" on the planet with the Venetian aspect of Naboo, look at a spectacular event,Partly a Roman race, partly the NASCAR circuit, on the Aridde Tatooine deserted planet, then heads towards Corsuc, the Gothic urban capital of the Republic and housing the Galactic Senate and the Jedi Council.
Each location is developed and complex.
Lucas never settles for waves on the appearance of his parameters, he creates rich and spectacular landscapes, palaces and skylines.
Most of the new special effects in its special edition reissued trilogy in 1997 were changes that allowed it to give previous films the appearance that was not possible when the films were made.
More than ever, in this new film, the universe of Lucas is filled with a menagerie of creatures, robots with personalities and a cast of support for foreigners who interact with the main characters.
The best character of this type is Watto, a gourmet tatooine waste merchant who owns Anakin and his mother as a slaves.
Watto has a scratching Italian voice and a short and punchy body with strangely incompatible wings that float like a hummingbird while it floats in the room.
Of all the characters generated by computer of the film, Watto is best done and the most pleasant.
Speaking of characters generated by computer, no review of the ghost threat is complete without mentioning the most controversial figure in the film: Jar Jar Binks.
With more than 80 minutes of screen time, pot Jar is the realization of George Lucas's dream to include a character entirely generated by computer in the distribution of the new trilogy.
Jar Jar, an awkward amphibian and a member of the Gungan race, literally scrambles on the way to the Jedi Knights at the start of the film and becomes accidental accidental of who Jon.
Jar Jar generally plays a comic strip role in the film, lightening the scenes with his misadventures and his inability to avoid trouble.
Jar Jar's animation is almost transparent, and he interacts with the characters throughout the film as if he were really on the set with the actors.
However, despite the technological magic that makes his character possible, Jar Jar is not completely convincing.
He moves and looks too much like a cartoon to blend into a scene.
Throughout the film, Jar Jar never transcends a "Roger Rabbit" type presence.
You agree that he is there, but you never lose sight of the fact that he is an animated character.
At the start, I found Jar Jar boring, but I grew up to enjoy the humor he added to the film.
During my second preview of the film, Jar Jar was very fun and that didn't bother me at all.
A second reason why this film continues the beautiful tradition of Star Wars films is that the film is filled with humor and small details that the world Lucas creates.
Despite all the difficulties of the film between good and evil, and sober reflections on his destiny and "The Force", like all the films of Star Wars, The Phantom threatens is never taken too seriously.
Fortunately, Lucas has not lost sight of the fact that his films are entertainment, not a high art.
From the clumsy pot pot, to a team of advertisers with two heads, calling for action for the fascinating sequence of the film's pod-rapid, to an appearance by E.T.
In the film, The Phantom Threate is simply very fun, with a lot of half -hidden jokes and humor that can easily be missed.
And finally, the ghost threat works because, as in all its films, there is no shortage of speed and action.
From start to finish, there are light saber battles, styling prosecution and exciting duels between good and evil.
The pod race sequence on Tatooine is one of the most entertaining and exciting scenes of any star wars film, and the final confrontation between Obi-Wan, Qui-Gon and Dark Maul is undoubtedly the combat sequenceMore choreographed and the most exciting than Lucas Afilmé.
The ghost threat will not earn any major Oscars.
He will probably not break the record of the Titanic box office.
And it is not even the best film of Star Wars (I would put it third, after the original and the Empire struck).
But it is an exciting and entertaining film, much better than your typical summer blockbuster.
The film cannot live up to its media threw - no film, not even the original Star Wars, could have done so.
But it's always worth seeing ...
Probably more than once.