Mars attack!
 (1996) - C: Jack Nicholson, Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Martin Short, Danny Devito, Rod Steiger, Pierce Brosnan, Sarah Jessica Parker, Michael J.Fox, Jim Brown, Pam Grier, Joe Don Baker, Natalie Portman, ChristinaApplegate, Lisa Marie, Tom Jones.
This is the best film by director Tim Burton to date.
Many will compare this story of Martians who invade the earth on the day of independence, but even if the stories are similar, these are really two different films.
However, as a whole, Mars Attack is much more entertaining than ID4, and I loved Id4.
You really have to be in the right frame of mind to enjoy this film.
It is completely finished and different from everything you've ever seen.
Once the silver tone of the film is, it is easy to simply sit and throw logic through the window because logic and comedy just don't mix.
The intrigue is simple: the Martians invade the earth.
But it's different from any other invasion film.
Usually they are the bad extraterrestrials against heroic humans.
This time, however, they are the awkward extraterrestrials against humans just as clumsy.
The Martians, who are all generated by computer, are almost the funniest things that I have seen for a long time.
They look funny, they move funny and their "language" is hilarious.
and on special effects.
The effects of March attacks!
are almost the most impeccable that I have seen to date.
The computer animation of the Martians combined with the wacky personalities given to them make them appear 100% real.
There are only a few scenes that do not work, mainly those involving Sarah Jessica Parker and Pierce Brosnan aboard an extraterrestrial ship.
In addition, Glenn Close surfaces enormously in his very limited screen time, so much so that I applauded silently when his character meets his disappearance.
But there are a lot of laughter in the film, as I said, if you are in a good mood.
Could it have been funny?
certainly .
Was it pretty funny?
Yes .
Have I entertained?
absolutely .
On a personal note, I would like to thank who threw Rod Steiger (my favorite actor) in the film as General Decker, crazy.
Finally, after many very small pieces in direct garbage to video garbage and minor television roles, Steiger is back on the big screen in a real film that many people will see.
Although it does not have the type of role in which you can give a real "performance", it does the job well and has good lines of dialogue.
The public of preview with whom I saw the film really seemed to appreciate it.