* * * * * * Spoilers of minor traced in review * * * * * * * * * * * No major spoilers are reviewed * * * * *
The two previous "extraterrestrials" films each had their own unique styles.
Ridley Scott’s stranger was a stylistic suspense film.
The extraterrestrials of James Cameron were much more an action film.
And I liked each film separately for which it was.
Now Alien 3 has come out.
And it is his own film in the same law as Alien and Aliens were.
Unlike extraterrestrials, Alien 3 requires that you have seen extraterrestrials.
This is very important because the story takes exactly the extraterrestrials.
The survivors of the expedition to the LV-426 return home after having fought and beat the extraterrestrials.
The climate combat scene between Ripley and the extraterrestrial mother on the Sulaco in extraterrestrials left an element, an egg.
In the opening sequence, we see the hatching of the eggs, find his career, which leads to a fire aboard the Sulaco when the Facehugger is injured, led the Sulaco to abandon the hypersleep tubes in a escape ship.
This crash of ships lands on Fury 109.
Everyone in the ship is killed, with the exception of Ripley.
The Facehugger is dropped with them and survives the accident.
Fury 109 is an extensible / maximum safety extension.
Once closed, some of the life prisoners have decided to stay and live in the remaining years on the planet.
All prisoners have been men who have not seen a woman for many years.
Ripley's arrival triggers a problem with prisoners.
As for the new haircut that Ripley and the prisoner's sport, there is a lice infestation on the planet.
Being an ex-prison means that there is no way to get out of the planet and no weapons.
The prisoners and Ripley therefore left to face abroad by themselves.
I will not enter into the details, but you can guess what's going on here.
The stranger is loose and no one believes only the exceptional history of Ripley.
She finds comfort in the arms of the doctor of the colony.
Yes, after 57 years, Ripley has sex.
It's not free, in fact, we don't even see them kissing, but it's also good.
A sweaty sex scene would not have worked in the context of the film.
There are many more gores in Alien 3.
In fact, I suppose to say that there is more in Alien 3 than one of the previous two.
He also sports a new extraterrestrial with 4 legs!
I will not say how, but that leads us to believe some new things on the foreigner and its cycle, what I am sure will be explored in Alien 4.
Sigourney Weaver is back as Ripley and offers another excellent performance of this character.
His scene at Newt's autopsy is sufficient to garnish with another appointment to the Academy.
The rest of the distribution is also quite good.
In particular, Charles dances as a doctor with whom Ripley finds a momentary escape from Fury 109.
Alien 3 has a very distinct look.
This is largely due to its director, David Fincher.
M .FINCHER, who has so far has not carried out clips and advertisements, has done incredible work here.
His direction is excellent and gives life to this film in a way that no "extraterrestrial" film has previously.
To sir .Fincher, I see a long career prosperous in front of him.
Music was also carried out by a newcomer to the film industry.
Elliot Goldenthal created a deeply moving partition that lends itself to the claustrophobic framework in which the "Alien" series was put.
This time, the score is not so much a Star Trek II scam (Aliens de James Horner).
This partition sometimes has a choral backup and even lends itself to the old style of the Ennio Morricone score.
It is an excellent score.
The end to Alien 3 is quite good.
There were times when I thought Hollywood would arrive and crack, but he played very well.
I will not ruin the end for you.
Go see the film.
I consider that it is a much more involved film than all the other films released so far this season.
Alien 3 is a worthy successor to extraterrestrials and extraterrestrials.
And when they make an extraterrestrial 4, they may be able to find there And another new direction to take it.