"Six Days, Seven Nights" is a summer film that obtains the experience of the Deliciously Right Summer Film, a commendable success since the season was strewn with fairly unequal dishes.
Here is a really fun piece of down that knows it's plush, recognizes that it is stuffed animals and is certainly proud to be down.
Of course, the casting of Harrison Ford in the mainly comical main role plays an important role in the success of the film; Ford is such a concentrated dramatic actor that it is easy to forget how a funny guy he can be.
As a female counterpart, Anne Héche also deserves a big tap in her back for her sweet charismatic and clumsy performance.
The age difference (Ford 56, heche's 29) does not count - these two clicking in a loaded manner difficult to find.
History is obvious - Ford plays the role of Gruff but an aviator of the adorable island Quinn Harris, while Héche is editor -in -chief of New York magazine but adorable Robin Monroe.
Robin, on tropical vacation with Fianc? Frank (David Schwimmer), is assigned to supervise an emergency photo session in Tahiti nearby, so she reluctantly hires it to pilot it.
The plane crashed during a terrible storm, and they find themselves immediately stuck in a deserted paradise with few ideas to return to civilization.
A series of unpleasant and often hilarious disasters leaves little choice, but for the two members of this improbable improbable couple who falls for each other.
Meanwhile, returning to the complex, Frank is tempted by the female tagong of Quinn (Jacqueline Obradors).
This secondary intrigue obviously exists to make us hear for the Quinn-Robin couple, and although it makes some good laughs very early, it finally becomes an artificial distraction of the much more captivating misadventures of Quinn and Robin.
And since the film spends most of its time with the shipwrecked, this defect is only a minor drawback.
Director Ivan Reitman maintains the lively pace.
At a thin 101 minute, "Six Days, Seven Nights" never wear out his welcome, where a less film could have seemed as long as her title.
The intelligent scenario of Michael Browning allows many notable liners (my favorite, taken in context, is "you mean that the pirates _arrrgh_?"), And although it is essentially summed up with one incident after the other, they areall quite engaging.
Even the more "serious" moments of the film are played with a wink.
Héche was in the lower fire, namely whether her private life with Ellen Degeneres would affect or not the "credibility" of "six days, seven nights", a heterosexual appearance.
 (He is therefore a lesbian.
so what .
Make with.)
Of course, this is not the case, and here, his opponents have turned out to be wrong.
In fact, his chemistry with Ford is what really clicks on the film; these opposites attract with the greatest endearing electricity.
At one point, when the two discuss the probability of romantic interest, Héche asked Ford how old he is.
After several bad assumptions ("forty-five?
_cinquant_? "), He whispered his age.
 "You always look good," Balance heche.
 "I'm still good," says Ford.
It is also good, and together, they make "six days, seven nights" a memorable walk.