Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
Floating Life, the very first submission of Australia to the Academy of Arts and Sciences of the Academy of Cinematographic Films in the category of films of the best foreign language (its dialogue is in Cantonese, English and German), mark a special achievement by Clara Law.
A convincing film, sometimes poignant, he manages to maintain his veracity while vacillating between comedy and melodrama.
Floating life focuses on the feeling of dislocation and loss of identity of a Hong Kong family after having moved to Australia in order to avoid the communist control of Hong Kong, and is divided into clearly defined vignettes, eachChapter labeled with title cards concerning the houses, which to underline the theme of the film of the film.
The film opens with Mr. and Mme.CHAN (Edwin Pang, Cecilia Fong Sing Lee) and their two teenage sons (Toby Wong, Toby Chan) leaving the Metropolis Claustrophobe animated by Hong Kong to join their second daughter Bing (Annie Yip) in Australia.
With their new spacious and impeccably white house and the vast abundance of the district greenery, the songs initially find this new serene land a strange and wonderful land, and - with a neurotic bing about the possible dangers of Australian life (killer of killerDogs, toxicaraigned, dangerous ultraviolet rays) - frightening.
This sets up a wonderfully funny scene at the start of the film where the four immigrants, wanderedlessly wandered over their new suburban district, are sent rushing through the glaces of a small white puppy.
The tone put in place at the beginning of the film is largely comical, and we expect floating life to represent the shock of cultures while the songs fight to acclimatize to the new ways of Australian life while they are'Integrate in Australian society (a scene where the two teenage sons meet a neighborhood girl who is swaying), but the film suddenly turns into an introspective and melodramatic tone.
Floating life diverts the exploits of new immigrants and towards the domination of bing of his newly united family, establishing a set of strict and oppressive rules which create enormous tension in the household and threaten to fracture the family.
Meanwhile, the elderly girl Yen (Annette Shun Wah), fortunately settled in Germany with her husband and young daughter, begins to undergo an identity crisis, manifesting herself with her statements to her husband patiently exasperated that theirNew house is cursed with bad feng shui, and exacerbated more when hearing the family conflict below.
Among the dramatic sons of floating life, it may be the most effective and the most engaging, with an interesting set of characters and a scenario that generates a real emotional punch.
The erroneous vignette in floating life implies the eldest son Gar Ming (Anthony Wong), left in Hong Kong to resolve various cases on behalf of his family and wait for his immigration papers before joining his parents and brothers in Australia.
Emotionally detapled and derivative aimless, his unwavering character, and therefore subsequent attempts to develop the pathos are not influenced and ineffective.
His desperate research of emotional fulfillment is represented by the philosopical buzz on the exquisite peak of an orgasm, which quickly becomes tedious.
Ms. The Law film happily kisses the melodrama - each of the main vignettes presents excessively emotional views that I could not help find reminders of Wayne Wang to mistreat the Joy Luck Club - but despite the rather clear attemptsFrom the director to shoot the strings of the heart, I could not "help but be touched by a powerful soliloque and masterfully affecting by Cecilia Fong Sing Lee who really wraps an emotional Wallop and, in dramatic terms, is certainly the culminationfloating life e.
Floating life is sometimes too thin; given the myriad of characters involved, it could be to immerse yourself in each a little deeper sticker, to reduce its objective to a selected group of key characters.
However, it is a beautiful film, with a reflected and insightful scenario of Clara Law and her husband Eddie Ling-Christ Fong, and a superb game by a casting made up almost exclusively of non-actors (a special note must be made ofCecilia Fong Singlee, Annette Shun Wah and a short but dazzling performance of an actress who portrayed Gar Ming de Vancouver's girlfriend).
Floating life ultimately concerns the links that bind a family together, which are capable of resisting long distances and new environments.