The urban legend surprised me.
Based on the latest films that the genre produced (including but not exclusive to the tastes of I know what you have done last summer, a disturbing behavior and the halloween: H20), I was sure that Iwas in reserve for another slightly entertaining house but indicated and was really Boring of the Scream Phenomena.
Fortunately, the legend took place above his soggy premise to become not only hip entertainment, scary and elegant, but also what will probably become one of the best films of the year.
You all know the intrigue; a bunch of too excited adolescents are systematically massacred by a masked maniac whose identity is not revealed before the last moments of the film when it turns out that you guessed it; the veteraneveryone's favorite of Whodunit movies ... the
Only person you don't suspect!
However, it is not because legend does not really recruit ground with regard to literary or even technical achievements that this cannot be considered as first class entertainment.
It was, believe it or not, one of the funniest moments I had in the movies all year round.
The fact is that I don't really know what made this punch (forgive the word game) with such fresh and lively genre.
It was perhaps the above performance by the two tracks of the film (Jared Leto and the actress of "Cybil" Alicia Witt).
Or, it could have been the target direction of Jamie Blanks.
More likely, however, it was because of the inspired premise.
I do not think I need to tell you that a piracy killer of people from urban folklore is much more scary than a killer fisherman.
Urban Legend begins with a sequence that reminded me of the classic opening of the cries, not so much in the plot as in attention to details that makes an absolutely frightening teaser for the rest of the film.
A pretty young mix leads on a deserted road when (panting!) A gas problem (hee-hee) forces him to stop in an equally deserted service station for recharge.
A problem, however.
Would you like to stop at a station led by Brad Dourif?
I did not think .
As you would expect, the attendant ended up coaxing him in the main building to solve a problem with the credit card company.
It's strange, however, when you get a phone to realize that no one is on the other line.
Naturally, the potential victim escapes in his car and leaves.
And when we expect the least ... Whack !!!
decapitation.
It turns out that the scary attendant just tried to warn him of the maniac in the rear seat of the car.
So who is this time?
The obvious candidate is the slightly offbeat professor at the college to whom the daughter went (none other than Freddy Kruger himself, Robert Englund), who teaches a class on urban legends.
A-HA.
Or could it be the local journalist (Leto), renowned eager (Leto) in search of a fleshy story to put his CV?
Like all films of this nature, one of the main pleasures tries to guess Whodunit.
And it turns out that it is, of course, the one you do not suspect.
I will not pretend that urban legend is more than it is, but I have to give credit where credit is due.
And this film certainly deserves the merit of being what few other recent horror films have been ... fun.
 * Free cinema billet thanks to Valley Cinemas in Lodi, CA