This thing you do!
 (R) Beginning of scripting and director of Tom Hanks, this thing you do!, Has all the qualities that you associate with the most loved screen actor of the moment: fun, alive and oh-si-nice.
It is this last quality, however, which becomes an obstacle, because this trifle of nostalgia from the 60s is so beautiful and soft that it vacillates to become blantoast.
This thing focuses on wonders, a rock group for adolescents from Erie, Pennsylvania, which is suddenly put under national spotlights in 1964 when they mark a major dance hit called, of course, "That Thing You Do!""
The members of the group are, of course a diversified group: there is a singer and composer of tightening of brood Jimmy (Johnathon Schaech); Girl-Crazy Lenny (Steve Zahn), the main guitarist; a clumsy type and geek known only under theBassist name (Ethan Embry); and the film center, Guy (Tom Everett Scott), the drummer who has aspirations in jazz.
The wrinkle to success to the Wonders is the perpetually neglected galpal, Faye (Liv Tyler).
Hanks turns out to be a capable writer-director, skillfully recreating the innocent spirit of 1964, which Hanks calls "the last innocent year".
The mind is reflected not only in period clothes and parameters, but also in music, which, like the other recent musical film, Grace of My Heart, was expressly written for the film; Hanks himselfHad hand by writing four of the air - but not the infectious title cut by Adam Schlesinger, who is guaranteed to stay in your head long after the end credits ride (he still plays in my mind while I write this).
It is not surprising that Hanks the director works well with the actors, arousing a charming and friendly work of all the distribution, in particular Hanks Lookalike Scott and Tyler, who is remarkable to offer the biggest and best dramatic moment of the film.
The work of the young ensemble is so natural that they really agree that adolescents of the early 1960s; they do not seem to be grunge of the 90s by playing "retro".
However, for all the light and sparkling charms of this thing you do!, It's almost pleasant for a fault.
Although this frantic innocence in the film is a refreshing change compared to all the sinful cinema of these days, there is not enough conflict to keep things always interesting.
Everyone is so happy, rushing into the light of success overnight, amazing all this - except towards the end, but even then, the tone quickly returns to sweetness, ending on a note of well -beingappropriate.
There is not much advantage throughout this thing - the only thing that is attentive distance is the turn of Hanks as a manager of wonders - and thus becomes in danger of being so nice that it isis bland.
But a little kindness goes very far these days, and it is undeniable that you make the entertainment value of this thing !; It is almost impossible to hate.
It is a harmless and pleasant piece of nostalgia that is sure to leave the audience smiling and humming, if not sing "
Maybe for days.
To paraphrase a passage from the song: although I try to try to forget this song, it's so difficult to do every time they play "this thing you do!"