Look back all the time in your life where there was a fork on the path of the future.
A kind of decision had to be made and, for better or for worse, it has irrevocably modified the course of your existence.
> From time to time, everyone thinks of the roads of not taken and the way things could have taken place if the choice had been different.
Perhaps even more dizzying to contemplate is the way in which an apparently minor action - catching the train at 10 am, for example - could have an equally deep, but less obvious impact.
This may be where you met your significant other and, have you reached the platform a few seconds later?
The filmmakers are no less fascinated by the questions of destiny than anyone, and that is why there is no shortage of films on this subject.
The best in the group was probably produced by the late Polish director Krzysztof Kieslowski, who was obsessed with questions of destiny and chance.
These themes are spawning a path through several of his films, notably Decalyogue, the double life of Véronique and the triptych of blue, white and red.
However, they are very explicitly examined in a 1981 film called Blind Chance, where Kieslowski presents the three different releases from a man after a minor action (missing or catching a train) changes the course of his life.
In his autobiography, Kieslowski on Kieslowski, the director describes his attraction for the concept in this way: "[The idea is] rich and interesting? That every day we are faced with a choice that could end our life, whichWe 're is not aware. "
Although this approach was the fodder of several notable dramatic films (in particular, in a way, it's a Wonderful Life) by Frank Capra), Sliding Doors is the first romantic comedy to lead its depths.
The "Road Not Taked" approach is not only a conspiracy device either.
The writer / director Peter Howitt develops the two possible spells of a character after she is missing / takes a train.
The public looks, with a constantly increasing fascination, how this event an impact on all aspects of her life: her future career, where she lives, that she loves and if she has a family.
While her separate destinations diverge and then reworked, she becomes two completely different individuals.
This woman is Helen, played by Gwyneth Paltrow as a long British with black hair.
One day, after losing her job as director of advertising, she decides to go home in the middle of the day.
The Pivot moment scene is a train platform.
In scenario n ° 1, it slips through the sliding doors before the train withdraws from the station.
On board, she meets the joyful and talkative James (John Hannah), a fan of Monty Python who is taken with her beauty.
A few minutes later, in her apartment, she entered her lover, Gerry (John Lynch), in bed with another woman (Jeanne Tripplehorn).
In scenario 2, it misses the train and, shortly after, the victim of an attempted assault.
She does not meet James and fails to go home in time to discover the infidelity of Gerry.
Juxtaposed against each other, while sharing many places, signals and characters, the two stories take place from there.
At a level, for viewers who like to think about the functioning of fate, sliding doors can be considered a deep and wonderful experience.
But, for those who just appreciate a romantic comedy characterized by a solid game, a script with a few twists and a lot of really funny equipment, the sliding doors are always suitable for the bill.
One of its most obvious forces is that it can satisfy many different types of audiences - those who demand something substantial from their films, and those who care less.
It should not be surprising that the game, at least from three of the four tracks, is solid.
Paltrow, who does double duty as two helens who are initially the same, but gradually become very different, is the star .
She plays her two roles effectively and in a credible way - the shy and unsafe woman who remains with Gerry and the liberation and blonde from the platinum that separates links with her old life and embarks on a new career with a new man.
John Hannah, known to most American viewers as the youngest gay character in four weddings and funeral, is instantly sympathetic.
John Lynch, taking a break in the films on Ireland's problems, does a good job by presenting Gerry as an inept selfish philander.
Only Jeanne Tripplehorn, who plays an exaggerated fox, seems out of words.
His attempts at broad comedy are sometimes shocked, and it is sometimes difficult to see her Lydia as something other than an element of the plot.
A member of the support distribution deserves a special opinion.
Douglas Mcferran, who embodies the best friend of Gerry, Russell, is an absolute delight, flying each scene in which he is.
Part of this is surely because it has the best lines in the film.
On an occasion, he has a wonderful monologue deploring how the progress of the telecommunications industry trapped men in a monogamy life.
On another occasion, while laughing at the fate of Gerry with the women of his life, he comments: "Being with you is waiting for the next episode of the more bearable Seinfeld."
But that's not all in dialogue.
Mcferran is tearing himself apart in this part with Relish; his performance becomes one of the most memorable aspects of a first -rate comedy.
This is the first feature film for Peter Howitt, and he approaches the task with an impeccable plumb.
The script is clever and inventive, combining spirit, romance and intelligent melodrama in a pleasant whole.
The sliding doors, however, give more than a good time to the cinema.
For those who are so inclined, its central theme offers the opportunity to think about some of the most philosophical questions about the functioning of the universe - while spending a good time.