"Psycho meets the exorcist without grip".
A presentation text like this looks like a desperate advertisement for a little short-budget rupture.
But no, this sticky cap comes from the poster of Suspiria, perhaps the most successful film of the Italian horror director Dario Argento.
What impresses the most to look at this supernatural supernatural thriller is that the Flair of Argento director and the elegant visuals are accompanied by an almost coherent story.
The scenarios have always been his Achilles heel; confused secondary intrigues, gaping holes, incidents and completely illogical reactions.
No question: Argento has always been a better director than a writer.
Fortunately, he obtained the conspiracy fairly well with Suspiria, inspired by a book by Thomas de Quincey entitled "Suspiria de Profundis".
The film script does not suffer from any major touch in logic, provided that one can accept the premise of a ballet school being a front for a witch clan.
Jessica Harper plays an American who goes to Germany to continue his dance studies.
Arriving at school late at night in the rain of Driving, she sees a girl leaving and running in the storm in a clear state in distress.
What is happening then - and I do not make the comparison lightly - is a sequence of murder which, for the intensity, the shock value and the director of director, ranks alongside the infamous famous shower sceneAlfred Hitchcock in Psycho.
It is probably a tribute to Hitchcock, but with its baroque sets, graphic gore and its brilliantly chaotic musical accompaniment of the Gothic Gothic group Gothic, this amazing sequence remains very clean Argento.
Although nothing else is quite equal to the intensity of the 15 -minute opening of Suspiria, the film continues never to be cheaper than Harper begins his own investigations and slowly goes to realize than thisis not an ordinary ballet school.
We meet an assortment of slightly sinister characters, notably the chief ballet teacher played by Alida Valli in another of these delicious roles of Matriarch-de-Hell she does so well.
Several other violent murders ensue, including a surprising scene in a desert square where there is a blind ... Well, I wouldn't want to spoil things now, isn't it? And the culmination of the film, staged in the middle of the secret corridors and hidden pieces, has a most impressive Gothic gholes.
The English language versions of most of the Argento films generally suffer from the cut, and not only for violence - deep red and phenomena, for example, were breathtaking.
Fortunately, the Suspiria cuts (about 7 minutes in this version) did not affect the film.
The dubbing of Italian actors in English is also quite competent, with the exception of a terrible effort and involuntarily hilarious with a conversation between Harper and a teacher on the history of witchcraft in the region.
And the soundtrack?
It is interesting to imagine what power the film would have lost if he had been marked by someone else.
In the current state of things, the use of Goblin's music in Suspiria is exceptional.
Apparently Argento played the soundtrack on site during the shooting so that the actors could hear the music when they played their games.
A stereo video player greatly adds to the overall spectator experience.
Even better, see Suspiria in a cinema, where you will get the additional bonus of the wide screen.
And the colors!
Deep red, strange blues, superb use of shadow and contrast.
The cinematography of Luciano Tovoli, whose most recent credits include the inversion of fortune and a single white woman, is uniformly superb.
A sign of the head must also go to the production creator Giuseppe Bassan for his wonderful baroque interiors.
These types of contexts are crucial for the atmosphere of the more surreal excursions of Argento, the other most notable example being Inferno (1980) on which Bassan also worked.
Suspiria is the film that broke Dario Argento in the Major L Eague of European directors, and it fully deserves its cult status.
The blood is sometimes a little excessive and overestimated - which has always been one of the Gaps of Argento - but overall, it is a fascinating and convincing example of Italian horror.