I was born in 1970, which barely makes me old enough to remember Bell buttons, 8 tracks and disco.
However, since I was 17, I saw more than my share of adult films.
I only mention it because I think it is important to say in advance that I am not against Pornogrpahy.
I saw enough of these films to find out the content and quality range available.
The Boogie nights of director Paul Thomas Anderson offer us a view of the world of porn during the period considered as the golden age of adult cinema, from the middle to the end of the 1970s.
It was the period when the films classified X were real films, shot on the film, shown in cinemas and even examined by legitimate criticism.
It was an age when pornographic directors aspired to make often educational innovative films, films that tried to tell a real story.
One of the most fascinating aspects of this film is how, as in another billion dollars industry, creative visionaries tend to ignore the trends that will soon make them obsolete.
In this case, the arrival of the now omnipresent videocassette.
Burt Reynold manages to resuscitate his career representing such an author, known as Jack Horner.
Horner's has a regular "family" of artists, some of whom live in their L. Un .Maison plush.
But in the porn world, artists are a frewer commodity, the better.
When Horner scouts a fresh stallion bus tables with his favorite nightclub, he decides to add it to his stable.
It is a pairing that leads to a dazzling rise and falls for a young man reaching his peak and an old man quickly accelerating his.
As indicated by Anderson, the camera moves through many scenes with a strange omnipresence and an almost childish curiosity to look beyond the closed door.
BOOGIE NIGHTS offers a voyeuristic glance in the belly of L. A hardcore film.
But the Peep spectacle does not let us distance ourselves at the end of the titillation.
The drawback of voyeurism is sometimes that we end up seeing things we want we do not have.
According to the final image of the film, what we once found in titillating has now become a dark recall of the vanity of fame and the high price of the realization of your dreams.
Boogie Nights is not a matter of sex.
It does not glorify porn or the lifestyles of artists.
In fact, the film does not concern pornography at all.
Pornography is only the decor to tell a convincing story on a lost and forgotten group of people who form their own subculture to find the acceptance of who they are.
The film goes to brilliant lengths, often hilarious and sometimes painful to show us that people who choose to produce or play in these films are generally not so brilliant and do not have the basic tools to function in the big worldaudience.
However, as in the rented Tarantino films, these people always have their own moral code, their own concepts of integrity and their own needs for themselves experimenting in a creative way.
The characters we meet are like a roadmap for the Dysfent.
First judgment, Den's mother (Julianne Moore) in the denial of her cocaine dependence as she tries to keep her son's guard.
Second stop, the Cocu crew (William H
But the driving force behind the plot is Eddie Adams, 17 years old.
Eddie is fortunate to have a natural endowment so famous that people really pay just to see him.
Without a real ambition, he connects with Jack Horner to fill his fate with fame.
His alcoholic mother, clearly dissatisfied with his own fate, abuse him verbally and brings him out of the house.
Horner presents Amber Waves (Moore) who immediately adopts him, a nuclear family was born.
The substitution relationship that develops between the waves of amber and its "babies" provides some of the most poignant scenes of the films.
clear Ly, she is not even able to manage her own life, not to mention the lost children.
But the need to love and be loved is so strong that they easily ignore the dangers of dependence that it presents to them.
Even the spectator is sort of rocked to feel that the love she offers is similar to being in a real family.
Again, it may not be at all so different from real families.
Eddie Adams, who later takes the name of the "Dirk Diggler" screen, is skillfully played by the former pop star, Mark Wahlberg.
I say "old" pop star because with this performance, Wahlberg can officially leave his day job.
It is a bold and courageous territory for such a young man.
He removes it wonderfully.
Wahlberg is a "big and brilliant star" with a great brilliant future.
Boogie Nights plays a lot in the mind of the people against Larry Flynt, without the preaching of the first amendment.
His intimate studies on the character make it the superior film.
Wahlberg's surprising performance is tied with Woody Harrelson.
But in my opinion, Boogie Nights is not the best film of the year.
I had the impression that the ITUS 2 1/2 hour could have been reduced by 15 or 20 minutes without losing any of its resonance.
However, if the subject of this film intimidates you, there is no doubt that once you start to watch Boogie nights, you can always have the impression that it is not your thing, but youull find youAnyway ... you
Know, a bit as a disco.