Capsule: a rock and roll fable, indeed.
Like a Hubert Selby, Jr. A novel filtered equally Damon Runyan and Bruce Springsteen, and a ton of pleasure.
The streets of fire present themselves as "a rock and roll fable", and the description is perfect.
This is an elegant, superb and very pleasant film that looks like a Hubert Selby, Jr., a novel with a rewriting by Damon Runyan, irection by Bruce Springsteen.
Noir is one of the few kinds of truly American films, apart from the Hollywood musical and the West.
It is black Brooklyn after the Second World War, for lack of a better label, with a generous injection of rock 'n roll and a versatile conflict attitude.
Everything is working.
The intrigue is simplicity itself: the rocker Ellen Aim (Diane Lane) is kidnapped by a vicious street gang, led by a bloodthirsty comrade named Raven (Willem Dafoe, very mean).
His former soldier Flame (played by Michael Pare) returns to town to save her, but does not count on a whole bunch of things that take place.
This is the whole plot, with the exception of the spats with the manager of Ellen (a hilarious rick moranis), a meeting with a group of organic that ends up becoming the act of support of EllenAnd a whole gang of other funny little touches.
But in films like this, when is the intrigue important?
The film is all style, all the visuals and attitudes, the target lines and the posture - and it provides all these things in a coherent way and with a big brilliance and a rhythm.
No wonder it was produced by Walter Hill (48 hours), which perfectly includes this type of macho romanticism, and has set up a film which is a mixture of times and sensitivities, but perfectly unified.
When will go back the last time you could say something like that about a film, in particular a film where it seems that someone is ready on the jaw ( * and * vanishes) every 2.63 minutes atmoment?
Streets of Fire is not the biggest film ever made, but it occupies a completely unique little niche and likes the position it has.
Anyone who has a weakness for Doo-Wop, Neon, Motorcycles, Rainy Streets, The El, Studebakers, Gang Pictures, Heroes Solitary and a beautiful girl who gives the Microphone the two lungs will eat this film.
I did it .