In recent years, Harrison Ford has been such a serious screen presence, marrying in the tastes of the Jack Ryan series of Tom Clancy, _The_fugitive_, and last year _Air_force_one_, which one wonders if the charm thatmade him such a superstar had been completely drained.
Apparently it was just dormant.
With the comedy / pleasant romantic adventure of Ivan Reitman _Six_Days, _seven_nights_, the adorable scoundrel is back, giving the public a new reminder of the reason why Ford is one of the most durable modern screen icons and themore popular.
Ford plays Quinn Harris, a carefree and slightly Sobby pilot (with the descent) in the tropics whose broken down plane crashes in a storm, he and his charter, the editor of the New York magazine, Robin Monroe (Anne heche), on a desert island.
Of course, the sophisticated Robin and the salt-inf-Terre disagree well before the downplace the plane, and all kinds of hostile districts are exchanged between the two of their first meeting.
While some lines fall flat, the formula movements work due to the unexpected electric chemistry between Ford and Héche.
The two actors, who have largely made serious works lately, seem to be released by the lack of dramatic weight on their shoulders, and they deliver their zincs, as weak as they are sometimes, with the attractive abandonment.
Naturally, there is nothing like a fatal crisis to bring together two people, and the heating of Quinn and Robin is even more accelerated by the arrival of certain blood pirates.
Certainly, some conflicts were to be introduced on the island, but thislifted development of the writer Michael Browning is a little too visibly thrown in order to add free action scenes.
But the goal is to bring the two together, and their new affection causes complications for both, but especially Robin, who came to the on vacation islands with his fiancé Frank (David Schwimmer), who frantically waited for his return to the islandoriginal.
Reitman, and a reliable old hand among windy comedies, maintains the lively rhythm and manages the most oriented sequences towards action.
His great accomplishment, however, brings back the old smiling Ford.
As attractive and charismatic as it is always, Ford has not been as charming and affable for years; he obviously has fun, and the public cannot help but have one with him.
Holding his is Héche, whose disjointed character never becomes the ninny howling that she initially promises to be (while the plane descends, she frantically bursts from stressful pills).
She can take her lumps, physical and others, as well as Quinn, which makes it a great flower and an ideal match.
Formula and light as a feather, _Six_Days, _seven_nights_ could be cited as a classic example of the lack of substance of the "Pop-Corn" film season.
It is certainly down, but it is unpretentious, not very demanding, and the most important - end -to -go toilet that descend as easily as a sparkling pina colada on a sweet tropical beach.
Pass the popcorn.