It's a happy new year if you want a lot of science fiction on your multiplex.
> Comedies Mars Attack and men in black, to the powerful The Fifth Element of Luc Besson, and to that, science fiction / horror which is Horizon Event.
 (The more on the way with contact and alien: Rexurement is published later this year.)
The story is therefore: in 2040, an explorer ship called the Horizon event tests a newly invented gravity reader.
A device that allows a job to travel anywhere in the universe, instantly.
This is done by creating a bridge, in fact, a black hole, between the trade and its required destination.
In this case, from near Neptune to Proxima premium.
However, when the horizon of the event tries this, it dissuades itself, without trace, leaving two research without fruitful.
Seven years later, he reappears, transmitted a distress signal and that's where the film begins.
A research and rescue ship is sent to investigate.
The team is led by Laurence Fishburne, and join them is Sam Neill who plays the scientist who invented the Drive Gravity.
While the team searches the horizon of the event, they find no trace of the crew but a lot of blood drags.
Not a good sign ...
To make things worse, while they search the ship, they find themselves subject to a series of illusions according to their own individual interior secrets and worseil years ago.
It quickly becomes obvious that, wherever the ship went, it bought something with it.
Something very, very bad ...
The first thing you will notice in this film is that these are incredible visual effects.
They are really eyes, with superb models to start.
The game is quite good, with some occasional moments of mind.
Sam Neill does a good job as a scientist who becomes more and more disturbed as research continues, but a tip of the hat goes to Laurence Fishburne who directs the team, cool, calm, do not take any waynot sensitive.
It is his acting skills that help maintain this film together.
The idea behind Event Horizon is certainly good.
It starts incredibly well, but the central section becomes quite confused and sometimes confused, leaving the spectator uncertain about the reasons behind some of the bloody and bizarre events that occur.
However, the 20 -minute fence of the film compensate more than that, producing one of the most bitten bite (or in my case, the straw of my biting drink!)
Climaxes that I recently witnessed.
Overall, Event Horizon is indeed an intelligent film.
It's very pleasant and has incredible visuals.
But be warned, the horror scenes, despite their very brief, are very, very bloody.
Not for the snake!