Contact (PG) A moment ago at the end of the contact of Robert Zemeckis where I was told why I started writing film reviews in the first place.
We see a scientist, dressed in a silver space costume, temporarily walking on a narrow gateway leading inside a compact spherical spatial pod, ignoring what awaits when the ball is literally falls.
Anticipation, excitement, anxiety, fear - the public experiences all emotional tension with the character, nervously, eager to see what awaits us.
It is this feeling of discovery, whose anticipation and its accompanying exaltation, which makes this adaptation of the novel by Carl Sagan, a magic and captivating entertainment.
Jodie Foster embodies Dr.ellie Arway, a brilliant astronomer who devotes his whole life to the search for space for extraterrestrial radio signals.
And I mean life - after losing all her family when she was young, the only thing that occupies Ellie's world is this quest to discover life beyond this earth.
After having treated with great skepticism on the part of government representatives and rich financiers, Ellie receives her justification when she stumbles on an incoming radio transmission from the distant star Vega, which includes instructions on the construction of interstellar transport.
From this synopsis, contact does not seem too different for most films on extraterrestrial contact, but there is much more in this intelligent film than science fiction hook.
The extraterrestrial contact angle generates a large amount of suspense and fear, but perhaps more than anything else, contact is a study of Ellie character, whose obsession with empirical and scientific evidence has erased all beliefsin a higher power.
Irony is that, while admitting that she has no religious faith, she retains her belief in extraterrestrial life with such a passion and conviction that she becomes, in a sense, a religion in its own right.
It would be easy for scriptors James V.hart and Michael Goldenberg, trying to paint a positive image of heroin, to defend her scientific beliefs on religious beliefs, but they wisely avoid easy responses, giving equal time to the twoSides and, in doing so, represent Ellie as not completely healthy.
In the end, there is no good or evil, and there is also no side which is more positive in the other, even slightly - there are only two points ofVery viable view, each with their own merits, each with the Leurdéfauts.
Ellie's complex role is the dream of an actress, and Foster, a virtual shoo-in for another Oscar appointment of the best actress next year, more than the challenge.
It transmits intelligence, determination, heat and, in a daring movement, always on the edge.
We are looking for Ellie and feel for her, but we also sometimes think that she is going too far.
Contact is clearly Foster's vehicle, but others have the chance to shine in smaller roles.
Matthew McConaughey, who receives a scandalously high invoicing for his small role, herself herself as a religious counterpoint to Ellie, spiritual scholar and government advisor Palmer Joss (however, his main story, the Provisional Romance Palmer-Ellie, is the sub-subThe lowest plot of the film).
John Hurt is actually frightening like art.
Hadden, the rich eccentric that provides Ellie for its research funding.
Angela Bassett continues to impress in her role as a bit as a white house Rachel Constantine.
The most memorable of all, however, are Tom Skerritt and James Woods, who play a rival scientist Dr.David Drumlin and the national security advisor Michael Litz, respectively; the two, in particular Skerritt, embody these characters of assholes that thepublic whistled almost each of their appearances.
Zemeckis comes out of his three -year -old break in great shape.
Always known as the director of extravagance loaded with effects, it is not surprising that the visual contact effects are quite amazing.
The central space trip is More than a little recalls the end of 2001: an odyssey of space, but with a more advanced technology at its disposal, the trip of Zemeckis is even more tripping than the Stanley Kubrick even more wonderfully pure.
And Zemeckis does not resist the urge to use the effect of the foot of an incorporation of incorrect always interesting, which is just as transparent here as in Forrest Gump.
The effects, however, are limited to a few scenes that and clearly no longer take sieges with drama, emotion and pure wonder, which Zemeckis has proven to be fairly fit for Gump.
That said a lot that, in a summer science fiction film like this, it is not so much the effects that remain with you as the drama and the problems that are raised.
The contact of more than two hours which stimulates reflection is a change of rhythm very welcome compared to the obvious summer, but the fact that it is an intelligent film does not mean that it is notno longer entertaining.
For all the interesting questions he poses, the film is always what it is sold as - "a journey to the heart of the universe".
And what a fascinating and unforgettable journey it is.