Did Claus von Bulow try to kill his wife Sunny in their Newport manor?
This is the reversal of the fortune question asks you to consider when it opens in a hospital room, with a von Bulow, a comatous sun.
She is the main narrator of the film, in a narrative tip that was extraordinarily risky for Schroeder.
The dramatic tip works, while Sunny von Bulow tells a fascinating story of murder, sex, misfortune and a moral dilemma of a lawyer when he takes a case that he thinks that he does not be able to win.
Jeremy Irons is Claus von Bulow, in his best role, and one of the most perverse performances in history.
He is as hated as any living man, as cold as a cucumber.
His remorse for his wife's comatose state are nonexistent, and it is not surprising that even his children find it difficult to accept her version of what happened at Christmas 1980.
The context of the case is such.
During Christmas 1979, Sunny von Bulow fell into a deep coma from which she recovered and woke up.
The same situation occurred in 1980, only Sunny has never woken up, and probably never will.
When examined, it was found that she had 14 times the normal quantity of insulin in her blood.
Claus Von Bulow is then accused of attempted murder by his stepson, sentenced and released on bail.
He immediately hires Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Renwed law professor, to pay him.
Ron Silver is magnificent as a moral lawyer who cannot bear what happened to him.
We follow it through two very different cases; the case of the Johnson case, where two innocent children stand in the death corridor for a crime they did not commit, and von Bulow, that he n'has still not understood.
Dershowitz does not know what happened to Sunny, and he hesitates extremely to take the matter.
Nevertheless, he does so, on the basis of certain things that happen during the investigation process that has profoundly upset him.
With a group of law students, Dershowitz deck a defense and finally obtain the reverse verdict.
Silver's performance is part of a handful of solid roles in this deep film.
Schroeder directs at many different levels, with several intrigues that mix wonderfully in the spirit of Alan Dershowitz.
There are faults; sometimes the film becomes too theatrical.
However, due to Glenn closed's troubled and brutally honest performance as Sunny von Bulow, the use of his comatose body as a narrator works fairly well here.
The flashbacks are good, but sometimes Schroeder does not fill the whites.
The film could have benefited from the increased attention of certain developments during the film, and it could have used a better end.
The film progressed wonderfully before ending suddenly, without any intelligent conclusion.
Support characters are often overlooked, and the Dershowitz team should have been allowed to develop characters, but Schroeder is too involved in the story and the characters.
However, despite all these faults, the film is deeply absorbed by irons.
As von Bulow, he is brutally bad.
Antisetic, harmful, arrogant, protective, he is a rotten and mental monster, whose conviction may have been legally wrong, but morally it was to blame.
On the other hand, it plays it with a cold perfection, with pathetic attempts to obtain moral support for its claims in innocence.
He is an adulterous liar and a cheating which, in all likelihood, committed the murder.
However, the genius of the inversion of fortune comes in its distinction between moral guilt and legal responsibility.
There is no doubt that Von Bulow is responsible for the death of his wife by years of negligence and coldness.
However, legally, did he make the murder?
Schroeder dares the spectator to decide.
With all defects of character, the inversion of fortune is a captivating puzzle because it is intelligent; it wants the spectator to decide.
Schroeder tauges the spectator with contradictory revelations, then mentions that the response to This convincing puzzle will be revealed when we join Sunny von Bulow, in death.
For all failed dramatic theaters, it is the one that works wonderfully.
We don't know what happened.
This feeling of legal ambiguity, as well as the obvious moral guilt of Von Bulow, is the reason why the reversal fortune works.
In the end, Von Bulow is still as sadistic.
Irons is obsessive, and that is why the inversion of fortune is so good.