Jerry Springer has nothing on "wild things".
John Mcnaughton's new thriller tackles more Tawdry themes in less than two hours than the notoriously shady talk shows of Springer in two weeks - bisexuality, three years, frights by the pool, Bimbos rich in slut, even RedneckGator-Wrestling, they are all part of the bimbos of the film, even Redneck Gator-Wrestling, they are all part of the bimbos of the film, even Redneck Gator-Wrestling, they are all part of the bimbos of the film, even Redneck Gator-Wrestling, theyare all part of the film in the film of the Rauque and complex films.
But even the Topic TV TV cannot train "Wild Things" - this Crazy Campfest plays as something you would find late in the American network, only infinitely more pleasant to taste and with a solid overall distribution.
Despite a handful of unnecessary scenes (most of them of a sexual nature), there is a nasty pleasure to have here.
 The "wild things" would be a guilty pleasure, but there is no feeling of guilt involved in the right time with it.
Secondary orientation advisor Sam Lombardo (Matt Dillon) is well appreciated in the city of Blue Bay, in particular by the pretty and popular Kelly Van Ryan (Denise Richards), whose family name is among the most prominent of theFlorida Yachting Enclave.
Hoping to pass his crush on a physical level, Kelly slips in a attractive way into the house of Lombardo after having washed his Jeep for a fundraising, but, the next day, admits in tears to his mother Trollop (Theresa Russell) thatShe was raped.
Before a long time, detectives from Blue Bay Ray Duquette (Kevin Bacon) and Gloria Perez (Daphne Rubin-Vega) listen to similar allegations of the rebel classmate of Kelly, Suzie Toller (Neve Campbell).
Lombardo, who maintains his innocence, hires the avocado in neck sport, Ken Bowden (Bill Murray) to defend him in court.
The previews offer the following revelations, so if you have not seen any of the film's places on television or the theater, you may want to go to the next paragraph.
While countering Suzie on the stand of witnesses, Bowden makes her decompose and admit that the alleged rapes never took place - that Kelly had concocted all this plan because she was angry that Lombardo sleeps with her motherand not with her.
To pay Lombardo for damages, Kelly's mother breaks her daughter's trigger fund and gives her $ 8 .5 million.
But Lombardo, Kelly and Suzie all work together, and plan to take the money and run as fast as they can.
Duquette and Perez, however, begin to suspect that there are more cases in the case than false accusations.
If there is a major drawback for "wild things", it is because it is excessive to a fault.
Menage-a-Trois, in the Menage-A-Tal, very discreet between Dillon, Campbell and Richards is a deactivation.
It is also interrupted (sorry, guys), and should have been cut shorter - the film stops too often for pure titillation.
What we do not see is much more effective than what we do.
Another example of this is Kevin Bacon who is unnecessarily full monty in a shower scene.
Uh, no thanks.
In addition, Duquette de Bacon feels simultaneously underdeveloped and crushed.
Daphne Rubin-Vega, of "Broadway's" Back ", tries to compensate for a superfluous character.
Theresa Russell is simply made of wood.
And when, in the end, everything is open in the open air, ask yourself if some scenes involving these were really necessary.
But what prevents the film from being disposable is a committing channel of surprises (some predictable, others not) that never seem to end.
 "Wild Things" has more twists and turns than a box full of corkscrew, and most are so cheerful, too nasty that you cannot help being charmed by their absurd staging.
A large part of the fun has also just looked Bill Murray in a sustained part which seems to have been written for his sly comic talent; Murray is a point, especially when he stops next to the Limousine Van Ryan after winningThe case of Lombardo and return them.
And do not leave when the closing credits have come out of the screen, or you will miss the best part of the film - Four bonus flashbacks which smoothed on the intrigue holes while offering a few more tours, plus a final scene that poses everything with a dizzying bomb.
Speaking of bombs, Denise Richards, who plays almost all the scene of a blue bikini top, makes the teenager teasing with a malicious look that she has never been allowed to display in "Starship Troopers".
Matt Dillon flexes his sex appeal in a sleeping voice and makes personality changes with chameleonic precision.
Neve Campbell, charming only, except when it has a blonde wig, gives Suzie a vengeful vulnerability which makes it the most interesting member of the conspirable trio.
Reissued and attenuated a little, the dynamic between these three actors could have brought the film to more lengths.
But what we are given works fairly well.
 "Wild Things" is very entertaining and, in fact, very wild.