James L.Brooks, one of the developers of the Simpsons and director of Broadcast News, returns to the big screen with this entertaining, but slightly defective comedy.
Nicholson plays Melvin Udall, probably the most horrible person of all time on the screen.
He is racist, homophobic and never has a good word to tell anyone.
So no one speaks to him, except the waitress Carol Conelly (t. V
Sitcom Star Hunt, which was seen for the last time in Twister, 1996).
Naturally, Udall, Conelly and the Gay neighbor Simon Bishop (Kinnear) that Nicholson hates, all struck at the end.
Like Good Will Hunting (1997) and Titanic (1997), even if the result is completely obvious, so good is a pleasant, funny and warm comedy.
Nicholson is hilarious as Melvin, producing insults with a superb delight.
Only Nicholson could get away with the lines that Melvin offers.
Hunt is also good as a Carol waitress, and easily takes up Nicholson's challenge.
There is also (fortunately) a little chemistry between them.
Kinnear, as a gay neighbor, seems to have a slightly subscribed role, it is more a convitity by the intrigue than a character.
Although his performance is good, his character just seems to exist to help Melvin and Carol come together.
In fact, the Stealer scene is Simon's dog, which is funnier than Nicholson.
But then again, pets are always cute on the screen.
Cuba Gooding is Cuba Gooding, Jnr (Jerry Maguire, 1996) and Treardly Smith (which is the voice of Lisa Simpsons in the Simpsons) although Gooding is not as good as the character of Maguire, he is always fun.
He exaggerates a little, but not so much to be boring.
Smith is also good, although she has a fairly small role.
Even director Lawrence Kasdan (Body Heat, 1981) appears as a doctor.
But it is mainly the film of Nicholsons, and each scene in which it is, it flies it.
He is so hateful, however, it is incredible that anyone speaks to him at all, especially Carol.
And this is the main problem of films.
It is totally incredible that Carol plans to love Melvin.
She does not fall in love with him naturally, the film forces him to fall in love with him.
In addition, the character of Melvins seems to go too nice, too quickly.
I would doubt anyone with a character like Melvins could come back to a pleasant and loving person.
It would take long, much longer that this film would not want to manage.
Brooks management is good, however, if a little average, but it usually manages to remove an emotion from the public.
He manages comedy scenes better than sentimental scenes (he tends to accumulate on a lot of Schmaltz) but generally he is good.
There is also a beautiful soundtrack by the veteran Hans Zimmer composer.
But, in general, as well as it gets what it aims to do, which is to make the public feel good at the end of the film.
The film is a little too long, but Nicholson is so fun that the operating time passes fairly quickly.
Overall, as well as it gets is a fun film, even if it can be incredible, and is certainly worth seeing (so just for the performance of Jack Nicholsons.)
Not as good as possible (forgive the bad joke), but always very fun.