One of the best films I have ever seen.
I had heard extremely good things about this film, and although the previews did not really intrigue so much, it was a film that I have been waiting for a few months now.
For any reason, I am not sure of - this film was not so important in the U.S. This was a final success with criticism, but did not have exactly established files at the box office.
After seeing this film incredibly well made, written and played, I can't help but ask myself - why?
The strength of this film is its grainy realism.
The main characters are all human with individual faults, no Hollywood heroes of the stereo type.
You may not agree with many of their actions in the film or their approach to life, but that is what makes it so real.
I expected that this film was more a drama than a thriller, but I was wrong.
Even the interrogation scenes have moved to such a rate so that it feels as exciting as any car prosecution.
and the end ...... whoa.
I have never seen a film in my life where everyone acts brilliantly.
The three male tracks - Guy Pearce, Kevin Spacey and Russell Crowe are simply great.
The "best actor" Oscar Talk surrounding this film should have made a statue, but there is a problem there.
How could they have chosen between these three actors?
There is no way that I could watch this film and say that one of them was better than the other two.
it's impossible .
Kim Basinger's performance is also a revelation.
I had never been a big fan of his before and I always thought she was, well ... What is the word - a Twinky?
This impression changed because it completed Crowe and Pearce perfectly.
The depth of the story and the characters is really amazing.
No cardboard characters here.
The plot is full of very intelligent twists and sequences.
Pearce's question of three separate suspects is simply brilliant.
I really can't blame this film at all.
I was so happy to see Pearce and Crowe of Australian compatriots in such a breathtaking film.
I was very familiar with Russell Crowe before his many Australian films, but I had not seen much Guy Pearce.
I intend to change this the next time I will visit the video store :)