"Gattaca" represents a solid pierced in the recent assault of science fiction films - it is a gender image that does not rely on extraterrestrial creatures or noisy explosions to tell its story.
The film takes place in a futuristic world where babies are created by genetic falsification and not sexual reproduction.
This allows parents to predetermine what type of eye color, intelligence and life they want for their child, and also eliminates most of the annoying chances of health defects.
Those who have done the old way are labeled as "valid" and confined to the lower scale of society.
Vincent Freeman (Ethan Hawke) is one of these people, born shortly before the genetic process was perfected and forced to grow in a house with his young brother of Petrie Dish Mound Anton.
In tired of being in second order and delighted by the dreams of traveling one day in space, Vincent leaves the house and takes a concierge position at the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation.
Every day, he looks at "superior" people make his fantasy a reality.
Determined to do the same, Vincent meets a DNA broker (Tony Shalhoub in a funny cameo) which sells false identities to the valids.
His counterpart for this scam is Jerome Morrow (Jude Law), an ex-athlete left paralyzed in an accident and confined to a rolling chair for life.
For a prize and the promise of a goalkeeper, Jerome provides Vincent his identity, as well as samples of blood, skin and urine for all these annoying tests during employment and physical exams - this future is thatwhere the employees are in a train pricking their fingers instead of hitting a time card.
Due to her radically improved status, Vincent is quickly propelled to a high position in Gattaca, and draws the attention of the ideal girlfriend Irene (Uma Thurman) on the way - obsessed with her own minor heart defect, she is in love with herImpeccable personSona that she does not know is a lie.
But on the figure watch of his next planetary departure, the director of the mission is murdered.
Two ardent detectives (Alan Arkin and Loren Dean de Billy Bathgate) determine that the killer is inside Gattaca, and the only clue they find at crime - one of Vincent's eyelashes - threatens toJump the blanket of Vincent and derail his goal.
Even if "Gattaca" was radically empty, it would always praise a sublime set of production identification - the look of the film is dazzling without ever being flashy.
The first director / writer Andrew Niccol (he also wrote the script for Jim Carrey's next drama "The Truman Show") demonstrates a lively eye for the elegant; his collaboration with the director of photography Slawomir Idziak, the production creatorJan Roelfs and the designer of Costumes Colleen Atwood lead to a sophisticated composition which emanates a retro chic atmosphere.
A sequence of opening credits - where skin fragments, nails and hair falls into slow motion through a colorful camera lens - displays these talents combined in a strange way.
Niccol even uses the narration of the voiceover (a device almost always poorly used) effectively.
Regarding the theater, the film is also impeccable.
Ethan Hawke does a magnificent job, proving his ability to wear a film and reaffirm his extremely high level of charisma.
His chemistry with Thurman is a bit on the frozen side, but necessarily, adding to the clinical cold of the frame.
As Jérôme Amer, Jude Law has a starry presence, and it is his scenes with Hawke that give the film its beautiful emotional nucleus.
In the series of final photos of "Gattaca", the fate of Vincent and Jérôme is bunk on each other, and the effect is sad, lyrical and beautiful.
Things become a little strange as the film approaches his culmination, when Vincent's relationship with his brother returns in sight.
The great dramatic culmination point is a swimming race, which is a bit silly although beautifully photographed.
However, the most surprising aspect of Gattaca is its use o FEART DE TETOR - It is a successful science fiction without showy special effects, it is a net thriller with strong sensations focused on the characters, it is a futuristic fable without blood or boots.
Even his mystery of murder is relegated to a secondary secondary intrigue, ensuring that an intelligent story on intelligent people and intelligent science occupies the front of the stage.
Although its representation of the coming century is dark, "Gattaca" serves one of the most stimulating societal forecasts ever represented on the film.