Whenever the writer / director Robert Altman works in a specific genre, he tends to rewrite it in his own terms.
He returned the West Salting in "McCabe and Mme. Miller" (1971), he parodied hard detective stories in "The Long Goodbye" (1973), and he transformed a cartoon into flesh and blood with "Popeye "(1980).
The same goes for his latest film, "The Gingerbread Man", which reinvents a genre that has developed at an exponential pace in the past five years: the film John Grisham.
As "The Gingerbread Man" was completed, there was very little evidence that it was never based on a story of Grisham.
There is no idealist young lawyer Ala Tom Cruise, Matthew McConaughey, Chris O'Donnell or Matt Damon, and he does not present a great force in a courtroom.
Instead of being a big ode to the powers of the legal profession, "The Gingerbread Man" is a black Gothic thriller soaked in rain with extremely eccentric characters, a twisted intrigue, black humor, a somewhat dark end,And even a female altman's full -fledged female.
The central character of the film is Rick Magruder, who does not look like any of the other heroes of Grisham.
He is older, experienced and rich; he drives a Mercedes at $ 80,000 Cherry red who never get dirty, even in constantly pouring rain from Savannah, in Georgia, where history takes place.
Rick is in the middle of an ugly divorce with his wife, Leeanne (Famke Janssen), and he can rarely see his two children, Jeff (Jesse James) and Libby (Mae Whitman).
A reason is never given for divorce, but it is not difficult to assume that the feminization of Rick was a large part.
Whenever he is late to pick up children on tour days, Leeanne always assumes that it is because he has "screwed up".
After an office celebration celebrating another of his victories in justice (he has not lost eight years), Rick gets involved with Mallory Doss (Embeth Davidtz), one of the catering waitresses.
He returns it to her house because her car was stolen, and they find themselves in bed together.
Rick discovers that Mallory is terrorized and tracked down by his slightly psychotic father, Dixon Doss (Robert Duvall), an old Grungy man, stringy and barefoot who directs a commune of other fatty codgers.
It was actually Dixon who stole his car that night, and when Rick asks why, Mallory replies that he is still doing "strange" things like that.
As another character says, Dixon is "a few beers short of Six-Pack".
Rick ends up convincing Mallory to have Dixon brought to justice and judged for skills.
He succeeds with information determined by Clyde Pell, a private investigating friend (Robert Downey Jr.), and the testimony of the ex-husband with Drying of Mallory, Pete Randle (Tom Berenger).
Dixon is placed in a psychiatric hospital, but his friends in the town manage to break it.
From there, the story plunges into the abduction, the murder, the double cross and even a hurricane which adds a disturbing cloud of constant violence to the action.
Altman's director of photography, Changwei Gu, gives the film a dark and soaked look.
If it's not at night, at least it rains.
Gu draws the interiors, which are almost all dark wooden woodwork, with a minimum of light.
A large part of the action takes place in the backwoods in leafy georgia, which Altman uses to create an acute feeling of terror and vulnerability.
In the city, there is enough danger, but when Rick has to venture into the woods, you can almost feel it leaves all hope of civilization while it literally enters another world.
Altman worked in almost all imaginable genres, from westerns to epic dramas, including comedies.
But, whatever the genre, it is always sure to give it the Altman stamp, which generally consists of all kinds of idiosyncratic quirks and small details which are often missed without repeated views.
 "Gingerbread Man "is no different, although his style is much more limited here.
However, without these small touches, the film could easily have light in an action / routine thriller.
A large part of the merit of the success of the film can be given to the actors, in particular Branagh, which rarely works outside the periods of the period and its own direction.
Here, the British actor constantly maintains a drawing of the southern usable, while making an essentially despicable character interesting and sympathetic.
Rick is an extremely imperfect man, but Branaugh brings real humanity to his character.
Without that, the whole film would fall flat because a large part depends on the public feeling the pain and frustration of Rick.
Support actors also organized great performances, including Embeth Davidtz, which is probably better known for its heartbreaking role of Jewish maid in "Schindler's List" (1993).
Tom Berenger offers gruff comic relief, and Robert Duvall spends most of his time on the screen that looks weird.
It does not seem that he does a lot because he has very little spoken dialogue, but look at him closely during the stage of the audience room of the film: all his performance is in his eyes and his body language,And few actors could have removed it without an idiotic or authoritarian being.
Although "The Gingerbread Man" is not in the league with the greatest works of Altman as "Nashville" (1975) or "The Player" (1992), it is nevertheless a solid cinema film, whichCan prove to be a successful vehicle to restart its somewhat late career.
Some criticisms like to stamp films like this like "commercial", as if Altman could only maintain artistic integrity if his films were aiming for a small audience and do not earn money.
Altman did something much better: he took what could have been a generic film, and by investing artistic talent and efforts, he did something more.