This film is based on the 1960s Campy television show under the same appellation.
Please note, most people (including yours really) who will see this film will have seen no episode of the original series.
The film is really independent in this regard.
The Robinson family ... lost in space.
Land: located in the year 2058, the Robinson family is chosen to navigate space in search of other planets that could contain the natural resources that the land needs in order to survive its future.
A colonization process, if you want.
They are joined by Pilot West (Leblanc) and Evil Uninvited Stowaway (Oldman), who does not want to see the trip end on a successful tip.
Finally, their trek turns badly, and all are "lost in space".
 "How to go back to earth?"
is the question that infes the rest of this science fiction epic.
Critality: This film reminded me a lot of the fifth element (6. 5/10) from the summer of 1997.
It is a film with a lot of flash, but very little real substance.
Admittedly, there is no boring character like Chris Tucker of the other film, but this film works a little too long and lost me with regard to its complex scenario of time / multidimensional travel.
That said, the special effects of this film were incredible, and the general aspect was also much higher than average.
You really felt like you are in the future and ride in space with these poor souls.
Unfortunately for this chosen family, their 10-year-old son is the smartest in the group, and the father is too wrapped in his work to notice the rest of his family (never heard this one?
yawn !).
The game is ok, and I was particularly surprised at the solid performance of Matt Leblanc from the friend of the television which shows us everything that he is definitely more than a pretty face.
On the side, the family riff-rap which crosses most of the image is lame and takes time (even if we must give them credit for having "tried" to develop characters on a science fiction photo),The script is said to follow, the evil character in the film said in fact to the people that he is "bad", and the film lasts about 20 minutes too much.
On the smooth side, many of the special effects are really cool (the sequence in which the family is "paralyzed" during the hyper-drive is great, and the animated monkey who joins the family halfway through the cop is veryCool), the presentation of credit at the end of the film slap, and the adventures in which they fall are somewhat exciting (I also admit that "in one way or another", they made me semi-Tying near the conclusion of this image ...
Oddness .....).
Overall, if you are a big fan of sciences the video in order to pass some of the boring pieces.
Unknown facts: this film will always remain in memories like the film which struck Titanic (7/10) from first place to the box office after 15 consecutive weeks in number.
Garry Oldman is British and was married to Uma Thurman for about six months.
Mimi Rogers was Tom Cruise's first wife.