Brian Depalma needs a blow * really * badly.
Since he marked great with the untouchables in 1987, Depalma has experienced victims of war, raising Cain and in particular the disastrous joy fire of vanities has stopped in flames.
Consequently, it would be quite easy to consider the way Carlito is as a clever commercial choice for Depalma, to retain with Al Pacino (Scarface) and to return to the Gangland field which gave its two greatest successes to the box office.
This does not hurt anything that he hung on a solid story and has highlighted Pacino and Sean Penn dynamite performance.
The Carlito Way, although embarrassed by the characteristic excesses of Depalma and stylistic cannibalism, is a truly tense and captivating drama.
Carlito Brigante (Pacino) is a long -standing criminal who finds herself unexpectedly giving a second chance.
In 1975, Carlito was released from prison after serving only five years with a sentence of thirty years when his conviction was canceled on technicality.
He declared himself reformed, tired of life in the streets and determined to realize his simple dream to buy in a rental car company in the Bahamas.
Among those who find this conversion difficult to believe are David Kleinfeld (Penn), the twisted lawyer and childhood friend of Carlito and the bodyguard Pachanga (Luis Guzman).
Carlito rediscovers Old Flame Gail (Penelope Ann Miller), and seems ready to retire in peace.
The old ways die hard, however, and the old partners draw Carlito step by step in a life that he does not seem to shake.
The Carlito path will probably make the strongest impression with the two exceptional sets that undertake the film.
In the first, Carlito accompanies his young cousin on a drug purchase who will have any person with a pulse on the edge of their headquarters; the film ends with an equally exciting pursuit in the New York metro and Grand Central Station.
The two highlight the gift of Depalma for the choreographed choreography, and these are not the only occasions when stage blood flows freely.
However, for all viscera, I found the study of character even more convincing.
Carlito Brigante has a lot of Michael Corleone in him, an aging gangster trying without success to go legitimate.
But where the culmination of the Saga of the godfather played as Opera, there is more immediacy in Carlito, a sense of unhappiness always present launched by the title sequence which puts in motion the history of flashback.
You feel that there is no way, after so many years, that Carlito can avoid trouble.
Indeed, he observes that his attempt at a straight life depends on time than a change of heart: "You do not reform; you are not lacking in wind."
Pacino captures the dilemma of Carlito with surprising subtlety and the prudent observation spent from years of experience by looking at each corner for an enemy.
Sean Penn is even better, achieving its best performance to date as Kleinfeld.
Jew in the world of Puerto Rican and Italian Wiseguys, Kleinfeld is a stranger with a huge chip on his shoulder.
It could have been simply pathetic, a big drinker and a cocaine drug addict playing hard with the guys who come out of his league, but Penn invests Kleinfeld with enormous nervous energy and an overwhelming survival instinct.
He shows a man moving regularly to the edge, which makes the moment when he spends enough to shake.
As convincing as the story is, viewers can feel a deep feeling of already seen.
Depalma continues to shamelessly steal from other directors, this time adding Scorsese to his repertoire with a follow -up point of view and a Copacabana scene with more than similarities that pass to GoodFellas.
He even recycles some of his own previous plagiarisms, such as a 360 degree swing around a kiss (vertigo via the double body) and the culminating shooting that will hit a lot as too much recalling the sequence of the station of the Untouchable station.
From the point of view of history, there is a compulsory love story with a cliché In the character of girlfriend who has been suffering for a long time.
Penelope Ann Miller is a good but limited actor who does nothing new with the role, and ultimately she just becomes a distraction, has never integrated enough into history.
However, it is easier to forgive superficial defects when the backbone is so solid.
The two main characters held an iron grip on my attention, a whole cinematographic flight in the world could not break.
Carlito's Way plays like a tragic novel: deliberate, confident and powerful.
Those who are ready to grant its trends to the extreme should be well rewarded.