Apollo 13 is simply one of the most dramatic films this summer (apart from Braveheart Swashbuckling).
The director (and the former actor) Ron Howard (Splash, Backdraft, Far & Away), the most famous for its dramatic realization, again displays its shine in the creation of drama and suspense in Apollo 13.
Being the second greatest success at the box office in the United States this summer (with more than $ 150 million in the United States only), this film is its most successful effort to date.
Perhaps one of the most attractive features of this film is the basin of talented actors such as Tom Hanks (Gump himself), Kevin Bacon (Footloose, Tremors, some good men, etc.), Gary Sinise(Forrest Gump), Bill Paxton (Aliens, True Lies, Boxe Helena) and Ed Harris (The Abyss, Just Cause) ..
Who have all given good performance in their respective roles.
Apollo 13 was the second worst accident to have taken place in the history of the American space flight (the worst being the accident of Challenger).
Jim Lovell (Hanks), the commander of the mission, with his crew, Fred Haise (Paxton) and the last minute replacement Tom Swigert (Bacon) are put to the last test when part of their command module explodes the thirdMission day, more than three -quarters of the way to the moon.
The suspense and the drama ensue while the three men are left in space with their spacecraft out of control and the problem of surviving the return trip ...
If they ever reach him.
Ed Harris and Gary Sinise who play, respectively, the man in charge of all the control of the mission and the astronaut who was to fly but who was diagnosed with measles, both plunged superbly in their roles.
The public is shown the chaotic and disturbing state of the whole crew of soil control, while they are frantically trying to find ideas on how to save the astronauts of traffic in space.
In addition, there is a number of real information on the news that was disseminated during the accident that brought the whole American nation to 5 days in theater in 1970.
The special effects of the digital domain are up to par and the music is very suitable for suspense and drama, thanks to the Maestro-Musique of film James Horner.
Beware of the launch sequence, it is simply one of the most breathtaking scenes in the film.
A bad point however: Apollo 13 offers a lot of technical jargon and many physics concepts in his script.
Those who consider themselves "scientifically illiterate" could have a slight problem to understand what caused this and what caused this during the program.
It is however, just a minor point, simply forget all these technical bullshit and immerse yourself in the drama and the suspense throughout the film.
You should appreciate it.