While waiting for the station near the start of Fury, Joe says: "After all, we are human. '
In the context of the events to be sweated, Joe's line is prophetic, prefiguring the internal conflict of the protagonist in the second half of the film.
Does human being necessarily imply human behavior?
By the baseness of the human character illustrated in the formation of a crowd, Fritz Lang encourages the spectator to wonder if our inclination towards impulsiveness replaces our civility.
Expressing his horror towards the rise of Nazism in his homeland, Lang takes great care to create a feeling of discomfort during the hysteria of the crowd.
In the scene by prefating the lynching, the crowd reaches a critical mass at the bar.
The Meyers deputy is brought as an exalted informator, but when he is unable to increase the myth of the crowd of Joe, he is quickly given up from his position of gossip in the city.
We see in a blow where two customers of the bar argue that the MP nervously looks at the growing monster, then slips carefully out of the bar.
What is discreetly horrible is the realization of the public and the deputy that the crowd no longer exists within the limits of reason and succumbed to what the hairdresser called the impulse.
Which was formerly excitement for the deputy turned into fear with the awareness that he is now helpless.
For the public, the quiet outing of the deputy is heard with his own feeling of discomfort as crescendos delirium de la crowd.
Lang educates this discomfort not by the movement of the camera, but rather its immobility.
The composition of the cliché places the equidistant public and directly in front of the pair of arguments customers and the deputy indeed becomes a mirror for our own apprehensions.
While the intensity of the crowd closes around the Meyers deputy, he also does it around the spectator.
The stationary camera of this photo increases our fears because when the deputy escapes, we are deserted by our reflection and the spectator becomes the only owner of sensitivity among a swarm of irrationality.
Because the camera does not follow the movement of the deputy, we end up with an amplified perception of desertion and vulnerability.
As the bar scene progresses, the camera makes a scinat at 180 degrees to reveal the fury of the crowd.
This photo is unique because it is a photo from a point of view where the public, not a character in the film is the subject.
While a long, or a singing stroke can objectively reveal the size of the crowd, the panoramic of the belly of the crowd distorts the spatial reference of the public and exaggerates the claustrophobia of the scene; we believe that we are at the epicenterof something infinitely large.
We see plans close to the faces of people, distorted by their rage.
With the pivot of the pan being in the center of the crowd and angry members in a short radius of the pan, Lang offers the spectator a feeling of what is to be the subject of a lynching.
In this photo, the public is at the mercy of the crowd; Lang's camera makes us feel vulnerable and helpless as Joe had to feel in prison.
In a sense, it must have been what Lang felt when he saw his compatriots surmounted with an unjustifiable hatred towards their own humanity.
Lang's observations on his compatriot succumbing to the behavior of the crowd left him an indelible image of malicious human behavior.
While Joe faces his danger, trapped in his burning cell, his rainbow dog rushes alongside him.
Lang makes Rainbow a martyr to contrast his humanity against the carelessness of his human counterparts.
Using his camera to create plans that cause disturbing images of the crowd mentality, Lang portrays the volatility and "impulse" of man towards an inconceivable cruelty.
By taking up the line of Joe at the station, we are induced to wonder why our primitive impulses so easily transcend our humanity.