Slavery is bad.
After hundreds of years, we finally understood it.
This almost universal belief is the strength and weakness of the latest "serious" film by director Steven Spielberg.
At the end of the 1830s, a Portuguese slave ship carried a cargo of black men and women kidnapped from their home to the west coast of Africa in Cuba to be sold in slavery.
Fifty-three of them are filled in the "Amistad" (of a Spanish word for "friendship") by their new Spanish owners.
Freeing himself from his channels, Senge Pieh (Djimon Hounsou), renowned Cinque by his masters, leads a bloody revolt.
After killing most of the crew, Africans force the remaining sailors to return them home - at least they think so.
Instead, the ship is heading to the United States.
The Amistad is embarked by an American naval ship and the revolutionaries are tried in Connecticut for murder and hacking.
The legal question becomes that they rightly fight for their freedom or are they property.
If they are goods, who do they belong to?
their masters?
The Spanish government?
The recovery rights of officers who captured the ship?
The US government?
Defenders are pawns in several games.
The Abolitionists Theodore Joadson (Morgan Freeman) and Lewis Tappan (Stellan Skarsgard) want to release them, but Tappan mainly considers them as a means of continuing the cause.
Their lawyer Roger Baldwin (Matthew McConaughey) considers the case as a simple property rights and a chance to make his share of legal costs.
Southern South Carolina Senator John C.Calhoun (Arliss Howard) continues the case for the political advancement of the southern states.
President Martin Van Buren (Nigel Hawthorne) is willing to force the result for his own political ends.
When the verdict seeks to release Africans, Van Buren replaces the judge with another sympathetic to his wishes.
Even it does not work and the new judge releases victims of kidnapping.
At the request of Calhoun, the president then called on the case to the Supreme Court, populated by a majority of slave owners.
This little -known incident (try to find it in any text book) of the American past would have taken a darker path without the former president John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins) who is convinced to plead the case before the courtyardsupreme.
The problem of slavery is easy pickin for Spielberg.
Like his "Shindler list" (which followed "Jurassic Park" because it follows "Lost World"), the moral sides are not difficult to choose.
The Nazis and slave traders: the two treat groups of others as less than human.
It is not difficult to see who are the bad guys.
Without this question to think, the director's work is more difficult.
He must make history interesting.
Mostly succeeds.
The visual aspect of the film is beyond the reproach.
Where the film falls is a little more subtle.
There are very few _People_ in the tale.
In fact, Cinque is the only character who is expanded.
Tappan and Joadson are "abolitionists": symbols but not human.
Van Buren is a weak politician but nothing else.
The rest of the "slaves" just exist other than dressing for the whole.
Like many other movies on people of color, almost all the main players are white.
The salvation of the film lies in the acting force of all the people involved and the powerful presence of Hounsou.
The first major role of the old model is a winner.
Not to mention more than five English words, it transmits more emotion than most actors with a thousand lines of dialogue.
The other stands out is Hopkins who seems to have a career by depicting the American presidents (he also played the title role in "Nixon").
The speech passionate about the old man who hides and that rationality is among the best drama in the audience room on the screen.
There are other great moments.
especially Esicially impressive are the struggle of Africa to understand what is happening in the strange land.
Their interpretation of the Bible based solely on images and their own experiences is poignant.
As great as the epic, it would have more impact if it has focused more on experience from the point of view of Africans.
More humanity in the fight for humanity would have made a four -star film.
 (Michael Redman has written this column for a very long time and has just seen some 1998 films.)