When people talk about good weather, they really want to make the bad times more beautiful.
A fine example of such behavior is the contemporary attitude of popular media towards the 1970s.
For new generations, supersévances are the lost golden age of chic fashion, cult television shows and sexual freedom without control by AIDS.
For people who were to really live in this period, it was the dark decade, marked by lost ideals of 1968, inflation and creeping unemployment, international terrorism, the fuel crisis and the loss of faith in almost allWhat the previous generation represented.
The feelings of despair and nihilism have found its reflections in many films of that time.
Martin Scorsese's taxi driver, who symbolizes both the glory and despair of the 70s, is the most famous of all.
The film's protagonist is Travis Bickle (Robert de Niro), the 26 -year -old former sailor who takes the work of taxi driver in New York because he cannot sleep at night.
The work has it exposed to the dark side of the apocalyptic megalopolis, and Travis is gradually alienated from the rest of the world.
The only luminous point in her life is Betsy (Cybil Sheperd), an attractive woman working in the presidential campaign of the Palantine senator.
Their date ends like a humiliating fiasco because Travis makes a fatal error by inviting it to the porn cinema.
Losing your only link with a better side of the world, Travis gradually descends in psychosis, becoming convinced that his mission in life is to fight foam in the street.
He buys a formidable arsenal of firearms and begins physical preparations for the inevitable conflict.
This conflict finally comes when he is personally interested in Iris (Jodie Foster), a 12 -year -old prostitute who temporarily took refuge in her taxi.
Like many major films that have obtained cult status over the years, Taxi Driver has become the subject of numerous interpretations.
For certain criticisms and scholars, it is an exploration of universal subjects which date back to Dostyevski - loss of moral compass in a dark reality of dirty and overcrowded industrial cities; history could have been established in the 19th century as in our time.
For others, the film uses a Raskolnikov type figure in order to represent burning problems of America in the 1970s - its apparent inability to deal with the consequences of rapid social changes that have occurred in the previous decade.
A brilliant performance by Robert de Niro in the role of a life can give arguments for both sides.
His Bickle Travis has a lot in common with most of today's average viewers - many of us share our feelings of isolation, loneliness and indignation towards crime, drugs, prostitution and violence ofinsane street.
His pathetic attempts to establish a kind of human bond with the people around him, sometimes in most unusual circumstances - as with the secret service agents, the pimps or the investigators - make him a person too clumsy to be theHero, and too pathetic to be classic.
However, most of the average viewers are judicious enough to recognize the tin line that separates the citizens concerned or the troubled souls of the fanatics.
But despite anything, the average spectator at the end applauds actually shot - his crusade against "foam" is something that the average person wants, but has no stomach / lack of brain to do it.
While Travis de Niro could enter and get out of special moments and places, other people who appear in the film (mainly played by the actors of the character) gave him a sensitive sensation of the 1970s.
Wizzard (played by Peter Boyle) presents the only link with the best American past; but only because he is the oldest taxi driver in the company and therefore everyone assumes that he "knows things".
His obvious insufficiency by giving travis advice in difficulty illustrates the inability of generations before the 1960s to find answers to the problems of the dark decade.
Other characters, however, show the bad side of the new age.
mat EW "Sport" (Keitel, who became friends with real pimps in others to prepare for his role of life) is dressed like a hippie; Iris has found an excuse for her escape in the world ofChildren's drugs and prostitution in a counter-culture ideology.
Porn films, which should be the element of the new time of sexual freedom, are too much for the so-called "liberated" Betsy.
Even politicians, like the Palantine senator, are lost in the post-Vietnam and post-watergate mess; his wide and insane "messages" that cover the lack of serious program cannot even deceive such idiots like Travis.
The past has disappeared, the present is bad, and even the future seems dark, and the feeling of pessimism cannot be carried away even by a happy ironic end.
Travis and his world found themselves in a desperate situation, and Martin Scorsese uses the best of his cinematographic skills in order to overthrow the darkness of Schrader scenario in the silver screen.
The city of New York in the night is described as a hell on earth, and the red light and the steam coming out of the sewers give it a surreal, almost stygian atmosphere.
Another important element of the atmosphere is the score of Great Bernard Herrman, whose effective use of jazz elements gives a melancholy which softens the brutality of the film.
One of the largest Ironies in Taxi Driver is the fact that the film was, like its protagonist, famous for bad reason.
Instead of receiving the status of worship because of its artistic merits, for many years, it was the massacre in tabloid because of Hinckley and its real reconstruction of events in the film.
Now, more than two decades later, when some other incidents "imitating art" attract more attention, we can finally enjoy a taxi driver in all his artistic glory.