Driving Miss Daisy takes her soft time to tell a little intimate story.
It's a calm film, a slow film, a deliberate film.
But if you are patient, the film offers countless awards, such as a pair of guaranteed performance by Morgan Freeman and Jessica Tandy.
Miss Daisy's driving is based on the winning game of Pulitzer in Pulitzer from Alfred Uhry of the same name, which opened in New York four years ago.
The play has collected international renown with productions in Chicago, Los Angeles, London, Vienna, Norway and the Soviet Union.
Uhry himself wrote the scenario of the cinematographic adaptation of Driving Miss Daisy; he also wrote the wonderful sleeper, Mystic Pizza.
The film, like the play, takes place in Atlanta, in Georgia, and it revolves around two people in their twilight years: a grumpy and 70 -year -old Jewish widow who feels guilty of his wealth and a black man of 60years that becomes his driver.
The film is based on the character, rather than on the plot, to propel action.
In fact, the film has no perceptible intrigue in the traditional sense; it does not present a linear story in which all the scenes flow together.
On the contrary, the driving of Miss Daisy is made up of routine activities of daily life: shopping, listening to the radio, visiting the cemetery, eating fried chicken, etc.
The film also fits into the real events of the history of Atlanta history, including the 1958 temple bombing (the oldest Jewish congregation in the city) and a 1965 ceremony honoring the Reverend Dr.MartinLuther King Jr.
The story begins in 1948 with Daisy (Tandy) crashed and destroy her packard as she withdraws from her aisle.
The insurance company cancels its insurance and his son, Boiele, decides to hire him a driver.
Freeman, resuming his role in the room, plays the driver, Hoke.
The film tells the warm friendship which flourishes slowly but surely between the driver and his reluctant passenger.
Driving Miss Daisy is a film on human nature, aging, prejudices and many other things, but more than anything, it is a relationship: the one that extends over 25 years, 4 cars, l'Advent of civil rights and a seriously important 33cent of salmon cane.
Daisy is voluntary and established in her ways, and, from the start, she is completely opposed to the idea of having a driver.
At the start, she treats Hoke with contempt, refusing to let him drive it anywhere.
Once it has mounted in the car, Daisy is the last back driver.
To worsen things, she is extremely aware of what others might think if they saw her being escorted in town by a hired hand.
Finally, however, Daisy is worn out by Hoke's good humor charm and infectious joy; she softens and opens to him.
Tandy plays the role of Daisy extremely well, but unfortunately, this fiery and acieurian character is just an overly trivial Smidgen.
We have seen this woman countless times before in other incarnations, from Golden Pond to Cocoon.
Nevertheless, Tandy manages to put a personal stamp on the familiar character to create your own.
Freeman, like Hoke, on the other hand, gives the most distinctive of the two performances.
There is something deeply moving in the way Hoke maintains his pride and dignity in a society that forbids him to use public rest rooms because of his skin color.
Hoke is without instruction and illiterate, but Freeman always suggests that there is something more to this man, an inner force under the simpleston outside.
Freeman and Tandy seem to be in their element, in full command of their natural charisma.
They flirt with the camera and dominate the scenes without openly attracting attention to themselves.
They bring a light touch to their humorous jokes and the soft humor of the film.
At the same time, Tandy and Freeman offer more than a few moments of really poignment Drama in the ant.
In his dramatic first role, Dan Aykroyd is surprisingly joufflu and unexpected as a bodie, loving son and patient of Tandy.
The drama seems to agree with Aykroyd; taking a break in comedy seems to be a good decision for the actor, especially when you consider the miserable comedies he made recently (Ghostbusters II, The Great Outdoors, my Belle-mother is an extraterrestrial).
The only other important characters in the film are the governess of Daisy, Idella, wonderfully played by Esther Rolle ("Good Times"), and the pretentious wife of Boolie, played by Patti Lupone.
Under the direction of Bruce Beresford (Crimes of the Heart, Tender Mercies), driving Miss Daisy seems a little stagnated from time to time.
But fortunately, Beresford never forgets that he is shooting a film, and consequently, he offers many striking cinematographic touches, such as magnificent plans of flowers, trees and tomatoes.
By adapting Miss Daisy from the scene to the screen, the filmmakers obtained delicate subtlety.
Uhry understands that what his characters do not say can be just as important as they say.
Beresford wisely exercises restraint in the dramatic moments of the film.
The film takes you to the heart, but it never goes for the jugular.
The only sap of Miss Daisy's conduct is in the trees.