After the medium mouse hunting, the small silly soldiers and the entertaining Antz, DreamWorks tries again with the children's films market with this amazing adaptation of the history of Moses.
As the film warns us at the beginning, it is not the whole story, and certain freedoms have been taken, but generally this biblical story that we know and all love, featuring burning bushes, the plagues and theseparation of the Red Sea.
The only thing that is missing is Charlton Heston.
Instead, we get Val Kilmer expressing Moses, a Hebrew who is placed in a river by her mother and saved by the Queen of Egypt (Helen Mirren.)
We display several years to see Moses and Brother Rames (Fiennes) all adults.
Moses soon discovers from his brother and sister Miriam and Aaron (Sandra Bullock and Jeff Goldblum) that he is not really the son of the Pharaoh Seti (Patrick Stewart) and that it is his destiny to release the Hebrews from the tyrannical Egyptians.
He soon poses on this subject, with his wife Tzipporah (Michelle Pfeiffer.)
Rumes and his two wizard friends (expressed by Steve Martin and Martin Short) try to prevent Moses from finishing his task.
Although the plot is familiar and somewhat exciting for adults, for children raised on Aladdin and Hercules, this film could be the most divine thing they have ever seen.
No more fast and standard humor, easy to follow the plot.
But, spectacularly, and at the credit of DreamWorks, almost all the children of the public have been captivated by the history and the events that occur on the screen.
Jeffrey Katzenberg, who produced this film, certainly knows how to keep an interested child.
He included songs in the film, as well as comedy and a fascinating chariot, to keep the children interested.
And in one way or another, itself and the directors always manage to pass the whole drama and the intensity of the story, without ever being boring.
It is a remarkable achievement.
The animation is also remarkable, which shame Hercules, an almost "slap dash" effort.
Drawing on the hand drawn and computer animation, the backgrounds and the characters are incredibly detailed.
The film seems a little caught up in its incredible visuals by showing many radical visuals and "moving", but they seem incredible.
The last "plague" where God kills each child first born, and the separation of the Red Sea must be seen.
Bravo to the animators.
Vocal talent is also very good.
Val Kilmer is doing a good job like Moses (although he does not sing)) and Ralph Fiennes is superb as trains (and he sings.)
Sandra Bullock and Jeff Goldblum are great, and Steve Martin and Martin Short are very good, but not in the film long enough.
Finally, Michelle Pfeiffer does an excellent job as Moses' wife.
Congratulations also go to the voice of God, which instead of full boom and bombing is silent and moderate.
Unfortunately, it is not credited and I couldn't really determine who was the voice.
 (But send an email if you do.)
The songs are good, ranging from usual love sonnets to the traditional production number.
They do not disturb the film, and although they are not particularly memorable, they are pleasant to listen to (they are sung too.)
The musical partition is properly epic, with beautiful tunes.
Coupled with the superb visuals, the Prince of Egypt is a visual and sound treat, supported with a great history.
Entertaining both for children and adults, this film is a must.
A review by David Wilcock? 1998
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes