Magnolia left me to relying the theater, staggering by the relentless assault by an adventurous director reveling in his profession.
At almost half past three, Magnolia will strike it like a brute of a film.
This requires not only your attention, but challenges you to grasp the importance of apparently independent scenarios and hidden intentions.
He is delusional, depressing, exhilarating, pretentious and surreal.
It is also a film that will polarize its viewers.
Director Paul Thomas Anderson takes a talented distribution, envelope in a net of interdependent stories and puts them in a symphony of despair whose song does not let go before a strangely and exhilarating biblical pseudo-climax.
The character constitutes a modern gomorrh in the soulless way in which they live their lives.
There is Frank Mackey (Tom Cruise), a snake of snakes slipping men whose seminars "Search and Detrère" learn to mentally violate a woman to enter her pants.
There is Earl Partridge (Jason Robards), a dying media magnate which aspires to make a fine of a LFE of Callousness by finding his son distant.
There is the television game host Jimmy Gator (Phillip Baker Hall), a self-absorbed TV icon which hides more from a few secrets from her audience.
And there is the policeman Jim Kurring (John C. Reilly), who masks in the codification of organized religion and the legal system, perhaps masking a man who needs rules to fuel his decision-making process.
Given the equal weight, stories involving an emotional cripple in Coke (Melora Walters), former champion of the television quiz show (William H. Macy).
A materialist and adulterous wife (Julianne Moore), a child (Jeremy Blackman) victim of a mental violent parent and a caring and empathetic nurse (Philip Seymour Hoffman).
Having hovering on all these characters is a cloud of death, lies and despair.
It is not a pleasant film.
There is not a bad note in the game.
It affects and in layers and wonderful.
There is a moment when Tom Cruise implodes without words that the rivals of the work he made in whole films.
Then he compares himself with a fascinating death bed scene.
Walters plays his character with brutality with red eyes and fierce self -destruction that induces anxiety.
Robards convincingly portrays a discolored whisper of a man, who always hears the roar of a lion when he speaks.
Director Anderson apparently gave the actors a solution to Emote.
The problem is that there stay there for too long.
The character of Julianne Moore, Linda, quickly degenerates towards a frantic height of guilt, tears, cries and remorse and never withdraws from it.
After a few hours, he spends interesting torture to the torture of Chinese water.
A lot of scenes, like the television game, continue a little too long and will be off -putting for those accustomed to a 90 -minute film where the main theme is repeated several times in case you have missed the first fabric.
And what is the theme?
Alienation?
despair ?
Anderson challenges you to draw your own conclusions and he does not facilitate it.
The film begins by showing three strange and apparently independent events.
It is a warning sign of the synchronicity to come.
Sometimes different stories reach key moments at the same time.
Other times, the stories seem to circulate in an unexplored territory, no matter what is happening with others.
Anderson is daring enough to even make a group sing in the middle of the film!
What is surprising is that it works above all.
If you have any doubts about Anderson's intentions, I will ask you to pay attention to the last image.
Despite all the Sturm und Drang, Magnolia finally speaks to the capacity for man and the redemption attempts.
Despite the unnecessarily long racing time of Magnolia and his propensity for unequal publishing when Anderson plays the author, showing for the masses, I have to admire his guts.
It is really adventurous filmmaker G which spits in the face of conventional narration.
My note: a bubblee.
 ( stars )
A secondary note: Helping Anchor The Film is a perfectly suited soundtrack with Aimee Mann.
His words often add depth to a thematic scene while real music is both gloomy and beautiful.
When she sings "Save me" at the end, it improves the desire felt by the characters, just like "Wise Up" reflects the anxiety felt by all as they contemplate their life.