The manufacturers of Jurassic Park and the director of the speed evoke a storm!
 (Review at the new Cineplex jubilee of Eng Wah in Ang Mo Kio)
 “Unlike earthquakes, their fury is precise.
Unlike hurricanes, their scope is unlimited.
Unlike fires, there is no way to fight them.
Unlike floods, their terror is sudden. "
- Extract from Twister's production notes
I am sure that many of us live in this part of the world have never seen any tornadoes (or twisters) before.
For my part, I only saw the devastating effects and images of the tornadoes of reports on television and personally, I think that the destruction caused by the tornado comes only near the destruction caused by hurricanes and tremors ofEarth ........ It's until I see Twister.
The destruction caused by Twisters can be precise (not widespread, but it moves very quickly and its path of destruction is unpredictable.
He will suck cars, houses, cattle, etc .....
Basically, everything that is in its way which is not firmly rooted on the ground and in Twister, you will be able to see all this - Big Up!
Twister tells a story of a group of storm hunters.
These people are fundamentally out of mind and to obtain data on Twister's occurrences, they risk their lives by literally chasing tornadoes, trying to get as close as possible ..... that
It is if the tornado suddenly decides to change its way to them!
Jo (Helen Hunt) is the leader of this suicide bail.
While they are preparing for the mother of all storms, as planned by Satellite Recon, Bill (Bill Paxton), a former team center of the team returns to settle certain divorce papers with OJ.
Apparently, Bill has left his rogue days for greener and more practical pastures - as a television meteorologist.
He catches his old self and follows the peloton like the good days, bringing his future wife Melissa (Jamie Gertz), a woman from the city who goes with a handphone.
Jo finally implemented the initial idea of the invoices of a device called Dorothy which, according to a Twister, can lead to a better understanding of how tornadoes are formed so that a more reliable early alert system maybe implemented.
The problem is that the device must be placed very close to the Twister, and on its path (which is practically unpredictable) of destruction so that it works.
To add to their current challenge, there is another group of storm hunters which is funded by the company led by Jonas (Cary Elwes) and they too have a similar device.
Thus begins the breed; the inexpensive government equipment of OJ with beaten vehicles against high -tech computers from Jonas and satellite links with their elegant and black vans.
Regarding the plot, there is really nothing to scream.
Twister is as predictable as any blow at the summer box office can do so.
There is the danger of the Twister, the competition with the easier team Jonas ^ OS and of course, the settlement of differences between Jo and Bill (this part gives the film its human substance).
Helen Hunt, Bill Paxton and the rest of the actors / actresses only give average performance and all take a seat at the main Thespian of this film - the Twister himself!
Thanks to the impressive digital effects of ILM (industrial light and industrial magic of Lucasfilm), we can see the terror and destruction caused by tornadoes up;
Jan de Bont once again proves his visual ability (thanks to his years of experience as director of photography for action films) for action sequences.
Like its previous film speed, the tornado sequences (which are essentially action sequences) are well visualized and edited.
The public will firmly hold their chairs each time a tornado arrives on the screen!
Surround sound effects help highlight the terror of a Twister!
 (Cinema must at the very least take charge of digital sound entirely Enjoy this) Twister is definitely a film dependent on the effect.
Now that the ID4 fever has started to reside, and people are bored to watch Will Smith Whoop 'ass and for the umpteenth time ...... Twister is your safe bet well spent!
Look at him in a good theater ... please.
The Flying Inkpot's notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.