With his last two films - Shine and Snow falling on cedars - the Australian director Scott Hicks has proven that his cinematographic flashbacks are among the best, and his last, Hearts in Atlantis, is not different.
Its structure - starting and ending in present with a long flashback in the middle - is similar to the Green Mile, which is a bit ironic since the two were based on the books of Stephen King.
The parallels do not stop there either.
Atlantis was adapted by William Goldman, who had previously written the version on the big screen of misery and is working on the King's Dreamcatcher script.
Even the content of the film reminds a little Mile.
In fact, it is the perfect blend of nostalgia from the 60s of the 60s of Me by (also by king) and Hokum of mystical power of Mile.
King's Atlantis is a book made up of five related news, but the main objective here is on the first (and the longest) tale, entitled Low Men in Yellow Coats (the title of the film comes from the second chapter).
It takes place in 1960 Harwich, Connecticut, where Bobby Garfield, 11, (Anton Yelchin), lives in a pension led by his cold and egocentric mother Elizabeth (Hope Davis, the secret of Joe Gould), who seems to worry morewardrobe her son.
Bobby spends his time with his two closest friends, John Sullivan (Will Rothhaar) and the failed boy Carol Gerber (Mika Boorem), who becomes something like the Kevin, Paul and Winnie de Harwich.
When a new tenant moves into the vacant play, the bobby without father finds a male model in Ted Brautigan (Anthony Hopkins, Hannibal), a mysterious unknown who is vague on his past to make Bobby's mother sufficiently suspicious for at leastMomentainely offend yourself from the mirror.
Ted teaches his young neighbor the wonders of literature (after his mother Chepapskate gave him a library card for her birthday), provides prophetic words of wisdom and even Bobby one dollar a week to read the local newspaper andKeep your eyes open to Low Men, a group of people chasing Ted to exploit its special powers.
I will not enter into what these powers are, but they are considerably attenuated from the book (and do not imply black things that fly from the mouth of Ted, to the mile).
The current Decor of Atlantis which tightens the film is based on the last chapter of the novel, entitled Heavenly Shades of Night Falling, and presents David Morse (in another link with the Mile Green) as a married and middle age bobbyWho learns who learns of the death of his two childhood friends and returns to the dilapidated pension in which he spent his years of training.
Atlantis is far from being as flashy as the cedars of Hicks, which is disappointing but understandable given the passage of Robert Richardson completely surprising with Piotr sometimes surprising Sobocinski, director of photography nominated with Oscars behind the Kieslowski red Kieslowski red.
The game is solid everyone, including Hopkins, which never makes you think of Dr.lecter.
Young people are the young Yelchin and Boorem, who both had tiny pieces in the whole came a spider.
Although I haven't really had much problem with Goldman's script, I have to highlight at least one inconsistency.
Goldman, for those of you who do not read first, writes what seems to be an annual criticism of everyone's films, carefully explaining why they all fear, make no sense and insult their audiences, while not havingNot mentioned the shit he wrote (like the general's daughter).
It's mean but fun to read, mainly because of anyone else in Hollywood having the bullets to say anything at a negative distance on anyone in the company (including Michael Jackson, O. J.
and Robert Blake).
In Atlantis, which is supposed to be told through the eyes of the young Bobby, we would assume that he should be in each scene to have t He puts in memory that back down.
Well, it is not, and it does not make sense.
1: 41 - PG -13 for violence and thematic elements