Anna and the King enter the screen in the middle of the route, wearing a brilliant costume of sumptuous landscapes, deep and vibrant colors and an epic scenario.
It is the true beauty of its subtle ruminations on the policy of power, whether between governments, or the interaction between a man and a woman.
Anna (Jodie Foster) is a widowed British teacher with a touch of Wanderlust trying to grasp her quick meat feelings concerning the recent death of her husband.
With her son in a trailer, she takes the use of King Mongkut (Chow Yun-Fat) for tutor her son in the English language.
Mongkut sees the strength of the British and properly supposed that the future of his country lies in the opening of the Western worlds.
The Anna function is to help provide this link.
The heart of the film, of course, deals with flourishing love between Anna and Mongkut as he tries to germinate in the hostile soil of a changing political climate.
Foster plays Anna with equal parts equal and a wonder with a wide eyes.
It is affirmed, however, respectful of the king when she initially tried to impose her Western sensitivities to her.
It is one of the strongest performances of Foster since the silence of the lambs in a role that she could not have played earlier in her career.
She brings a self-awareness and a mature determination that was perhaps not being found in a younger foster family.
It is a joy to see his business with his own measure of influence in the field of the Mongkut monarchy.
When she entered a politically loaded banquet in the middle of the film, she gives off a hypnotic beauty which is deepened by her textured performance.
Chow-Yun Fat Mongkut King is Anna de Foster every measure, perhaps even more.
This is the Chow Yun-Fat whose Hong Kong cinema has been in love for almost twenty years.
He is imposing, but vulnerable, fun, but severe.
It is an impressive guaranteed and nuanced performance.
Precious time is stolen within 155 minutes of the film by a second -handed secondary intrigue involving a concubines of the king (Bai Ling) and his love of a commoner.
He strikes with the subtlety of the legendary white elephant of Siam while he trapped the story to the calm rhythm.
Some may be put off by the highest point filled with action of the film.
Although a little incoherent in the rest of the film, it is part of the established sub -intrigue of a seat perceived by neighboring Burma, a country supported by the British.
Anna and the King transcend a predictable and traditional love story by avoiding Mawkishness.
It shows a seduction of intelligence.
Always aware of the positions of the other, Anna and King Mongkut negotiate a maze of social customs, contradictory visions of the world and dear beings lost to connect to a level which turns out to be deeply satisfactory, if not doubtful.