The robbery of an impeccable 84-carat diamonds, bare birth battles, Irish gypsies and a dog are just some of the events of director Guy Ritchies, "Snatch".
 "Lock, stock and two smokers' barrels" introduced Helmer / Scripter Ritchie with a hyper-cineticale comedy, in your face, which attracted the attention of the spectator from start to finish.
His protagonists were innocent people who drifted in a trip of sharks to swim or be eaten alive.
With "Snatch", the director does not reflect his first work, but he plunges more deeply into the criminal belly of London, exploiting a rich collection of characters in the process.
> From the start, "Snatch" throws you into the action with the flight of the fabulous diamond, the desire for the New York Avi gangster (Dennis Farina).
On the way from Antwerp, Diamond Thief and Courier Frankie Four Fingers (Benicio Del Toro) stops in London to conclude a separate agreement with Avi's partner and cousin, Doug "The Head" (Mike Reid).
Frankie's dependence on the game is trying to make a bet on an illegal boxing match for Boris "The Blade" (Rade Sherbedgia), a ruthless Russian gangster.
The bet turns out to be a configuration for a flight by a trio of clumsy incompetent - Vinnie (Robbie Gee), Sol (Lennie James) and Porly Tyrone (ADE) - which is miserably bad.
Meanwhile, a few young harsh, Turks (Jason Stratham) and Tommy (Stephen Graham), try to enter the boxing game with the help of the local brick top (Alan Ford), who also has a pig farm.
When their first fighter is put out of service, with a punch, by a wild Irish Gitan named Mickey O'Neil, they appear to put the loose barrel as a competitor in a fixed fight.
Mickey is less than reliable and goes against the Turkish and Tommy agreement.
Brick Top, impressed by Mickey's performances, decides to give them another chance - after explaining calmly that it takes 16 pigs for about eight minutes to completely devour a corpse.
When Avi does not get his precious rock, he jumps on a plane for London and hires a local legend, "Bullet Tooth" Tony (Vinnie Jones), to find Frankie and The Diamond.
Things become uncontrollable when all these forces are heading for a collision of double cross and double -decelle - and a dog who ate a creaky toy.
Guy Ritchie (M. Madonna to some) is an extraordinarily talented author who has a wonderful talent to collect his unique casting and crew collection and feed them a funny and grainy dialogue that spits the mouths of characters likemachine gun.
The Helmer brings together its big overall actors in a caper comedy with a cheese rhythm that makes you laugh and feel bad at the same time, the description above Brick Top is only an example.
The assembly of actors and non-actors in rough environments gives "SNATCH" a earthy feeling in its representation of the criminal world of London.
The distribution of characters is too important to credit it here, but two of the performances - first among the equals, you could say - deserve to be noted.
Alan Ford is brilliant as a ruthless and evil brick top.
When he refuses sugar in his tea because "I'm quite sweet", it makes you tremble, even if you laugh.
It is one of the best gangster characters that I have seen for years.
The other exceptional performance is given by none other than Brad Pitt, the name of the popularity of the film can hang, at least at the beginning.
Pitt, as Mickey O'Neil, is hard to drink, to fight hard, very unreliable and almost incomprehensible with a unique Irish Furon and a Pikers' dialect, Irish travelers from Europe.
This gypsy brigand would steal the fillings of your teeth, especially if she would benefit her beloved mom (Sorcha Cusack).
When Brick Top threatens Mickey's family security, he makes an enemy who cannot be arrested.
Pitt puts a credible turn on his character and makes an incredible physique Tips too, like a naked point boxer.
The production team behind the camera includes alumni from Ritchie, producer Matthew Vaughn and Lenser Tim Maurice-Jones and other talented technical artists who bring the author's hyperactive imagination to visual life.
There is a feeling of patent to the appearance of "snatch" and "lock, stock and two barrels smokers" which supports the "signature" for Ritchie, but I do not know how it will result in his future works.
There is so much talent in the filmmaker that I would like to see him branch in other directions.
Nevertheless, "Snatch" is an excellent second -year effort, a sacred action comedy and a hoot to start.
I give him a b +.