Catherine Deane (Jennifer Lopez) is a psychologist who has been hired to participate in a project where she can enter the minds of comatose victims and try to interact with their subconscious to try to wake them up.
She was a moderate success with a young boy in a coma, but the boy's parents are not satisfied with the apparent lack of progress and the results of his work have unfavorable effects on her regular life.
As if trying to ensure the boy's parents was not difficult enough for her, a new development is presented with the pressure on the mental faculties of Deane.
A vicious serial killer named Carl Stargher (Vincent d'Onofrio) kidnapped women, enclosing them in an automated cell which slowly drowned them in a few days, then soaking the corpses of Javel to transform them into life -size dolls.
Just after removing his last victim and locked him in the cell, Stargher has a traumatic experience that triggers a schizophrenic virus in his brain and makes it flow in an eternal catatonia.
The police, led by the FBI agent, Peter Novak (Vince Vaughn), are able to locate Stargher by certain clues that he left while pouring the body of his previous victim, but they believe that all hope is lostFor his current victim because of his vegetative state.
In a last attempt as a gap, they ask Deane and scientists who created the project to undergo the frightening task of entering the Stargher's mind to try to find the location of the victim locked up in the deadly cell ...
A cell that will fully fill with water in the next 40 hours!
The first reports on this film described him as a cross between the silence of the lambs and the matrix.
Although it shares certain characteristics with the two films (especially the first forty minutes, which almost resemble a condensed version of the lambs), the cell also seems to contain elements of dream landscape and brainstoral.
The buzz around this project is that the first feature film in Tarsem Singh cinema (which won numerous prizes for its coherent Rune History video and a good part of this film supports this theory.
Despite the elements borrowed from the aforementioned films and a script which contains several logically questionable moments, the cell has remarkable images.
All the sequences where we dive into someone's minds are incredibly beautiful (including Stargher's wet spirit, whose thoughts recall a painting h. R. Giger mixed with a tool clip), proving that Singh is also a fanFilming of strange and wonderful images, his acclamation would make us believe.
The first sequence that takes place in Stargher's mind is by far the best, featuring one of the most ingenious traps that I have ever seen in a film (implying a horse, that no one seeing this film n'will probably forget), a zooaffinage of the victims of Stargher who are animated as Marionettes and Stargher himself in a giant purple cape which extends on the walls of his room in the mental throne.
If the film had continued in this dirty monstrous world, I would have considered the brilliant film, but alas, the sequences become more silly as and when (despite a painful elimination of nipple rings later in the film).
The casting is fundamentally an excuse so that there is a semblance of moderate conspiracy during the parade of images, but at least Vincent of Onofrio is transformed in his usual bizarre and psychotic performance (amplified by ten, thanks to the environment inwhich the film has placed).
In my opinion, from Onofrio was one of the best scary actors that I have ever seen in a film, but his film choices were so completely horrible (I. E. -
Newton Boys, feeling Minnesota, the thirteenth floor and the speed of Gary) that I started to rethink my initial evaluation of him.
The character of Stargher is an excellent role for him H, and will probably lead to a little dactylography for him.
The detractors of violence and disturbing images will want to stay far from this film, because it contains large doses of the two.
In addition to the withdrawal of the nipple ring that I mention above, there is also the stretch of Stargher to hang hanging from the ground by the rings which pierces the back and the legs (before its catatonia and its capture) which will have theaudience.
A sequence where Catherine enters the Stargher's mind and finds it recreating the outstanding of her first victim is also quite disturbing.
A moment also presents a character with his intestines slowly removed from his body by a handle in the old hand in hand.
As a narrative film, the cell is sorely lacking.
As a collection of images, the cell is extremely well done.
Although these latest film sequences contain fewer disturbing images than the first half, Singh did what he would have said to do: Make a film only in order to spin remarkable images together.
Unfortunately, a well written script should also have been taken into consideration, because without it, the cell simply seems to be any other clip that we could see on MTV (provided, of course, that MTV has made it possible to use graphic violenceand language in musical clips).