If Beavis and Butthead had a favorite film, by Dusk Till Dawn would probably be that.
Scripted by Quentin Tarantino and directed by Robert Rodriguez (Desperado), the film folds at the worst of sex and violence - and is incredibly fun to watch.
It starts as a story of fiction type crime in paste, with the criminal brothers George Clooney and Tarantino who praise a convenience store.
Because it is a Tarantino film, however, it is not only a case of print of the pistol and to take the loot, it is a case of hole in someone, a man on fire toJumping behind the counter and the whole explosantalors store they are moving away.
The opening scene sets the tone for the rest of the film - all exaggerated and nothing as it seems.
Clooney and Tarantino bring a hostage to the motel, then divert a VR with a family.
Harvey Keitel plays the ex-backrier of the back and Juliette Lewis his daughter, who recorded Tarantino's eyes on sexual permanence.
You know that you are mentally unbalanced when you find Lewis the least attractive, although it is not as unpleasant as usual from twilight to dawn.
The first half of the film has criminals and hostages trying to go to the border and through the Mexican border, Clooney's strategy involving hiding in the RV shower while Lewis is in the toilet.
He makes his trick; the border guard takes a look at Lewis relieving himself and immediately becomes blind, never noticing Clooney or Tarantino.
Once in Mexico, it's time to wait for the meeting point, a bare breast bar called Titty Twister where we are reminded once again that Tarantino wrote the film when he drinks champagne at the foot of a strip-Teaser.
Finally, after ten minutes of intercusted breasts and Clooney forcing Keitel and Lewis to drink with him, the stripper turns into a vampire.
Soon, half of the people in the bar are vampires and the other half falls or retaliated.
It's true, we came that way to see a vampire film.
But like everything else, Tarantino takes this secular genre and twists him for his own ends to produce exaggerated entertainment.
We therefore obtain balloons of condoms from holy water, rolling heads, a prison quadruple on a overturned table and Keitel biting by a vampire and announcing that he has only a few minutes before becoming "a dog from LAPof Satan ".
Dusk Till Dawn's dialogue is 100% Tarantino, hovering between absurd and disgusting (as when they enter the nightclub and Cheech Marin announces the main attractions of the Titty Twister), but always entertaining, and that's a huge reasonthat the film is a pleasure to watch instead of being a more of second order gorefest.
Clooney, Keitel and especially Tarantino are so exaggerated with their delivery that the dialogue is much more hilarious, not assuring a second from the twilight to dawn is taken the least seriously.
Tins like this would be terrible in any other film, but Tarantino and Rodriguez know exactly what to do to entertain people, even if there is absolutely no message or meaning to Dusk until dawn.
Pulp Fiction had vulgarity and violence for a reason, but this film throws it for cheap entertainment.
De Dusk Till Dawn is not the classic of modern cinema that PF is, but he proves that you can do a good job by making a very bad film.