If the current trends in Hollywood cinema continue, we are probably five or six years old when the 1980s would become the next golden age of the nostalgia for the film.
Although some Hollywood products are already using the last decade as the background of their stories (mainly ironically, as big Blank and Romy & Michelle's High School Reunion), a certain time should pass before the good memories of this time do notovercome the bad.
Until it happened, the 1980s would be memoirs as the decade of greed, when the revolutionary ideals of the 1960s turned into its cruel and materialist opposite and that money has become the only thing thataccount.
Contemporary films are good to illustrate what was bad for people who were to live at that time.
One of these films, which probably brings the essence of the 1980s to the screen, is that William Friedkin is to live and die in L. Un.
Money is not only the symbolic motif of the film, these are the main elements of the plot.
Rick Masters (Willem Dafoe) is an ex-detected who used his artistic capacities in order to become one of the best counterfeiters of L. One. Being too intelligent to fall into police traps, and ruthless enough to eliminate anyone or whateverIt is the one who could compromise his career, Masters has managed to escape the law for years and has become well connected.
Richard Chance (William L
However, his plans to bring down the counterfeiting encounter an obstacle after another.
Finally, he established a final sting, but his superiors deny the necessary money.
Being frustrated, and against the reluctance of his new partner John Vukovich (Bill Pankow), he decides to obtain the money by stealing the mail down.
Their plan turns with almost tragic consequences when their objective turns out to be an FBI nursing agent, but luck decides to make his plan anyway.
Like French Connection, one of his previous masterpieces, the film of this Friedkin was inspired by real life.
Gerrald Petievich, author of the novel which then served as a basis for his script, spent many years working as a secret service agent.
This has been transformed to be useful for the representation of this law enforcement agency, little used by Hollywood.
The Milliliu secret services were also intelligently used to bring the spectator in the decade of greed; the beginner scene where the hero of the film works in the context of the details of presidential security is a great opportunity to hear Reagan's speech whichcould illustrate the political and economic concepts of these times.
The ultramaterialist and selfish vision of the world is shared by almost all the characters in the film.
Willem Dafoe brilliantly portrays the dangerous and intelligent psychopath, the impressive and the lack of moral fibber do not seem to be an affliction in the Reagan years; on the contrary, these qualities make in fact socially acceptable masters.
Compared to him, and all the other parallel characters who want their "piece of action", two heroes on the side of the law seem like losers.
Instead of being a good classic guy, the secret service agent Richard Chance (portrayed by William Petersen in his most impressive role so far) is nothing more than mad whose dependence and madnessAdrenaline work against her best judgment; his acolyte, who should serve as a "best judgment" is a weak and sentimental fool who is ultimately suckled.
In such an environment of moral decomposition, the endless end so happy, but surprising, does not seem out of line (although the just blow leaves too many unanswered questions).
The dark atmosphere of L.un .- City of Glamor and Moral Decay - is well captured by the staging skills of William Friedkin.
The tight and realistic scripts with memorable characters (represented by actors as capable like John Turturro, Dean Stockwell, of Bra Feuer, Darlanne Fleugel and Steve James) gave Friedkin the opportunity to use another gadget which made him famous in his 1971 masterpiece - Great Car Chase.
This scene alone, with great realism, thrills and surprise twists and turns, is worth seeing the rest of the film.
The soundtrack, provided by the almost forgotten group "Wang Chung", is also one of the most memorable of this decade.
In any case, living and dying in L. is one of the few films in which Hollywood really tries to say inexpensive truths about the world and succeeds.