Look back two years the comic gem of Coen Brothers The Big Lebowski two years ago, change the actors, take the bowling alley, add a record store, and you have high loyalty (or perhaps the opposite from the novelNick Hornbyla high fidelity came first).
Anyway, it was done before, a trio of losers cracking jokes and complaining of their failed novels, but it always remains funny.
Why is it ?
Maybe because you know that your life is much better than that, you know that these guys are more pathetic than you, and you know it's ok with them because they are fictitious.
Director Stephen Frears, perhaps not intentionally, has created a film that makes you feel good about yourself and even ostensibly no good uncle watching television twenty-four hours a day.
Looking at high fidelity, expect to laugh at someone else's pain, do what you laugh, then laugh again.
I laughed at Dick (Todd Louiso), the shy and shy character of Steve Buscemi from Lebowski, who seems to know what he is talking about but cannot put him in words or is harshly rejected by his friends.
I laughed at the character of John Goodman Barry (Jack Black), an exact replica of the owner of the comic book bookstore on the Simpsons, Grouped, Egoists and Unpleasant at the same time.
And I laughed with Rob (John Cusack), the Jeff Bridges guy, which the story revolves around.
Rob is the easiest character to understand, but he doesn't look like you.
He cheat and uncontrollable, then is unable to understand why he cannot keep a woman.
And like his other miserable friends, pop music is the place where it inevitably goes for comfort.
He spends the afternoon to his work to question his colleagues with dark anecdotes or listen to new music and free him or rent him.
Whatever human emotions, Aretha Franklin and Bruce Springsteen Records Hold, Rob and Co.
Enter them and help fill the voids in their social life.
Rob has built a vast collection in his record store as well as his house and he organizes them according to the mood in which he is.
During this confused stage of his life in which the film is concentrated, Rob tries to face many refusals over the years by visiting the old friends and finally asking why they threw it.
But they are not friends? These girls made the first five ruptures of all time in the history of Rob (the incessant use of Rob of the lists show how pop music played a major role in his life).
The intrigue in three words is: women and music.
The director of the Stephen Frears approach adopts by making the charismatic Rob speak directly from the camera.
It gives high fidelity an informal structure quickly rhythmic, adjectives that have perfectly parallel the lifestyle of Rob.
It also helps to open the spectator's eyes on Barry's embarrassment.
Jack Black steals the show with a realistic hilarious performance like a total Sleaze ball.
The simple fact of listening to him to speak for five minutes makes the audience immediately friendly for Rob, who must work with him every day of the week.
What Frears does so well is that he makes us feel sorry for Rob laughing at his misfortunes.
John Cusack plays his character convincingly, but it is the strong distribution of support, made up of large stars and actors of characters, who really defines Rob.
Now, instead of Rob to speak to the camera, after having explained something, the other members of the distribution create physically and humorously what he tries to say.
The only problem with high fidelity is that it does not end when it should have ended.
Instead, the film continues for about twenty tortuous minutes that seem much longer than that.
Bruce Springsteen is also completely wasted in a brief cameo halfway through the film.
High Fidelity is a cheerful and old-fashioned comedy with a bulky soundtrack and as many laughs.
I just hope Hollywood will continue to create losers On the big screen, they make everyone seems and feels good.