The summer films season is still the biggest and most brilliant season for films throughout the year.
We are introduced to successful successes which are generally ransacked by criticism, loved by people and earn tons of money at the box office.
This year, tradition continues with an update on the universal classic of 1932, The Mummy.
I have always been a suction cup for this kind of monster films, and I always seem to be the only critic that really loves them.
This tradition also continues with this funny extravagance.
In the mummy, the upcoming Brendan Fraser plays the role of the adventurous explorer Rick O'Connell.
He teams up with a curious and clumsy librarian named Evelyn, played by Rachel Weisz, to find the mysterious city of the dead, Hamunaptra.
Evelyn loves Egypt and would really like to visit the city that people call a fable.
Rick said he went to Hamunaptra during a battle, and that is why she chose it to drive it there.
Evelyn's brother Jonathan, played by John Hannah (sliding doors).
Now in Hamunaptra, the three discover "The Book of Dead".
The curious Evelyn unlocks the book, we read from him, and now the body of the ancient Egyptian Imhotep (Arnold Vosloo) becomes alive and is there to kill those who opened and read from the book.
With Imhotep from the dead, the ten curses of Egypt become fully, launching incredible forces against the three and another group that decided to find Hamunaptra.
Not only is IMHOTEP furious against those who woke him up, but he also went out to restore the life of his girlfriend who lost his life a long time ago in ancient Egypt.
Do not expect huge things from the mummy, but expect to have a good time.
This film is extremely campy and takes place as an old horror film with reinforced special effects, which can deactivate certain viewers.
On the other hand, this type of film is one of my favorites, but it's up to you to decide.
There is one thing that is certainly not Campy or cheesy on the mummy.
The special special effects take you to a completely different world.
We are dazzled by faces that rise from the desert, swarms of beetles and locusts, and even creatures that crawl under the skin of a human.
These were perhaps in other films before, but not as in the mummy.
Currently, the mummy holds the title of the best special effects of this year, but all this could change when Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom threatened is released in theaters across the country.
In the past, Brendan Fraser has mainly played comic roles.
By playing "George" in George of the Jungle of Disney, he was mainly known to no one.
I would say that the gods and monsters are the film that gave it a name, and now the mummy will give it a name among the teenagers.
In the mummy, Fraser can play an action hero, and I liked it in this kind of role on the comic role, as in the films explode from the past and George de la Jungle.
Although Brendan Fraser is great, Rachel Weisz gives the best performance among the actors.
Weisz really reminded me of an old horror film.
The way she acts, looked at and spoke reminded me of all someone who did not have that moment.
Evelyn is probably the only character who was sympathetic, since the other characters, like John Hannah, did not have much personal attention.
In many films, when different genres are mixed, the mixture generally works and I like it for the most part.
In the mummy, however, all mixtures do not work.
There are scenes that have a lot of potential horror, some with a potential comedy, some with potential drama and some with a potential pure action, but the film tries to mix them too often for the mixture to work.
The mummy could have obtained a note "a" from me if it had only been with one of them.
I didn't mind the horn Ny One-Liners here and there during the action sequences, but it could certainly have been without them.
The cinematography is incredible in the mummy.
In particular in a scene representing ancient Egypt, we are taken in a very fun representation of Egypt, mummies and treasures left by the ancient Egyptians.
The design of the costumes of the film is also up there with the great cinematography.
From the outfits of ancient Egyptians to the original outfits of the troops, the costumes are always of the first order.
The essential - with the mummy, summer is at its beginning.