Everyone knows someone like Giles de'ath: stifling, arrogant, in their manners and in war with everything that could in any way be associated with "progress".
Giles is a writer, but the product of his typewriter is the kind of learned tricks that are immediately put on library batteries where he can bring dust up to a graduate student has another reference for his thesis.
His house looks like an immaculate museum? Without television, microwave, word processor or other technological gadgets, only electric lights betray that he lives in the 20th century, not in the 19th.
This is the kind of role that could easily be transformed into flat stereotype, but John Hurt, in what is certainly his best performance in a decade and perhaps the most impressive of his long and distinguished career, transforms "Giles" Fogy"In a" giles in a three -dimensional human being.
Despite his vision of the tunnel, it is impossible not to love man, especially after all his being was transformed by this singular affliction to which nobody is safe: love.
And, as Giles discovers during this fun and warm film, it is possible to find the object of affection in the most unusual places.
Giles, which is widower and reclusive, does not frequent cinema, but when he learns that an E.M.Forster film plays local theater, he screwed up his courage and decides to leave.
What he does not realize is that the cinema shows two films: the Forster adaptation and an operating film for adolescents called Hotpants College II.
An unattached giles ends up sitting in a dark room looking at male bodies and women in various states of undress.
Just as Giles is about to leave, however, he notices Ronnie Bostock (Jason Priestley) and, suddenly, it's love at first sight.
Giles is hired and when Hotpants College II is finished, it is finished in Metcoscopes stores for Bostock memories, including teenagers and video bands.
 (In order to watch these tapes, Giles must buy a VCR, but he does not initially realize that he needs a TV to use the VCR.)
Finally, not satisfied to be the main global authority on Bostock, Giles embeds on a plane and goes to Long Island, where the house of his idol is located.
Bostock is absent when Giles arrives, but the cunning English manages to befriend the girlfriend of Ronnie's model, Audrey (Fiona Loewi).
Finally, the actor arrives at home and, impressed by the behavior and intelligence of Giles, he begins to rely on the advice of the older man.
But, while Giles' affection is deep, Ronnie's feelings are less constant.
Love and death at Long Island are a comedy, and very funny to that.
In fact, for its first half, the film is almost perfect.
He suffers from a fall once Giles reaches New York, and the end, with his homosexual connotations not too subtle, is a little too dominating for the light material which precedes it.
In his slowly satirical approach to popular culture and the celebrity of cinema, the writer / director Richard Kwietniowski, adapting from Gilbert Adair's novel, is 100% on the objective.
In the process, he creates not only a really friendly and memorable character in Giles, but says a few things about the transformative power of love, even if he is not shared.
From start to finish, it's clearly Hurt's film? He's in almost all settings.
It is a role that the veteran actor had to savor, because he makes giles an unforgettable cinema figure, and the fact by means of the delivery of dialogue, body language and constantly evolving facial expressions.
Jason Priestley, hosting his image of Beverly Hills 90210, is surprisingly effective as a shallow Ronnie.
It is charismatic, and it is not difficult to understand why Giles is attracted to Ronnie.
Meanwhile, solid support is provided by the attractive Fiona Loewi and the Maury Chaykin always reliable.
love And death on Long Island is many things wrapped in one: a social commentary (he tackles the thorny number of the Cinétrouvé anywhere on a cinema screen these days) and a tale "Fish out of the water"(the Victorian relic Giles forced in the modern world).
However, despite the many laughs of love and death, it never takes cheap blows.
He has a dynamic and fighter heart? And that makes comedy even more valid.