It has been 20 years that a film of Terrence Malick struck theaters.
His new film, The Thin Red Line, is a strange, magnificent and enigmatic mess of a film.
The first thing that jumps to one when they see the advertisements for this film is the huge casting.
It is filled with stars above the title.
The casting, for the most part, gives great performance.
John Travolta, whose role is nothing more than a cameo, does not seem to have attacked his performance with so much verve.
George Clooney, whose role has become a cameo in the edition, gives a strange performance.
One wonders if he knew that his performance would become the object of ridicule through the narration of a character.
The rest of the distribution, in particular Nick Nolte and Elias Koteas, is unambiguous.
These actors (and they are, with two exceptions, men) were attracted by the name of Malick.
Terrence Malick is a film legend.
It has often been called "J. d. Salinger of Cinema".
His two previous films, Badlands and Days of Heaven, are spectacular and obscure film films.
After doing them, he disappeared for 20 years.
This film marks his return.
What he did with the fine red line is a film that seems less concerned about the intrigue than by the emotion of the moment.
The narration that fills the film (and perplexed a lot) allows us not only to hear the narrators (the characters themselves) pontificate, but also allows us to hear thoughts of the moments like "I am afraid".
The rather simple intrigue of the fine red line is used as canvas on which many stories are painted.
The plot could simply be summed up on an assault on a hill.
A synopsis of the intrigue for the thin red line is difficult, because the story is fractured.
Many stories are there, shock between the lieutenant (Elias Koteas) and the Wild Colonel (a voracious Nick Nolte) to the private (Ben Chaplin) who uses his love for the woman he left to make him move forward.
The fracturing of history is ultimately a fault.
It was as if an artist had spent an incredible time cleverly sculpting tiny statues, then threw them into a box, shook the box and poured the results on a table.
This essentially creates a mess, but the stories can be discerned and appreciated.
I do not say that the film has no structure.
While saving soldier Ryan used war to tighten the plot, Malick uses the reflection and glorious photos of nature to tighten about 90 minutes of combat.
The battles in the fine red line are amazing and display a mastery of cinema.
The amazing cinematography of this film must also be notified.
This film uses color and light in such a fantastic way, that it will be sad to see it degraded when it must be transferred to video.
In the end, Malick has designed a film which is a film that likes to browse trees through the trees only for the war which rages below them.
The film is filled with photography of nature and nature.
Although some have said that the anti-war message and the pro-natural tubump were juvenile, it was done with so much complexity and thought, that it can never be called childish.
After seeing the thin red line, I was haunted by her and I am quite ready to see her again.