Felix (Sami Bouajila, "The Siege") lives a satisfied life of his boyfriend Daniel (Pierre-Loup Rajot) in the small town of Dieppe in the north of France.
When he was dismissed from his work, after discovering the address of the father who abandoned him before his birth, he decided to go to Marseille, in the South, to find the man he never didMet in "The Adventures of Felix".
The writers / directors Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau made their debut with the musical "Jeanne and the Perfect Guy", kissing this typically American genre.
Their second effort, "The Adventures of Felix", once again taking America with a story of a young man who takes the road to find himself.
Felix is satisfied with his life in Dieppe, but when the Ferry company he works for Falls prey to the chunnel economy, he is without work and at loose ends.
When he goes through the papers of his deceased mother, he learns that the father he did not know live in Marseille, hundreds of kilometers away.
Felix makes the instant decision to travel to the south, prepares a supply of "cocktails" for his HIV virus, embraces Daniel Goodbye and goes on foot.
He refuses to use trains and wants to avoid major cities by doing hitchhiking across France to find his destiny.
Along the way, a series of fortuitous meetings with various strangers teaches in Felix that the family is not always made up of blood relations.
On the road, he witnesses an assault linked to the race which turns into murder and, frightened for his own security, fled without saying the police.
After this painful experience, he has his first fortuitous meeting which begins the unconscious construction of his ideal family.
His trip takes him to Rouen, and the first title section of the film, "My Little Brother", where he meets Jules, a young art student who is struck by Felix.
They fly a car and develop a chaste and fraternal affection before Felix moves on.
He then meets the elderly people Mathilde (Patachou), in the chapter entitled "My grandmother", and soon learns that she also has a condition for the same television soap opera as Felix has become addicted.
She wants him to stay with her, but he has to continue his way to find her father.
In the weakest chapter of the Felix road trip, entitled "My Cousin", he meets a rail worker (Philippe Garziano) and has a brief sexual encounter before leaving, once again, to Marseille.
He then helps a failed Lady motorist, Isabelle (Ariane Ascaride), and takes a tour with her and her three children (each with a different dad) in the sequence entitled "My sister".
He is torn apart by the inner turmoil not to go to the police about the murder of which he witnessed and Isabelle comforts him as a sister would do.
During the last stage of the trip entitled "My Father", he meets an older man, a fisherman (Maurice Benichou), who sheds light on the real facts of life and the family while they steal the kiteFrom Felix, just like a father and a son.
 "The adventures of Felix" have a number of things that are following Felix in his discovery trip.
First and foremost, Sami Bouajila's charming performance like Felix.
He is a nice guy, fighting his HIV with his doses of "cocktails", and illuminates the screen as he takes the long walk, often with dance and song, to find his father and himself.
As he meets each member of his new family, promising everyone that he will send a postcard when he arrives at his final destination, he grows a little more spiritually and emotionally.
Bouajila does a great job while holding the stage on the screen.
The distribution of characters making up the new Felix family is almost as charming as the star, each in their own way.
Patachou, in particular, is wonderful as a grandmother's character and a spirit related to Felix.
Ariane Ascaride, with her children, gives a perf which really makes you consider it as the sister that the The young man never had.
Only the chapter "Cousin" does not have the emotional depth of the rest and resembles a superficial addition to the "family" of Felix.
 "The adventures of Felix" do not reinvent the road film, but it gives a charismatic story of the journey of a young man to find himself and, to his surprise, his discovery is radically different from what he expected at the beginning.
This helps that the director of photography Matthieu Poirot-Delpech perfectly complies the story while Felix moves through the French campaign.
I give him a b +.