There are films that I even like if I know that I should probably not and have trouble trying to explain why I did it.
 "Lucky Numbers" is a perfect example because it is a flagrant scam of "Fargo" and each film based on a novel by Elmore Leonard and yet it works in a way for me.
I know I'm in a minority here but let me explain to you.
The film takes place in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in 1988, during a non -seasonal winter.
John Travolta plays the television meteorologist with big locals who is idolized by the city dwellers as if he were John Travolta himself and not by the Russian Richards.
Russ is married in Crystal (Lisa Kudrow), a blonde bimbo if there was one in the history of cinema.
She is a selfish and nasty dog full of lust and desire, but she obtained the work of the girl in the lottery - not exactly the most trying intellectually work on the market.
Crystal cheated on Russ with their collective boss Dick (Ed O'Neil), the director of the television station.
She doesn't really seem to love one or the other, but that's all she can do in this city of a horse.
Like "Fargo", this film tells the story of a man who goes bankrupt and must make a huge scam to become rich quickly.
He enlisted the help of his English friend Gig (Tim Roth), the local owner of the stripclub who tells him how to repair the lottery.
Along the way, a secondary intrigue involving a two -bit thug named with precision, "Dale the Thug" (Michael Rappaport) mixes in the process.
There is also a bookmaker which is sort of thrown into the mixture once the agreement has broken down.
I will not develop much further on the plot and the story because it continues to relax and take twists and turns you do not wait.
It is a farce, which is fundamentally a simple comedy oriented towards adults but is not going as far as a classic black comedy.
While "Fargo" was sometimes shocking and disturbing while being funny, "Lucky Numbers" is just funny because you cannot take these characters in these scandalous situations seriously.
It's a whole big cartoon, but it's funny and I can respect it.
Travolta is excellent in his role and even if he is not a really friendly character, he tries to be a nice guy despite the fact that he is a flipper.
He's like a gangster with a moral that feels really sorry for the guys he has to kill.
Crystal is quite the opposite, she is constantly arguing and uses the brain cells she left to monitor herself.
Kudrow is perfect in this role because she spent 8 years on television as a phoebe with a Dim spirit on "Friends".
Here is the character is essentially a very diabolical incarnation of Phoebe.
I must admit that I was honestly surprised and satisfied with how the plot collapsed and the methods that each of the main characters use to try to get their share of money.
Like "Jackie Brown" (an adaptation of Elmore Leonard), the story talks about a circle of 10 characters all after the money of the lottery which was won illegally.
The scenario does an excellent job by balancing the characters and slowly revealing their motivations and their hidden agendas while keeping Russ Richards the main objective.
More and more characters are introduced and, as the film has an atmosphere of emblematic cartoons, you can take the faith which means that minor characters do what they do.
The end itself is great.
It's surprising and funny and makes you feel good.
You realize that this film has packed in about 10 different films of stories in two hours and has not collapsed (although many other criticisms may not differ).
I liked it, and I could see it again - isn't that what makes a film good?