David Cronenberg presents another strange tale crawling with his impressive head.
It is one of the many science fiction films, released during the last year of this millennium, which addresses problems that will play an important role in our future.
The story takes place in the near future, where the border between reality and virtual reality escapes.
The world of the future is a hostile place, where frightened inhabitants "hide" in the fantasy games of virtual reality to escape the uncertainty of the real world.
Allegra Geller (Jennifer Jason Leigh), the main game designer in the world, tests her new virtual reality game, existed with a discussion group.
At first, she was attacked by a fanatic assassin using a bizarre pistol.
She fled with a young marketing intern, Ted Pikul (Jude Law), who is suddenly affected as bodyguard.
Unfortunately, its pod, an organic game device which contains the only copy of the exissez game program, is damaged.
To inspect her, she talks to Ted to accept a game game in her own body so that he can play the game with her.
The events that led to this and the resulting game led the pair in a strange adventure in a world where individuality does not exist, because "players" are forced to play as characters in an unknown intrigue.
Here, reality and their actions are impossible to determine from the point of view of their own or the game.
I do not intend to reveal more of the premise of the film, which is structured as a computer game, with "tasks" that the characters must perform to win the game.
Released after "The Matrix" and "Dark City", "Exisnez" has similarities and parallels that connect it to these films.
However, "existed" evolves in a different direction, with its own premise.
A combination of dazzling special effects, brilliantly coordinated action sequences and an intelligent and sophisticated intrigue, has made "the matrix" a rare and entertaining science fiction experience, with dark and frightening ideas hidden under itssparkling facade.
 "Existence" has a completely different atmosphere, resembling "Dark City", which is darker, more serious and less entertaining.
 "Existence" has opportunities and potential, but huge possibilities are never completely explored.
After the starting start, he begins to vacillate.
While I was watching the film, many left the theater during the first hour.
And indeed, "existed" seemed a complete failure: the actors seemed unreal, the intrigue and the dialogue of silly and unfinished relationships and unexplained events followed one after the other.
But the last fifteen minutes have raised the film to a different level, explaining all past events, silly dialogue and unreal performance in a few scenes.
And jet the film fails on several questions.
The best written character in history is probably a game designer, who prefers to spend the rest of his life in a virtual world, rather than facing real life.
It is a great possibility of creating a magnificent character, and Jennifer Jason Leigh stretches the Cronenberg script on the limits, but fails because the advantages of virtual reality compared to the real world are never shown.
Existez is not a world you could dream of in your fantasies.
It is not a world that is worth sacrificing your life.
It is a cold and dark place where the "players" are forced to interdependers with irreative characters, to eat mutated creatures and even murder against their own will.
It doesn't look like a place to think.
David Cronenberg was the creator of "The Fly", "Videodrome" and "The Dead Zone", so it is not so difficult to guess that "exisse" is a violent and bloody film.
In addition to the regular murders of the innocent people, the public can enjoy an autopsy of an amfibium transferred with two heads.
Scenes like this have become a brand for Cronenber G and it seems that he cannot make a bloodless film and nauseating creatures.
The way I see it is the crucial failure of the film.
It is impossible for Cronenbergto to create a magnificent world where time, space and the problems of our daily life do not exist; a place of flowers in flowers, green forests and clear waters; a place that is really worththe trouble to sacrifice your life.
Due to its lack of three dimensions, the film loses most of its possibilities, but remains afloat due to interesting scenes, funny performance (in particular by Willem Dafoe) and an interesting and important thought, represented in different waysthroughout the film.
During the film, the public is as confused as the characters: detached from their daily existence and can no longer see the difference between the real world and the alternative reality they have created.
 "The Matrix", despite its many dark and disturbing thoughts, ends with a light at the end of the tunnel.
 "Exist" does not do so.
It is a unique experience, ending with blood, blood and madness - a rather frightening forecast for tomorrow.