An energetic recreation, visually magnificent, but intellectually hollow of the mysterious life of Joan of Arc.
In history, Jeanne d'Arc is lost in an ocean of mystery and controversy, which creates the perfect launch ramp for talented and creative directors, which can essentially change history as they wish.
She came at a time when people desperately needed a saint.
A hero who could save them for misery and deliver peace and happiness.
The director / writer Luc Besson ("Nikita", "Leon") depicts his version of the peasant who commanded the armies of France and was burned on the pyre of witchcraft.
Besson tries to recreate the person behind the legend.
He tries not to show it as a saint or a bad guy.
He shows it as a human being.
At a time when blood flows almost from the sky and the air felt the rotten flesh, it is difficult to keep your mental health.
The only support and hope is in God.
At the age of 13, Jeanne (Milla Jovovich) looked at her own murdered sister raped by English soldiers.
This terrible event has a lasting impact on Jeanne's mind.
God is no longer his support.
He became his obsession.
She begins to see visions and signs that order her to raise an army and free France from the siege of English tyranny.
With the help of the wise Yolande d'Aragon (Faye Dunaway) and Charles VII (John Malcovich), whose great royal ambitions and life are at stake, Jeanne raises an army and heads for the English walls.
After that, the film remains mainly on the battlefield, where Besson demonstrates its ability to lead incredible action sequences, using a calmer tempo.
The film is filled with dreamy and symbolic images of pure artistic crafts, which create a surreal and sometimes paranoid atmosphere.
The film is lost in time and space, jumping hysterically in Jeanne's thoughts, imagination and consciousness.
Besson's visual style allows the public to enter the medieval era, to feel the smell of fresh blood and adrenaline pumping in your body in the heat of the battle.
But the film is far from impeccable.
The script needs a lot of polishing.
With the exception of Jeanne, there are no real characters.
And although a big star distribution is assembled, their characters are nothing more than accessories, no more alive than the costumes they wear.
As for the girl from Lorraine herself, she is described as a simple girl, too small for her divine task.
In the last part of the film, we see it as hysterical, confused and on the verge of madness, with its purity and its innocence forever lost.
Jovovich manages the room with more panache than what we could expect.
But although his screen time is incredible excessive, Malcovich ("Being John Malcovich") and Dunaway ('Titus') surpasses it rather on performance and simply non -professional.
And even Hoffman manages to breathe a life in his terribly small part.
In addition to launching Jovovich, Besson's only error is his extreme sense of patriotism which ultimately ruins his paint so gloriously designed.
There are English viscous people who murdered, plunder and betray with a smile on their faces.
And incredibly courageous and noble French, represented by the "three musketeers" of this story - the courageous Gilles de Rais (Vincent Cassel), Wise Aulon (Desmond Harrington) and the Hire Hire (Richard Ridings).
Although all these actors work well, their characters are nothing more than symbols - banners that proclaim the glory of France.
And so there is no sense of realism in this film.
"The messenger" has muscles instead of the brain.
There is a certain relief at the end, where Besson deposit his armor and begins to think.
The appearance of Dustin Hoffman helps and the film ends with elegance and surprisingly effective with a culminating point worthy of praise.
The character of Jeanne is unlocked, but if God was I n The image or not, is never quite explained.
Was it a confused peasant motivated by her own hunger for revenge?
Or was she really a messenger of God?
The film asks as many questions as the answers and nothing is completely obvious.
Bess O Messenger 'is nothing more than enough good film.
It is not much that you remember after leaving the theater.
Perhaps sound, dream sequences, but certainly not dialogue.
It is a lesson in elegant and adrenaline pumping history for the MTV generation, which, although presents interesting equipment, works better when it is on the battlefield.