> Of the man who presented us Henry: the portrait of a serial killer (6. 5/10)
Comes a wild tale in the elite and white trash cans on the southern coast of Florida.
Land: the orientation advisor (Dillon) is accused of having violated one of his students.
She happens to be the daughter of one of the richest women in Florida.
The advisor is brought to justice for the accusations, while another daughter of a white trash can (Campbell) also joins the club of fingers of rape.
As the story takes place, we see that many things are not exactly as they seem (that's as much as I could say without ruining anything).
Critality: good little film which slows down at times, and runs a little, but generates enough twists and turns to keep most of the people interested throughout.
Notice, I could see a lot of people who don't like it because it takes "too big" twists and turns, but hey, it turns out that I like this kind of thing.
And besides, the twists and turns in this film have managed to stay in the field of credibility (or cristrament near), and even "explained" many of its towers with a showcase of missed scenes during the credit rampAt the end of the film (do not leave the theater before seeing the credits ... he
Really erase certain things !!).
Apart from that, the game was good, Campbell transforming her role as "good stereotypical girl" into a white bin with a Goth and smoking pot.
Denise Richards (from Starship Troopers (7/10) renowned) solidified as Pinup Girl with Hollywood jelly in the moment, and proves that all breast implants do not need to lead to prosecution.
Bacon is solid, just like Dillon (while continuing to prove his inability to age to everyone who wonders !!).
Sprinkle the story of a lot of alligators stealthily in the waters of swamps, bacon showing the world the size of its ding-dong (do we really need to see this ??), a few scenes of lesbian kissesAnd a household-manage, and you have a decent moment in the cinema.
On the descended side, the soundtrack was not as prominent (or smooth) as I thought, and Theresa Russell (real name: Theresa Paup) seems to have lost its way in all possible ways .... OOOOH,
I almost forgot the exquisite role of Bill Murray as a downstream lawn who agrees to defend Dillon in court.
Murray actually added this little spice of additional humor which allowed this film to assert its position of context of sex, greed and mystery.
Little known facts: Neve Campbell specified a non-nunning clause in her contract (she was also born in Guelph, Ontario ...
Hoser!)
Director John Mcnaughton says he deleted a scene that has shown that Matt Dillon and Kevin Bacon are showering together because it was free.
Kevin Bacon plays in a group with his brother, called The Bacon Brothers, is married to actress Kyra Sedgwick, and has a game based on him called "Six degrees of Kevin Bacon".