For all married about to offer marriage to his girlfriend, there are certain rules that he must follow.
First of all, fill his life with happiness and romance during the nuptial parade.
Second, buy him a beautiful ring that shines as brilliantly as her eyes.
Third, find the perfect time and location to offer.
Finally, the groom should probably obtain the blessing of his parents.
Of these four, the last can be a nightmare.
Meeting parents is a rite of passage, responsible for unexpected questions, episodes of nervousness, the reality of being hated and the inability to make a positive impression.
If you are lucky, things will go well.
But, if you are Greg Finger (Ben Stiller), everything is bad.
And with a name like that, how could it not?
When Greg meets his fianc for the first time? The father of E, Jack Byrnes (Grimacing Robert Deniro), Greg immediately feels out of date and is put on the defensive.
When he tells Jack that he is a male nurse, the incorrigible father resumes: "Few men in your profession, huh, Greg?"
It is certainly not a good start.
But Greg is determined to win it, and it is this desire that feeds the film.
He first takes small steps, like accepting to say thanks before dinner.
It doesn't matter if he is Jewish.
If Papa Byrnes asks him to say Grace, then that's what he will do in a game.
 "Oh my God ... you are
Such a good god ", the moons.
His discomfort while trying to force a simple prayer will make you laugh, but when Jack gives him the "Sligint Deniro" (this familiar and disturbing look that gives Deniro this aura of invincibility), it is quite difficult not to smile.
Things are gradually running for Greg.
And it's a shame because he is a really nice guy with a romantic heart.
Finally, he begins to try so hard that he begins to spoil everything, by committing a host of blunders that embarrass, humiliate or hurt other people.
This is an endless test, ervations and errors.
He buys champagne, but without compliance, the bottle leads to disastrous circumstances.
He tries to find Jack's missing cat.
But his method to solve the problem only leads more problems.
And there are several other episodes, each take it from the next in scandalmor.
The more well -intentioned our beautiful, the more the public groans in sympathy.
We liked Greg.
And we liked this film.
 "Meet The Parents" is a wacky comedy that certainly has its moments.
Sit and look Greg get in trouble.
Whatever the situation, whether by playing a harmless water volleyball game or smoking smoke on the roof of the house, things will be mistaken.
We laugh at Greg's expense, but love often makes a person to do stupid things, and Ben Stiller has the gift of playing the romantic madman.
Deniro is also affable, hard outside but sentimental inside.
Their rope shot is often funny, the slapstick is developed, and there are several gags of topical disposable (mainly intended for the air transport industry) to make this film a fun but intelligent farmer on beautiful parents-in-lawfrom hell.