"Contact" shows why Jodie Foster is one of our best actresses.
See contact with your family.
It is a film for all ages.
- A Stuart Cracraft review
Contact with Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, John Hurt Director: Robert Zemeckis Star
After a predictable start of MIT Phillip Morrison out of 10 (which can be surprising for those who do not know the work of Professor Morrison), contact takes steam, gradually, construction, end, an irresistible mastodon very good film which does notNot, as is so often the case, it falls outside in terms of too much pandage on the technological side "geek".
At the end, the public is found with what good science fiction is supposed to do: evoke a feeling of wonder about the universe and evoke questions in your mind about what exists.
This film does not leave technology eclipse characterization and in this sense, it is unusual among high -tech films.
However, with the exception of Jodie Foster (Elie Arway) and John Hurt (s. R.
Hadden), who are both exceptional actors, supporting players are not particularly impressive.
Hurt has certainly had better roles (Stephen Ward in the scandal).
The latter, as several billion people Hadden, does not do justice to his acting skills.
It is clearly a film with a host family of one of the great Hollywood lights of our generation.
Foster's radiance has never been so strong as in the scene where it finally meets vegans according to their conditions.
The first scenes take a long time to accumulate.
The rhythm of the film is very good and subtle.
The panoramas of the radio dishes in Arecibo and Ceti in New Mexico and Puerto Rico are magnificent.
Foster's character policy which is trying to obtain funding for research in these places is however trivial and predictable.
One of the most entertaining, but very short scenes is when Foster faces Rob Lowe during a presidential meeting at the office to discuss the extraterrestrial invitation.
There were real sparks in this scene between Foster and Lowe and it would be up to them to consider other vehicles in which this dynamism could be explored.
This is the only scene in the film in which there was a huge dynamic between two characters.
Everything else was very unilateral (for example.
to favor ) .
Lowe can resist Foster and he was shown in this scene at the table of the cabinet.
The main scene of the film takes place on a surreal beach in a distant world in the star system of Vega.
It looks very much like scenes of science fiction John Varley in his book Steel Beach, where female protagonists meet extremely higher intelligence, in a case a computer made by humanity itself, and in the case of Foster,An illusion taken from his memory.
In another sense, this extremely moving scene evokes the pilot of Star Trek of Gene Roddenberry the Cage, later the Menagery, when Jeffrey Hunter and Susan Oliver manipulated their memories to create new worlds in which they live and meet extraterrestrials.
The concept is not new, in no way, in the world of science fiction.
But the beach scene, which is the centerpiece of the film, just like the whole film, is motivated by Foster.
Released from her needs to lead by director Zemecki, Foster is able to leave everything lying around in the characterization and the track it provides for its support cast.
As the film is gaining speed, Foster's game intensifies and that the public really experiences it with it.
It is certainly an Oscar caliber action, undoubtedly.
The support cast is doing well and Zemeckis launches in a certain humor with certain cameos of President Clinton, intelligently manipulated, in style George Stephanopolus, to seem very Forrest Gump.
In fact, Zemeckis and.
Al.
I was in trouble for the use of some of the images seen in the film, Vis A Vis Clinton.
But the public with whom I attended this film with just good laughs at Clinton's walk-ons.
The tension much discussed Science and religion in this film are not particularly insightful for those who have already taken this course, although it is useful to those of the public who have not done so.
In addition, the almost final scene, in a judicial courtroom in the Senate, is disappointing.
Contact is an appropriate memorial to the memory of Carl Sagan, of the scientific popularizer, and sometimes a pedantic gadfly of the rooms of the university world.
Maybe now Sagan can be considered with his Eden dragons.