Produced by Robert Lantos and Stephen J.roth
Directed by Douglas Williams
MPAA: not evaluated (although language, violence, medical pregnancy and sexual content, I would put it in PG)
Although made in Canada, "Overcoming At The Memory Bank" traces its roots at the BBC School of Film Production.
By using, for the most part, cheap computer and video effects, chyron text, documentary images of fauna and sets which are sometimes obviously rigged, he nevertheless manages to tell a fairly good science fiction story that youHave twenty minutes away, you should be hung.
Raul Julia embodies Aram Fingal, a drone data processor for novicorp whose active imagination and predilection for hacking cause him trouble with authority.
Taken looking at "Casablanca" on his office instructor, Fingal is sentenced to "Dopling" rehabilitation - he must spend forty -eight hours in the body of a baboon.
 (How is it supposed to rehabilitate it is someone's supposition.)
In this case, thanks to the farce of a visiting schoolboy, his body is temporarily moved, and his mind must be projected in the central computer to keep it alive until they can find it.
Over time before his memory cube self-destructive, the frantic research of his body is lit ... while
Fingal first creates a fantastic world of virtual reality, then finds that there is no better way to hack the system than from the inside.
During chaos, the computer technician Apollonia James (Linda Griffiths) maintains contact with Fingal via a data link, demonstrating several times to offer advice or warnings.
During their interactions, the interest in their two parts turns into a grass romance.
Given that "Casablanca" is Fingal's favorite film, and the basis of his fantastic world, a large part of the film is a tribute to "Casablanca".
In fact, the characters of Humphrey Bogart and Peter Lorre make appearances (played by Julia in a double role and Louis Negin, respectively) in a bar called "The Place".
The representation of Bogart de Julia is passable and avoids becoming the "Schweethaat" troubleshooting parody seen in caricatures.
Peter Lorre de Negin is pretty credible, and easily the best Peter Lorre I have never seen who was not the real thing.
The two, as characters created by the imagination of Fingal, serve as aspects of his personality, leading him in his quest to hack the computer system.
They are not the only characters in Casablanca to make appearances.
The character of Sydney Greenstreet is also found ... as "The Fat Man", the alternative aspect of the film's main villain, the president of Novicorp (Donald c. Moore).
While the body of Fingal is lost, the big man tries to prevent him from hacking the system ... with
Less than beneficial results.
It is interesting to note the words of futuristic slang which are thrown on the left and on the right during the film, in the best tradition of science fiction of golden age.
Words like "Dopple", "Psyche", "Composesch", "Cinema" and "Reconstitut" are apparently in common use.
And while today people can laugh at fourteen years well with the idea of the idea of the processing of futuristic data, certain aspects of this film are surprisingly perfectly conforming to the way we think of the "virtual reality "today.
As Cyberpunk films do, it may not be a basic food of the genre, but it is definitely recommended.
The special effects are very primitive, placing this production in the field of low -budget television with low medium.
The music is entirely synthesized by electronics, which corresponds to the small budget but is not really without appearance with the genre.
However, writing compensates completely.
There are very funny moments, and a lot of little jokes that we need for having seen "Casablanca" to appreciate correctly.
Overall, I give "overcrowded to the memory bank" a.