Marie (Charlotte Rampling, "Aberdeen") and Jean (Bruno Cream, "Sorcerer") are a comfortable and seventy-ish married couple, looking forward to peaceful vacation in their second bed and mix.
During their first full day, Marie Bracette while Jean will swim.
A few hours later, Marie launched a large -scale research when Jean has not returned, but no trace of him is found.
Marie returns to Paris and resumes her life, including discussions with Jean at the end of each day in "Under the Sand" by François Ozon.
The former British-friend of Marie, Amanda (Alexandra Stewart, "Franstic") and her French husband Gerard (Pierre Vernier) try to get Marie out of her denial with a dinner, where they present her to the beautiful Vincent (Jacques Nolot, "Nenette and boni "), but Marie suggests that Gerard accompanies him as well as Jean to their gym the next morning.
Finally, Marie begins to go out with Vincent, but she discusses him with Jean and even smiles at Jean, hidden behind a chamber curtain, when she makes love to Vincent.
Slowly, however, reality continues to deviate from Mary's fantastic life.
Her bank advises her that without access to Jean's account, she must reduce her expenses.
One of her university students (she reads "The Waves" by Virginia Woolf) turns out to be one of the young men who participated in research on the beach.
Then the police arrive by asking him to identify the clothes of a body they found washed from the ocean.
That night, Jean is not at home when she returns to their apartment.
his mother-in-law (Andree Tainsty) cruelly
insists that Jean simply abandoned it out of boredom.
Finally, Marie goes to the police, insisting to see the body.
horrified (she was warned that it was
In an advanced state of putrefaction), she laughed by giving him a watch in bag, insisting that she is not her husband.
 "Under the Sand" is a character study and a melancholic portrait of aging ("I lost my youth," said Marie) and loss.
Charlotte Rampling, given the possibility of portraying an older, but always sexual woman, flows with her, bringing us into the character's mind.
His chemistry with Bruno Cream is surprisingly natural.
While Marie returns from her first meeting with Vincent, she sits on the sofa with Jean.
"Did he kiss you? 'he asks .
The atmosphere that the two create is incredibly intimate and sad.
Ozon ("Water Drops on Burning Rocks", "See the SEA"), who shells the script with Emmanuelle Bernheim, Marcia Romano and Marina de Van, transformed a more mature work than her previous and scary "to see the sea."
While he does not let us skillfully see Jean enter the water that fateful day, leaving a certain number of possibilities - an accident?, Suicide?, Escaping?
- Open, he definitively leans his hand to a certain result.
The cinematography of Antoine Hiberli and Jeanne Lapoirie ("Water Drops on Burning Rocks") slides around Marie (their shooting 180 while she initially searches the horizon of the ocean for a sign of Jean de Jean.
In an inventive fantastic scene, Marie imagines the hands of Jean massaging her feet in a state of self-environment.
His two hands become four, then more combined with his, becoming almost a single orgy and recalling the "repulsion" of Roman Polanski.
Philippe Rombi's original music quietly adds to global melancholy.
 "Under the Sand" is a unique portrait of loss.
This would make a double fascinating bill with "Faithless" from Liv Ullmann of earlier this year, another study of a character of a woman confronted with a loss for various reasons.