"Last night" could have an "aka" tagged at the end who says: "It's the end of the world, and we feel good".
 "Last night", that's about that.
The last night of the existence of planet Earth.
The world will end precisely at midnight, January 1, 2000.
The way scientists were able to predict so precisely when this catastrophic event occurs is never explained.
The event itself either.
Throughout the film, no explanation is given on the reason why it happens.
In doing so, McKellar (who also wrote and directed the film) seems to try to transcend the genre.
He tried to make a film on people and how each of them takes care of his last night of life.
The film contains no science fiction elements, which allows the spectator to focus on the feelings and actions of the characters.
McKellar succeeds largely in his attempt to overcome his equipment.
The film takes place in Toronto and follows several people in their various escapades the last night of existence.
There is McKellar, who plays a man who just wants to be alone when the moment occurs, but continues to be interrupted by a woman (Sandra Oh) in search of her husband.
Her husband, played by David Cronenberg, spends the day working in the gas company, informing the people they will try to continue to provide gas until the end.
Finally, there is the friend of McKellar, played by Callum Keith Rennie, a man who spent his last months trying each sexual perversion that you can think of.
McKellar has designed a gang of some of the most interesting characters I have seen in a film for months.
These people all felt me real, especially the character played by Sandra Oh.
We can see her despair, her total need to be with her husband in the last hours.
Rennie is also good, like the man who wants to literally try everything before his death.
He breathes such a charm and sympathy, it is not surprising that we were rooting for him to get what he wants.
But for me, the biggest surprise in the film is McKellar.
I knew he was a talented director, but I did not know that he could also act.
His insistence to be alone, to the dismay of his parents, is something that most people would find it difficult to understand, but as played by McKellar, we can understand his reasons.
He does not buy the whole idea that just because everyone is going to die, he should immediately find a company.
He realizes that the relationship would be forced, and they would only be together to be together.
McKellar gives a brilliant performance, and I hope it alternates between staging and game.
My only problem with the film is that we never discover why the world ends.
I really wanted to know and my need to know was at all times suspended from the film.
I appreciate the fact that McKellar did not want the material to governing the film and that it wanted the film to be more a study in human behavior.
However, by not telling the public what is the cause of the destruction of the earth, he left a big question that is in their minds throughout the film.
Another problem is that we don't see anyone panicking.
I imagine that if the world ended and there was nothing to do on this subject, a great segment of the population would be out of their minds.
Instead, we are entitled to photos of a giant crowd celebrating as if it was New Year's Eve.
I just didn't buy the fact that everyone had completely accepted their fate.
No one wanted "rage against the death of light".
Despite these small problems, "last night" is one of the best films of the year.
Unlike the management of "Armageddon", "last night" deals with the subject at hand with maturity and creation.
And Bruce Willis never presents herself to save the day.