"I prefer to die today and go to paradise to live to be a hundred and go to hell," seriously proclaims the Pentecostal preacher.
With this line from a fundamentalist Christian minister, Hollywood taught us how we have to fill the rest of history.
He will prove to be a scoundrel who has less real belief in God than the average American, and all his preaching will prove to be a cynical trick to extort money from his naive congregation.
From Elmer Gantry, we learned what to expect when the films go to the church.
Well, think again, for the apostle, that Robert Duvall wanted to do more than a decade, does not take the usual attacker of the minister's mastray and, by involvement, the rest of the organized religion.
Instead, it gives us a very devout man, who certainly has his weaknesses, but with absolute dedication to his ministry and his God.
And probably just as surprising, the film good enthusiastic is not a comedy, even if it has humorous moments.
Instead of lightness, the image adopts a touching approach because it presents a world not normally seen in films.
When in the intimacy of his attic, Robert Duvall, while the preacher of Texas Euliss "Sonny" Dewey, argues severely with his lord, the scene shares a kinship with the character of Emily Watson who cries for his God by breakingThe most powerful scene of the waves.
The body of history begins with the arrival of Sonny on a horrible automotive accident, which is another part of life generally ignored by modern writers.
With his well -used Bible by hand, Sonny jumps from his car so that he can go to pray and with the dying victims of the accident.
The scowling police officer orders him to leave and, after trying to do his miracles, Sonny leaves with a smile in the confidence he made of the Lord's work.
Robert Duvall not only gives a moving and realistic performance, surely intended to receive an Oscar appointment, but is also the director, writer, executive and financial producer of the film.
A film has rarely been such a work of love.
With a white suit, a fishing shirt and tie and dark sunglasses, Sonny looks as much like a rock star as a preacher.
Duvall at each movement down.
Even when he walks in the street, the Sonny still strutting cannot contain his energy.
He dances and applauded all along.
Sonny's churches having more black members than white mean that he shares his preaching tasks with many black speakers in a deep voice, but his rhetoric is always competitive.
 "I may be on the Devil's Hit list, but I am on God's broadcast list," he shouts at the congregation in a rebirth tent.
And they go up.
People jump, shout, "Rent the Lord!"
and mean it.
The intensity of their shared religious experience is palpable.
But Sonny is not a saint.
It turns out that he has an wandering eye, which anger his wife Jessie, played in a performance remarkably controlled by Farrah Fawcett.
Jessie takes revenge taking into account the Minister of Youth of the Church and complicating to take control of the Sonny church, leaving him unemployed.
Sonny, letting his temperament take over on him, does something stupid, which makes him leave the city and two beloved children forever.
Most of the film occurs in a small black predominance church in Louisiana, which he built from an abandoned building without congregation in a renovated church ("One Way Road to Heaven: Sainte-Temple") with aenthusiastic herd.
In this part, he reprimands himself as the apostle E.F. Apostre is a hard worker ready to assume any strange work necessary to obtain the funds for his church.
He asks his members of the tithe, but he gives all his money.
And his good deeds extend to secret donations of food for the poor locals.
A man who cannot bear to be motionless, he said to one of his friends: "I left school because I did not do it t like recreation. "
In his new city, he meets toosia (Miranda Richardson), who, like him, has a family whom she has not seen for a while.
Her romance with the separate woman, like the rest of the film, does not follow the standard models we expect from our films.
Billy Bob Thornton presents himself one day by playing a local racist and a general disorder worker.
His confrontation with the apostle is still another of the many surprising scenes of show, again breaking many rules and conceptions on the deeply religious approach.
Although it probably could not end differently, the film concludes things well.
And do not miss the sweet epilogue during the film's fence credits.
An actor's performance of Duvall's strength and a surprising script and dedicated impinite constitute an exceptional and moving film.
The apostle works a little too much at 2: 12.
He is classified PG-13 for blasphemies and brief violence and would go well for children aged eleven and over.