"Stuart Little" is one of the best family films to be released this year.
It is a cute, funny and very good film that has nothing to wiggle for parents, except a few slight words from Cuss.
Although I read the book a long time ago and I really don't remember what it was, I know that this film does not disappoint.
Finally, a film is released which is as good as the trailer, with some surprising twists and turns, very funny moments and some sentimental moments all mixed with a super small film.
Stuart Little is a mouse.
He finally obtained a new home after being adopted, he now lives with the little ones.
A pretty little family (without puns) who lives in their apartment next to Central Park in New York.
They have a little boy George (played by the adorable Jonathan Lipnicki) and now they have a new son.
At the beginning, Stuart takes some time, but he finally adapts to being part of the family and even getting along with the cats for pets.
George does not take too well to have a mouse for a brother at the beginning, but once the two play together, they instantly bind.
Stuart, however, is missing something, and he wants to know who his real parents are.
The little ones try to find his parents and one day they show up on the doorstep by wanting Stuart.
Histle the little ones know what is best for Stuart, just like the snowball the cat for pets, he and his friends try to get Stuart, but in the end, we discover the truth about Stuart's pastending at a sentimental and very comforting end.
One thing I noticed on the film instantly is the fantastic special effects.
Just like in "Star Wars: Episode 1 - The Phantom Threatening" Stuart Little and his family are all generated by computer and they look incredibly real.
The detail of their fur, at detail of how the march; the team of special effects took a long time and efforts on this 90 million dollars film and this is seen.
Another film with which it has in common is "baby" with its animals and the people who understand them.
It has an adapted family atmosphere and is never really frightening or suspended enough to even frighten the youngest of children.
Michael J.FOX makes Stuart's voice himself and, as in the films "Homeward Bound", does a fantastic job and draws more stuart than anyone could.
He adapts the character perfectly and ended up making Stuarts even more kind.
Another gem of the film is Nathan Lane like Snowball.
When he was Timon in "The Lion King" of 1994, I would have sworn that he was an actor, and now in "Stuart Little", he comes out the maximum of snowball and makes him one of these characters that welike to hate.
For human actors, Geena Davis who never gives bad performance does not disappoint here too.
She integrates well into her character and there is good chemistry between her and Hugh Laurie who plays Mr. Petit.
The two make us believe that they are happy in love and married and Jonathan Lipnicki because their song is even more adorable than in "Jerry Maguire" in 1996.
Even if Stuart Little is completely CGI, the human characters and Stuart have beautiful chemistry together and even makes us believe that they really care about each other.
 "Stuart Little" is an ideal family entertainment for this holiday season and will not disappoint young people or adults.
We get entertainment, laughter, cries and more pleasure in the cinema this season than probably any other film.
It's nice to see a film classified at Christmas PG that everyone can see.
Even if he has a budget of $ 90 million, I am sure that it will do it respectively or simply below.
For all your parents who are trying to find a good family film, I have not yet seen Bicentennial Man as I write this but as far as I know "Stuart Little" and "Toy Story 2" are by far the best filmsfamily this year.
a winner .?