No, I did not read Thomas Hardy's novel, "Jude The Obscure", his latest novel (final because this film created an indicative that he never wrote - See: I maderesearch on this subject) on a man who prey to a bad luck throughout his life.
But, after watching the film, I can imagine how incredibly depressing it is.
 "Jude" is a satirical film from start to finish at the end of the way of spitting society and chewing unwanted those in its system, but what is remarkable is how timeless this film is.
The film takes place at the end of the 19th century (or at the beginning of the 20th - was not really sure), but its history could even be told today in a modern form, although it is a little different (agiven).
He tells the story of Jude (Christopher Eccleston - the psychotic accountant of "serious shallow") - a simple young man with a weak spirit with great dreams.
In his dark and disturbing opening, turned in black and grainy white, he obtained a lesson from Phillotson (Liam Cunningham), his teacher: while they stand on a mountain, looking at a city in the distance, he says everything youhave to make a hard time and you can have anything in the world.
After having married and divorced of an immature woman named Arabella (Rachel Griffiths) because they were spoiled in hay (literally) but ultimately shared nothing in common, he moved away in a city with a giant university, with a chance to find out more, stand in life.
Taking a welding work, he works hard while constantly studying for his university bars, reciting Latin again and again and by training.
But when he sends his request for school, he is told without a worker.
Another reason to go to this city was because someone in their family lives there: Sue (Kate Winslet), her cousin and a very intelligent but a little bad woman who wants to be a school teacher.
She and Jude finally click and become very endearing friends, so much so that when she spends the night in her apartment after smoking her work as an apprentice teacher (for none other than Philotson at the local school), thereTo rumors that she and Jude have made them some unpleasant (nudge nudge).
Several twists and turns run in the scenario, and finally Jude and Sue do unpleasant things (an interesting scene, to say the least ...), and were soon born in a controversial non-jura, because it ends up giving birth to their babeetJude inherits his son of Arabella, who returns after a while.
Because they are not married, and because they are cousins, they encounter problems with all the places they go, transporting about two children everywhere and only stay in lodges for a very brief period, then passto something else.
If you didn't think it was hard enough, wait until you see what's going on later ...
The sad truth is that Jude is one of the miserable people who can never be lucky in this world.
He will never accept real happiness, and any happiness that will happen to him will be ephemeral and will probably bring more horrible cases to his life.
Part of this is his fault - he is too optimistic and too gullible.
But society has a way to take these people and hurt them until their death.
The end of "jude" is dark because it must be (although I hear that the end of the novel is even worse - I suppose that I will have to read it now).
 "Jude" offers a satirical vision of the cruelties of society, but shows no way to heal this, and thanking this is not the case.
There is no way to give up the selfishness of society, and any solution would be too small to cure such a mass problem.
Satire has always been one of the rare ways of changing the minds of certain people, and that's what "Jude" is.
Of course, it's a Downer's hell, but you have to be.
The film also poses two fantastic performances of its two tracks, and a good work of support with it.
Christopher Eccleston (Lignll Looking like Richard Edson with his new look and his stupid expression) plays with Jude perfectly, which sometimes brought him a big stupid smile, and doing it a bit like a child at other times.
Kate Winslet, in a pre- "Titanic" performance, is brilliant, nailing each psyche of her character and creating someone who is disturbed but very attractive with her personality.
Kate may be the best actress of her age group (if you don't believe me, see "Titanic", "Hamlet", "Sense and Sensibility" by Branagh, the latter being my favorite performance of hershis).
In the roles of support, Liam Cunningham is a wonderfully imperfect teacher, exhibiting all his bad parts, but ultimately being a fairly good person; and Rachel Griffiths is wonderfully immature as Jude's wife, whom he never divorces.
 "Jude" moves at a very slow pace and continues to taunt her viewers with chances of happiness for her protagonists, which would make some people crazy.
But those who appreciate the right social comment with their films, no matter how slowly or downright depressing (this one is both) will appreciate "Jude", although I doubt that someone really appreciates it.