Land: The good old kid Texan can suddenly play in the first chain quarter in the football team of his high school team, in a city where football is considered religion.
The coach is almost the largest first -rate hole you would like to meet, who will do almost everything to win.
The good old Texan boy does not approve of the methods of said man.
Critique: a fun football film.
This film was obviously intended for the teenage market, with MTV behind its production, a big actor of television star in the main role, Rockin 'Hip Music Galore and a lot of T&A.
That said, I appreciated the appearance of the film, I thought James Van Der Beek gave a solid performance, I loved smooth sounds, and I loved it!
In fact, I thought it was a comedy that entered, but on the whole, it plays more towards the dramatic, than a comedy.
I also appreciated the performance of Jon Voight as a Dick Têtu coach, as well as many other character players from the team.
It is not a classic film by a section of imagination, but it could teach some children the harsh lessons behind the "fun" game of football, or simply allow them to have a good time for about an hour and forty-Cinq minutes the cinema (or in the comfort of their own house, depending on where you look at these things.)
Overall, I would watch this film if you like football, play football or your child succeeds in football in high school.
You can also watch it if you like movies for teenagers with many cute guys and girls who run to do their business.
And did I mention the T&A?
 :)
Facts little known on this film and its stars: James Van der Beek actually started playing after a concussion prevented him from playing football in real life.
He is the eldest of three children, and his father is a cell phone seller while his mother manages a gymnastics studio.
He was born in Connecticut and received $ 200,000 for his role in this film.
Actor Scott Caan, who plays the football player "Tweeder" in this film, is the son of the famous actor James Caan in real life.
It's true, it's Sonny's son!
Actress Amy Smart, who plays Van Der Beek's girlfriend in this film, also played the daughter of the main star in the 1999 film outside Providence (6. 5/10).
Scriptwriter W.Per Iliff also participated in the writing of the scripts for the film by Harrison Ford in 1992, Patriot Games, and the Keanu Reeves Surfing Flick, Point Break.
Director Brian Robbins could be memories like the "DEC cool" of the television series "Head of the Class".
His name was Eric Mandrian and he usually wore a long black trench in the show.
The book Mox (James van der Beek) reads the touch of this film, Hidden Inside The Team's Playbook, is "Slaughterhouse-Five" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.The Combat song at Lycée Played in Rally Pep is the hymn ofThe Texas War A&M.