The only historical figure that has been written on more than William Shakespeare is Jesus Christ, which explains why the Bard documents are such a popular source for remakes, revisions, rewritings, inspiration, subtlety, credit and creditthe dispute.
Indeed, in recent years, contemporary American cinema has been overwhelmed by a washing of Shakespearean products.
Including the next dream of A Midsummer Night, Shakespeare's equipment has been the cause of twenty-six productions on the big screen since 1990.
But for a change of rhythm, Mrs..
Director Brown John Madden gives us a story of the bard himself in the Shakespeare wonderfully vibrant in love.
The story of Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard is largely fantastic, although the spectator learns it soon, Shakespeare in Love is not a film that takes itself seriously.
 (Will Shakespeare of the 1590s would have been married to Anne Hathaway, and he would have had a teenage daughter and two young sons; here, he is a baccalaureate played by Joseph Fiennes.) Will is a writer who has trouble finding a part andHis current comedy in the works - "Romeo and Ethel, the pirate's daughter" - does not seem quite right.
With the help of the great writer Christopher Marlowe (Rupert Everett), and the inspiration of true love with noblewoman Viola de Lesseps (Gwyneth Paltrow), he changes things and writes one of his biggest tragedies, "Romeo and Juliet".
The love story between Will and Viola constantly parallel parallel to the story of Romeo and Juliet.
Fiennes and Paltrow develop a sexy chemistry as two lovers who give the film a lot of momentum; this smooth impetus the bumps of unfinished and largely unsuccessful comedy.
The roles of support are well fulfilled, by Geoffrey Rush as a disturbing agent of Will, Philip, to Tom Wilkinson as producer Hugh Fennyman.
Even Ben Affleck, leading the troop of actors, manages to make a favorable impression; and Judi Dench lends brief moments of screen time as Queen Elizabeth I.Gwyneth Paltrow is by far, however, the star of the Lot, creatingA large percentage of vibrance in prevention.
The story is well designed if nothing else, although it has dangerous moments when it flirts with the "Let's Making A Movie" -Genre.
The dialogue is windy and light, and certainly accessible by the lowest common public denominator.
There is something for everyone in this romantic comedy, which makes the date of the date of the date.
Although certainly not inspiring at any time, he revels in a healthy and well -balanced atmosphere that has been absent in many 1998 images; the history of true love is one of the best in the world.
Admittedly, recommendable when the traditional series of open outings of the indifferent year is fast approaching.