The film begins with a frightening opening sequence to which has the now classic and frightening score of the writer / director / producer John Carpenter who in my mind is a brilliant director, he really is.
He wrote this film, he directed this film, he produced this film and he made the excessively frightening score of this film.
I think it is and will always be famous for this classic which, after 21 years, has not lost its popularity or its ability to scare people.
I think I saw "Halloween" more than 100 times and each time I find something new and brilliant, and each time I am afraid even if I know what will happen.
I have three different versions of the film: a regular VHS version provided with a 20th anniversary t-shirt in a limited edition, a VHS box edition in a rigid coverage case re-masting numerically with the presentation of the original theatrical screen, in a Niftyboîte plastic image with a numbered snow-globe.
In other words, I am completely and completely obsessed with the film.
He changed horror films forever and caused six suites with only 2, 4 and 7 being really good.
He also generated several cheap imitations of the film which were offensive in some respects to a real Halloween fan.
Since I heard about the release of Halloween on DVD in a limited edition of 30,000 copies, I knew that I had to buy one whatever happens!
I did it and the man for me is the best DVD never made with the brilliance of the film.
No word can describe the DVD.
In "Halloween", Michael Myers is a diabolical person who killed his sister in cold blood 16 years ago in 1963.
Now in 1978, adult and in a psychiatric hospital, Michael Myers escapes to return to his hometown of Haddonfield, Illinois, followed by his former Doctor Sam Loomis.
The person that Michael Targets is Laurie Strode who is played by Jamie Lee Curtis during his beginnings in the cinema.
Why does it track it down?
Discover Halloween II, that explains everything.
On this impious evening on October 31, 1978, Laurie Strode and her two friends will have time for their lives, who tries to stay alive.
The whole film is filled with terrifying moments which have just seen Michael Myers walk.
Nick Castle who played the form in the first film has done incredible work, and no other person in any other Halloween film can do what he did.
What John Carpenter did in 1978 is a new revolutionary film, with fears, spirit and style.
The film is impeccable if not perfect.
No other film or continuation was up to it, and in my opinion will never do so.
"Halloween" will be like "Psycho" and will still be extremely popular even almost 40 years later.
I just hope that a "Halloween" day will be released in a new Dolby soundtrack with the 4 additional scenes on the DVD edition.
`` Halloween '' is not only another film of horror of edges and dice, it is an intelligent, horrible and better cinematographic experience ever made.
See "Halloween" and be afraid .... then
Look again!
Examined by Brandon Herring on October 7, 1999.