I was lucky to attend an early projection for the next theory of the Thriller conspiracy.
It was, of course, a big problem for me because reviewing films is essentially a hobby for me and I have never had the chance of something like that.
Not only could I see an early projection, but I could see a projection in advance of a film * very good *.
The very fast film features Mel Gibson in the role of Jerry Fletcher, a rapid comical and spiritual taxi driver in New York.
Gibson's performance is great, and his character is similar to that of Martin Riggs in fatal weapons films.
Gibson joins forces again with Richard to give, as he did in the films of mortal weapons and Maverick, and this time, the combination works even better.
The character of Jerry Fletcher is indeed unique.
Try to imagine a tonic version of Travis Bickle which, this time, is a nervous guy with a knowledge of the concealment of government conspiracy.
If you can imagine it, you mainly have Jerry Fletcher.
In many ways, I was surprised by this film.
To start, I was surprised to see how good it was.
Do not get me wrong, it will not accept next spring golden trophies, but it was a very pleasant film.
Second, I was surprised by Mel Gibson's performance.
He provided a fantastic performance.
The glimpse of this film led me to believe that it was a total action film, which, after visualization, it was almost the opposite in a certain sense.
The character of Gibson has an almost innumerable number of liners, hilarious situations, and his character is the one to whom the public tends to line up along the film.
For example, Jerry's apartment (and especially its safety) is memorable.
And finally, I was surprised by the quality of the plot.
The writer Brian Helgeland has created a great story, and when you watch this film, you wonder if all the theories of Jerry Fletcher's conspiracy (or at least they seem at the beginning) are Helgeland's own opinions.
Mel Gibson is not the only one stands out from the film.
Julia Roberts is very good in her performance as Alice Sutton, the employee of the Ministry of Justice who does not seem to stay away from Jerry Fletcher, who continuously visits Alice in the hope that she will do somethingAbout his theories.
He also seems obsessed and in love with her.
But each time he approaches her with another of her theories, she raises him from the shoulders, he and her beliefs, continuously noting that one day she will slap a ban on him.
Jerry, obviously determined to continuously seek the truth, continues to seek information for his next conspiracy theory, which will be printed in his newsletter (same title as the film).
Although he has only five subscribers, he devotes a lot of time and efforts to his work and publishes his next edition.
Very shortly after, he was removed and tortured by a sinister man who refers to himself like Dr.jonas (Patrick Stewart).
After barely escaped alive, Jerry is forced to turn to the only person he can trust: Alice Sutton.
The rest of the film is almost always fast and full of action and suspense, Jerry's life being constantly endangered.
And more along the way, the public (and Alice) are learning more and more about Jerry's life.
Many things are explained throughout this film, both to the characters and to the public.
For example, the meaning of the book "The Catcher in the Rye" and its links with the assassins, the reason why armed solitary men have three names (for example.
Lee Harvey Oswald and James Earl Ray), and the real truth behind the Grateful Dead.
Make sure you listen carefully throughout the film, because Jerry constantly throws interesting treats like the above.
Certainly, when the conspiracy theory arrives in theaters on August 8, make sure you queue to see it.
I am almost positive that everyone should take advantage of this film, especially Ially if you are in an action thriller with a dialogue full of spirit and many situations of suspense.
And even if you are not, you should always love this film.