"Take a number, fill out a form and wait for your turn."
With Kati Outinen, Kari v? N? Nen, Sakari Kuosmanen, Elina Salo; written and directed by Aki Kaurism? Ki; cinematography by Timo Salminen
It may be possible to call the clouds drifting a satire or a black comedy, but that would imply a feeling of anger, vitriol, energy; the clouds to derive are what you get when the rage and the vitality havedisappeared.
It is the sad and slow story of Lauri and Ilona, a married couple captured between the wheels of capitalism while they climb inexorably.
He loses his job as a tram driver, because everyone drives cars today.
In a few months, she lost her position as chief server, when her restaurant is bought by a chain and all the staff replaced.
A conversation at the start of the film reveals a lot about their situation.
Lauri surprised Ilona by buying her television, which she greets with little enthusiasm.
She notes that they have not yet finished paying the shelves or the sofa.
He says that in four years, payments will be made and then they will be able to buy books for the shelves.
It would pass like an impassive humor if it did not speak with such a resigned weariness.
It sets the tone for the rest of the film.
There is humor and idiosyncracy on the outskirts, but in the center, there is frustration and futility, and sorrow for the way the logic of profit reduces people, untilthat their value is assimilated only to their gain capacity.
There is one element of political comments in this criticism of the mechanisms of capitalism and the abundant social environment which it creates, but by deriving the clouds, the politician is subsumed by the staff: the film talks about two people and whathappens, and nothing else.
Lauri and Ilona Live Lives hungry for friendship, respect, culture, passion.
They go to the cinema and pass in front of old posters for the Atalante and the Money, but the film they have just seen is a useless, violent and funny comedy.
Their house and their workplaces are uniformly unpleasant, painted and padded in lifeless colors (ugly vegetables, dull reds, insipid blues), full of objects and devices in an inelegantly functional way.
The artistic design is impeccable in its peak and the director Aki Kaurism? Ki often corresponds to the color of the clothes of the characters with the background color and / or the lighting, so that it seems that they are almost physically fading inthe environment.
There is no suggestion of sexuality in the relationship; Ilona and Lauri sleep in separate beds and their gestures of affection do not have the warmth of desire; their life is now linked by something more complex and desperate thanLove.
Their downwards, reduced and oppressed, have a momentum which is almost comical, because one setback succeeds, in terms of end when Lauri gushes all their remaining money on the rotation of a wheel.
He had to be tempting to play history for more laughs, more farce, more impassive spirit, but the great strength of the film is the sober and empathetic way in which he observes the misfortunes of Lauri and Ilona.
Irony would be an injustice.
The situations and the parameters are wide and exaggerated - it is not realism - but they are not distorted.
The emotions are authentic.
If it is difficult to laugh at everything that is happening, despite the funny performances, the laconic humor, it is because the kaurism? Ki brings such compassion and understanding to the unworthy of the multiples which are suffered.
He shows us how humiliating he must be for a thirty-eight woman, who worked for a long time and hard to win a respectable position, to be forced to accept a dishwasher job in a two-bit restaurant;point he must be humiliating for a man close to 50 Come on the money.
All this is observed strongly, with a great economy: each cut, each line of dialogue, is judicious.
If most films are romantic in their story, it brings the concentration and concentration of a new to bear.
But what is won in the nuances and the meaning of meaning is rather undermined by the feeling that the material barely welcomes the length of racing of 96 minutes.
I have seen many much less deep, less human, less needed films than the derivative clouds, but they filled me with desire to see them again, and this one did not do it.
It does not need to be seen twice: all details and implications can be absorbed in a single visualization.
It is not a film that will be seen by a large audience, because it cannot be put to one.
There is no point of sale.
It is all euphemism, retained, melancholy.
The characters are commonplace, their best years behind them, their dreams have dissipated; it takes every effort they can bring together just to pay the bills.
This makes them less fascinating, simply less marketable, which is a shame, because it is a film that should be seen, precisely because it pays attention to the people and the emotions that most films prefer to ignore.
He hires us and touches us and solves - surprise, and moving - in something that looks like a happy ending.
The only thing bigger than the unlucky that governs the life of the characters is their refusal to give in to despair.
Their persistence is rewarded by what could be called an end of "sensation" elsewhere, but not here, because this end differs in kind from most of these ends: it has really been won.