When I learned for the first time that Disney's next animated function was going to be Tarzan, I was almost horrified.
I was worried that Disney was going to do another Hercules (sorry, Jerk-Ules).
This effort was too overloaded with comedy (and the hero was too boastful and pompous to be considered a nice hero), and, after seeing him to date, I find that it is a shame for Disney animation.
When I saw the trailers, I thought "hmm ... ..
It's not bad at all.
It could well have potential. "
When I bought the soundtrack, I was really surprised to see how different it sounded from most of the Disney features.
I have never really heard of Phil Collins, and I haven't heard of Mark Mancina, so I wondered, how would these two make this Disney film?
I was pleasantly surprised: the music is first -rate.
The songs of Phil Collins are great and heavy work of percussion which seem to break the formula for the songs typical of Disney.
The score of Mark Mancina was also treated; it reminded me a little of the Lion King, but it was more original.
So the soundtrack was not at all bad, since it was by two people that I do not know.
This film could be good ...
But will it be?
When I finally went to see him (the day of opening, as I tend to do with most of the animated Disney features), my question was answered, in a complete reversal of expectations for me: Tarzan deDisney is surprisingly decent.
The story begins with the parents of Tarzan surviving a sinking and finding a house on an island where the monkeys live in peace.
However, one day, a vicious leopard, Sabor, attacks and kills Tarzan's parents, leaving him (at that time, a baby) alone, until Kala of the monkeys saved him.
Kala wants to raise the child like hers (she lost hers before Sabor), but her companion, Kerchak is not too sure.
 "It's not our genre," he said.
He accepts, however, to let her take care of the little Tarzan, but "that does not make him my son".
Tarzan grows, promising to be "the best monkey of all time", but no matter how much he tries or what he does (in the direction of his hilarious monkey friend, terk), he cannot simplyNot convince Kerchak that he is part of the monkeys, even when he beats Sabor in a battle.
One day, a new animal presents itself: humans.
This is where Jane enters the scene.
She is on an expedition with her father (Professor Porter) and a despicable hunter (Clayton) looking for gorillas.
Tarzan saves her when she is chased by baboons, and soon they get to know each other.
Even if Tarzan falls in love with Jane, it hurts things.
Clayton encourages Tarzan to take him, Jane and wear to see the monkeys, who are convinced that he betrayed them.
Worse, Clayton plotted to send the gorillas to London for money.
Will Tarzan discover which family it belongs and will save the monkeys?
I'm not going to tell you, sorry.
You will have to see for yourself.
And see it, you should; the animation is, as always, first -rate, especially when Tarzan soar through the trees (read this, skateboarding).
The effect generated by computer in deep canvas adds an authentic feeling to the jungle in which Tarzan lives.
In fact, it seems similar to the CEL computer / animation / animation combination in Rivaux Disney animated films, such as the Prince of Egypt of Fox and Dreamworks.
Could it be that Disney really took ideas from their rivals?
The cast is quite good.
Tony Goldwyn is emotionally creatable like Tarzan (and in my relief, the animators managed not to make him another Hercules.
Well done), and Glenn Close is wonderful like Kala (she also has a beautiful singing voice, that is said).
Lances Henrikson as Kerchak somewhat reminds me of the voice of the beast of Robby Benson, which makes him all the more ferocious and captivating.
Minnie Driver had worried me a little at first like Jane's voice.
I thought she had the most Nnoying Voice throughout the film (when I saw the trailers for the first time), but when I saw the film, I had no problem with her.
I resume my insult on the driver.
It's nice to hear Nigel Hawthorne making another voice for a Disney animated function (he was Fflewdurr Flamm in the most underestimated classic in Disney, The Black Cauldron); he is funny and delicious as a Porter teacher.
On the Villiany side of the Voices, Brian Brussed (the guy who made the boss Nass in Star Wars: Episode I-The Phantom threatened) brings a pompous and later vicious voice to the sinister Clayton.
He may not be the strongest character in the film (he is just a simple villain, nothing else), but the vocal work of Brussed contributes greatly.
But if there is a voice which, I think, flies the whole show, it should be Rosie O'Donnell, who is hilarious like Terk.
She also has an attitude of Fiesty ("I'm going to kill you!"
she said, more than once).
I almost sang with her during one of the best moments in the film, where the monkeys make a mess of the human camp, via Song, Uh, Scatting "Shoo-Be-Doo, Da-Be-Dah".
I can see why she wanted to have a rock song for the film, she is a good singer.
Not that she is the only funny character in the film, however.
Wayne Knight (who played Stan in Space Jam) gives a fanciful style to Tantor, an elephant who is particularly worried about entering "non -health" water.
 (Fortunately, there is no real sound of the plane - which would have killed the image).
The songs, as I have already said, are decent, mainly sung by Collins.
This establishes a new standard for Disney animated films because for the first time, the characters do not sing.
I tolerate the characters' musical numbers much more than some others, but I found that it was a good change of rhythm.
The story contains elements of comedy, but they also load it with strong dramatic touches, which makes this film much better than the Hercules incredibly without inspiration.
If there is something disappointing about Tarzan, it could be the omission of the 'n Sync version of "Trashing the Camp" of the film.
I heard it on the soundtrack and wondered where it was going to be.
I was upset that this is not the case, because I thought of taking some friends who like to be synchronized to see Tarzan.
too bad ...
Overall, I was fascinated by Tarzan.
I would not hold high as I do with Mulan or the hunchbacked of Notre Dame (my favorite Disney classics of all time), but this film deserves a high place among the greatest achievements of Disney.
I am giving a nod to Disney for having followed their spectacular masterpiece * * * *, Mulan, with this great animated adaptation of the Tarzan of Egar Rice Burrough.