GLORY - Dispering Matthew Broderick, Denzel Washington and Morgan Freeman - is the real story of the 54th Massachusetts regiment, the first black combat unit recruited by the North during the civil war.
Broderick plays Robert Gould Shaw, the young white officer who led black soldiers to combat.
Shaw, the son of wealthy abolitionists, was from the Boston High Society.
The letters he wrote at home to his parents during the war are exhibited at Harvard and were, obviously, inspiration for glory.
While the film began in 1862, Shaw was captain in the North forces.
Like soldier Eriksson (Michael J
Shaw first hands the horror and the chaos of the battle, testifying to mass mass and receiving a minor injury injuring itself when a ball strikes the neck.
Shortly after his recovery, Shaw was promoted to Colonel and responsible for enlisting and forming blacks in the war effort.
Glory is the story not only of Colonel Shaw, but also of black soldiers who expressed their lives to release their brothers from slavery.
The film jumps periodically between Shaw's point of view and the prospect of black soldiers.
The film presents a handful of black recruits to us, and we follow them with their enrollment thanks to basic training and finally to action.
The large black distribution is uniformly exceptional, in particular Washington which is electrifying as a slave on the run with a big mouth.
He is impetuous and arrogant, always is trouble and looking for a fight.
Its bitter and hard facade is really just a mask for its solitude and vulnerability.
Washington provides a large part of the intensity and emotional power of the film.
In a heartbreaking scene, he is whipped for having allegedly deserted the army.
When he takes off his shirt to receive punishment, you creak teeth at the sight of his back, which is riddled with ugly scars of his life as a slave.
It boils your blood.
The humiliation of blows is much more traumatic than the real physical pain it brings; a tear takes place on the Washington cheek - and will probably also flow your cheek.
The episode becomes even more tragic when we learn that Washington did not desert the army at all; he left the camp to look for shoes because his feet were covered with oozing wounds.
Freeman is, as usual, a strong presence, even in a small support role.
He plays a serious digger who buried more white soldiers than he remembers.
He quickly became a leader among black soldiers, holding the group together and serving as a liaison with the white officers.
Colonel Shaw recognizes the leadership capacity of Freeman and promotes him to Sergeant-Major, making him the first black army officer.
Andre Braugher is making an impressive cinema debut in the role of Thomas Searles, a free black that is one of Shaw's friends of the childhood.
Searles is educated and refined, like a white man, inciting Washington to nickname him "snow flake".
The burning question is whether Searles is difficult enough to survive the basic training and kill in combat.
The walking exercise route to fight the action is jumper for the Black Regiment.
The soldiers suffer from countless tests, but in one way or another, they never lose their morale.
The army treats black soldiers as second -class citizens, subjecting them to racism and discrimination.
They are only paid $ 10 per month, while their white counterparts earn thirteen and, for a long time, they must do without shoes, rifles or uniforms.
To worsen things, the white military hierarchy is extremely reluctant to allow blacks of action, preferring to use them for manual work.
Finally, however, the regiment receives its boots, its uniforms, its rifles and its right of combat, thanks to the stubborn resolution of Colonel Shaw.
shot AW has an absolutely faith in his soldiers, and he fights for the teeth and nails to get them what they deserve, even if it means threatening a blackmail.
Broderick, in fact, is the most convincing in the scenes where Shaw defends the regiment.
Unfortunately, however, the uneven performance of Brooderick is, in many ways, the weak link of the film.
In an effort to appear more mature, Broderick has a mustache and a bearder, and throughout the film, he slips into a false Boston accent.
He has never been completely convincing like Shaw since most of the time, his emotions seem forced.
The film grants too much weight on the character of Broderick and not enough on black soldiers, who are more intriguing.
Glory takes up lost ground with his heartbreaking representation of war.
The film shows the devastation of war without resorting to the unnecessarily graphic gore that was spoiled born on July 4.
Glory does not try to make you vibrate with blood and nauseating guts.
With the exception of a few ball injuries and an exploding head, the film, for the most part, leaves the gore to your imagination, which does not mean that the battle scenes in glory are timid.
On the contrary, they are chaotic and horrible; it's just that director Edward Zwick (the co-creator of "Thirty") films them with much more subtlety and restraint that Oliver Stone could never bring together.
The key to glory is group dynamics among black soldiers.
The film represents a part (but not enough) of their customs and rituals.
In a scene, for example, the soldiers motivate themselves by singing prayers around the campfire.
Each man has a chance to relay a few words of inspiration.
A couple of the most touching moments of the film implies that young black children turn to black soldiers with fear, disbelief and pride.
The greatest triumph of the regiment occurs when the soldiers distinguished themselves in combat, thus gaining respect for their white peers and winning the honor of directing the assault culminating against Fort Wagner.
Like any war film, Glory has its share of sadness and despair, but in the end, it turns out to be a really edifying experience and an important history lesson, a precious reminder that despite what the books ofHistory say (or, more precisely, what they do not do), the blacks have played an extremely important role in the victory of the North on the South - to change the evolution of America.