It's been a long time since we had a good old -fashioned thriller, where most of the time everything is fine for the public and badly for the characters, but it was even longer since I saw a thrillerWho is in fact * shocked * take care of the characters, pasles judged simply but in fact allowed their human weaknesses, their faults and their forces to emerge so radiant.
I had seen that it had been at least a few decades, even behind the great Hitchcock thrillers, although I barely compare "a simple plan" for, say, "rear window" or "foreigners on a train".
However, it's almost as good.
It's simple, but strangely complex, and surprisingly rewarding, because instead of moving from the plot point to the point of the plot, and simply exposing connotations, it is rather concerned with moral corruption and depths ofThe greed that his protagonists can go to everyone without ever judging them as bad or even immoral.
Elegantly led by Sam Raimi (yes, the same thing), "a simple plan" is concerned with the discovery of a crushed plane and in a bag full of millions of dollars by a right worker, moderately financially stable (Bill Paxton),Sonfrère to the spirit DIM (Billy Bob Thornton), and his drinking boyfriend (Brent Briscoe).
Without anyone around, and the possibility that no one comes to seek, debate and debate, but end up coming to the decision that yes, they will keep it, but until all the authorities or the possible owners of theMoney come to search, and therefore they are not, not having displayed anything that they do not want to display, they will keep it stored under the care of Paxton.
The possibilities of this circumstance are very diverse: a) They could constantly play chat and mouse with the authorities; b) they could try to fight the legitimate owners, who are nasty or just; or c) they could fight between them.
 "A simple plan", although it borrows a little from each of these.
A little Tiff with the cops here, a secondary intrigue involving an alleged FBI agent (a frightening Gary Cole)), and a little arguing here.
But, as Austin Powers would say, it is not necessarily his bag (baby).
What I admired the most about this film, and what makes it a much superior and unique thriller is that it is capable of having its cake and eating it too.
This effectively implies some of the traditional thriller shots, such as those mentioned above, but at the same time, it is more deeply involved with the way the characters become morally corrupt and the price they have to pay to have whatThey think they are happiness in a black sports bag.
Thus, while the steps are taken to carefully cover things, and these following stages are miserably pain, the film chooses never to lose sight which by covering things insofar as these characters must, they slowly lose their soul andtheir humanity.
In a first scene, Paxton and Thornton must take a trip to the plane to return part of the money, so it does not seem to have been stolen (not a bad idea), when Thornton shouts (as hecontinuously made all along the film), and Paxton must make a major coverage (read: homicide).
Instead of rapid murder and imminent hand washing, Raimi shows a long painful shot from a small angle on Paxton's face when he tries to scrutinize his emotions and reach a conclusion.
There is a similar blow after Paxton who looks at the murder he commits and takes all the horror which is also wonderfully effective, but the previous plan is even better: more morally complex and more heartbreaking.
In short, probably the best element of direction that Raimi has ever done, demonstrating once again that sometimes the easiest way to do something gives the best results (for additional proof, look at the "sex scene" of "Persona "and attend what can be the best Cène Ingmar Bergman has always finished).
But the film Barely stops here; he follows completely and rarely loses sight of his characters humanity and his exhaustion.
However, he also goes from step to step in such a graceful method that we never have the impression that the film is simply eliminating the points of the intrigue of history.
When the time comes for Paxton to start becoming selfish and therefore diabolical (with the help of his pregnant wife, played by Bridget Fonda, a friend in Raimi), he does it, and soon the horror of the situation arguesat tragic heights.
There are at least two big shootings, and at least one of them can be one of the greatest shootings in the history of cinema, and when they arrive, they do not come with a masochistic delight but withA horror causing teeth.
During this one, I actually poured into my chair, with the mantra "they can't do that, right?"
I put in my head.
In fact, this film, which obtains many comparisons with the "superior, but forgets it" of the coen ", has many similar moments of maniac madness, attributed to the great quantity of subtlety and restraint with which the directors direct thisWho, in other hands, would be an exaggerated distraction (imagine, I suppose, Robert Rodriguez directs it
Again, after having seen the films "Evil Dead", I would barely suppose that Raimi would be able to achieve something like that, although there are moments of the film which are easily nicknamed "Raimi" moments,despite a rifle).
Instead, Raimi mature with maturity and a gentle touch, easily leaving the story and the characters coexist, while leaving some of the most traditional Raimi elements out, like offbeat comic touches.
More specifically, the character of Billy Bob Thornton, Jacob, is a brilliant creation.
His silhouette is often hilarious (mostly the film, each line he pronounced was greeted by howling laughter), but there is an authenticity of the performance which ensures strangely that we do not completely laugh at him.
The laughter he obtains are not necessarily those of full condescension because Thornton is so real.
Jacob is a multidimensional character, and while being stupid, we see it as not so much a defect, but a force for his character: his simplicity is endearing and many of the acts he commits is from a strong system ofInner force and belief, mainly towards the middle where his bud and his co-conspirator are starting to make heavy waves concerning money.
The last third of the film spends a lot of time with him, and a lot of touches to his character, not only by Thornton but also by the scriptwriter Scott B. Smith (adapting his own book, by the way) is simply great.
I particularly admired a story of the back on an old girlfriend of the school, told by Thornton with such sincerity and such meaning that cruel history is reversed with an almost playful sweetness and its strength of its saddened character.
Thornton is absolutely brilliant in this performance, by far the best performance he has ever given and the additional proof that he is the best character actor in contemporary cinema (if you don't believe me, go back and look at hisWonderful performance in "Primary Colors", "a performance that would have been nominated for an Oscar if it had not been the same year) because it is easily capable of slipping into a character and making it completely and completely credible.
It brings so much weight to the film that, as for most character actors, it is difficult to imagine someone else in the role.
The rest of the distribution is also great, of the man who works in decline of Paxton in the sheriff of the kind city of Chelcie Ross.
Even Fonda shows his talents.
And if I had complaints concerning the film, it is that the plot is almost too simplistic, and that sometimes it looks too much like an exercise, like a cruel test on humanity which always pays attention to humanityinvolved.
And the occasional narration is, as it is boring (narration should be used with extreme caution, especially when you try to put things and / or express emotions-did Raimi look at the first murder scene?).
And, the thing that can most generally go wrong with a film, the end is essentially bad.
I will not reveal it, but it is far too cruel and too much of a stranger configuration, as if the appearance of an aircraft was not already too much.
For a film that treats so well and so intimately with the humanity of the characters involved, it is the bad end.
Imagine an end controlled by the character; if not, it is as if in "crime and punishment" if the police had caught it instead of breaking down and confessing ... not that I compare "a simple plan"in Dostoevsky.
The end works, despite my protests, but for me, there was something constantly harassing and unsatisfactory; but if you had no scruples and you were happy as a clash with that, then ignore me and passto your day.
But despite my simple claims, do not be mistaken that I was completely and completely the edge of my seat, and even sometimes while blocking by the situations that have occurred, not because of any type of gore factor (which isFortunately for that, very minimal), but because the film places its characters in situations and gives them so painful things to overcome that I have frankly not seen that for some time.
At least since the previous masterpiece of Hitchcockian.