Disney cements their place at the tip of animation of feature films with the release of their last lively adventure, Mulan.
Although he adheres a little too close to the Disney formula to be perfect, it is nevertheless an entertaining film for children and adults.
Fa Mulan (Ming-Na Wen, Singing: Lea Salonga) wants nothing more than being a devoted girl and honoring her family ... it's
Just that she does not integrate quite with the falls of friction of her time.
While most of the girls are trying to seek the approval of the local contribution (Miriam Margoyles) quietly and impatiently, Mulan would prefer to speak his mind.
But there are problems on the horizon.
The evil, led by Shan-Yu (Miguel Ferrer), invade China.
The Emperor (Pat Morita) decreed that each family must give a man to serve in the army.
The only man in Mulan's family is his father, Fa Zhou (Soon-Tek Oh), who, old and with a bad leg, honorably accepts his fate.
Mulan, on the other hand, decides to save his father's life ... by
Secretly pretending to be a man and taking his place on the battlefield.
Mulan, under the alleged name of Ping, appears at the camp where she, as well as the other clumsy recruits, Yao (Harvey Fierstein), dog-po (Jerry Tondo) and Ling (Gedde Watanabe), are trained in the art of theWar by the War Carpitaine Shang (born d.
Wong, song: Donny Osmond).
But she is not alone in her tasks ... in
Typical Disney fashion, she has three animal companions: her horse Khan, a lucky cricket and a "guardian" dragon the size of a pint called Mushu (Eddie Murphy).
Like the gargoyles in the hunchback of Notre Dame, humor in Mulan is lukewarm and does not flow well with the rest of the most serious history.
Of course, some occasional comic reliefs are welcome, especially in a film intended for the younger whole, but Mulan too.
The overdose of humor transforms which could have been a powerfully large film into a good schizophrenic experience.
But, this comment apart, it is a very well done film (which makes the addition of formula all the more regrettable).
The animation is equal with some of the best in Disney.
The story itself is interesting and the action scenes are impressive.
The musical score of the film is pleasant, however, as was the case with the recent work of Disney, the songs are especially forgettable.
At least, we are only subjected to four of them this time.
Mulan has the highest number of deaths of any Disney cartoon to date.
Most of the murder is out of screen and everything is very dependent (there is nothing to compare with the death of Mufasa or Bambi's mother).
There is nothing graphic, and the film lies perfectly in a dimension G.
Children will probably have more questions about restrictive old customs than on the slaughter of armies.
It is ironic that a film concerned about tradition is embarrassed due to its strict adhesion to the Disney tradition.
If the filmmakers had the courage to reduce humor, to chop compulsory songs and to remove compulsory (and somewhat unrealistic) romance, they could have had a classic in their hands.
Instead, they just offer a great time to the cinema.