The promotion of fear and disgust in Las Vegas? Made the film as a comedy, and for about the first hour, it seems that it is one.
We are in 1971, and the hippie movement left about a few washes, including journalist Raoul Duke (Johnny Depp) and his "lawyer" Dr.Gonzo (Benito Del Toro).
These two pass most of the film in a stupor induced by drugs, having strange hallucinations, ransacking their hotel rooms, and is boring or frightening almost everyone crossing their path.
Duke is first assigned to cover an outdoor desert motorcycle race in Las Vegas, but gets lost in a blur of drugs, beer and flying dust, and ends up wandering without any idea who won.
He leaves Vegas briefly before he was returned, in what can only be described as a strangely appropriate touch of fate, to cover a conference on the application of drugs.
Fear and disgust were misinterpreted by some as glorifying the use of drugs.
This is not the case, even at the beginning - while the buffoonery of the pair are sometimes fun and relatively harmless at the beginning, the humor here is still quite dark.
Director Terry Gilliam considers them with a rather satirical eye, and even when we laugh, we laugh at them rather than with them.
They spend most of their paranoid time, angry or simply confusing, which is probably an understandable reaction to see the whole room suddenly fill with giant reptiles.
Black comedy can be entertaining to look on the screen, but it is probably not something that most other members of the public would like to discover first.
All this apart, I started to become a little agitated when the film was approaching its brand of an hour, thinking of myself that I wanted something more from that a simple quirky satiredrug culture.
Fortunately, the script book for too long, because Duke, in a rare moment of lucidity, stops to recall how he was once an enthusiastic hippie, "on the wave" of something that seemed special and important.
Now he's six years later and the wave has finally broken, as he says.
Materialist culture is always very lively and, for most of this film, in the face in Las Vegas; the "American dream" of which Duke speaks occasionally is always as superficial and bogus as ever.
Social demonstrators have lost, and the most questionable aspects of the movement have become ugly and left losses such as Duke to derive in a sea of drugs and disillusionment.
In many ways, fear and disgust are the most based film on the reality of Gilliam; all its others, with the exception of Fisher King, used a kind of elements of fantastic intrigue or science-fiction.
However, it is his masterpiece outside the wall of Brazil? What is this film presents the most visual resemblance.
The protagonist of Brazil found himself alternately surrounded by a plastic and soulless society and the constant chaos of the inspections of the totalitarian police and terrorist attacks, and likewise the world of Duke is composed of the artificial and empty glamor of Las VegasAnd the bizarre anarchy of his drug hallucinations.
Unlike the Brazil protagonist, however, Duke is not a particularly admirable figure, and Gonzo either.
During the second half of the film, their travels become wicked and the consequences worse, ending up accumulating a dinner in which Gonzo roughly frightens and humiliates a waitress, while Duke, although he does not seemApprove, does not do anything to stop it either.
As this scene takes place, they do not look like hippies or paacenniks or demonstrators or anything in this way; they just seem to be some jerks stoned in a restaurant.
Duke seems to realize at a certain level that he has become something he does not like, but he is too apathetic or too defeated to do anything to change.
This film has taken a critical x -ray of many of those who consider it an essentially useless film that Thro WS a travel scene after another to the public.
While Gilliam may have exaggerated him in a few places, I think he and his co-authors deserve more credit than that.
There are a lot of substance here, in particular in the second period; its observations on the broken and defeated rebels of the 60s and the objects of their rebellion are not generally very pleasant.
Unlike, say, in Brazil? Or the Fisher King, who both present a character who dares to let himself dream in a repressive environment, fear and reluctance in Las Vegas? Shows us someone who abandoned his dreams and usesto the rapid drug solution.
In its own psychedelic and breathtaking way, it is sad and regrettable, but I think it is also a bit of a kick in the pants, a challenge to find an alternative between the chemically induced withdrawal and the drug just as addictiveVegas style materialism.
Indeed, Duke himself admits at some point that he has never learned to accept that you can become higher without drugs than with them.
I do not know if it is closer to accept it at the end or not, but I suspect that the public will have the idea.