Capsule: earthy, experimental, difficult, shocking frank (even for 1997!), And finally refreshing the story of a black man on the run of the cops.
The first minutes of Sweet Sweetback's Baad Asssss song (yes, I checked - it's a good number of SS) are without dialogue, just strange sounds of sounds.
A young boy, obviously badly nourished, is taken and fed up with several magnetic personalities by mother.
Then, one of them takes the boy to bed for a sexual initiative (under title credits) which is much more confronted and shocking than ten basic instincts - probably because he has the franchise and the clumsiness of theReal life, something we are not used to see on the screen.
It is a difficult film to swallow, whatever you are, but it probably reflects more how pale and undisputed films have recently obtained.
 (I suspect that sex scenes in films like El Topo and Salo would probably melt the synapses of most modern audiences.)
The plot is simple but not simple.
Sweetback, worried by two white cops who seek just an excuse to beat a black man, breaks his ties and runs like hell.
Along the way, it moves through a good number of the types of environments that we are just being seen in a more serious day in the films - or not at all, by the way: the slums, themissions, ghetto.
In other films, less, Sweetback would be everything to make the machine gun in sight and the final credits would roll on a bunch of body; in this one, we are taken to a sort of tour of the depressing and anarchic world that Sweetbackhold for granted.
SSBAS appeared for the first time in 1971 and was quickly classified X ("by a completely white jury", while director Melvin Van Peebles sang in his legendary advertising campaigns), and he did not surprise why.
There is a lot of sex in the film, but it is managed in a way that is incredibly frank - a frankness that leads to the rest of the film.
In a scene, Sweetback visits a friend's house in the hope of getting a sanctuary there, and the other man discusses him during the toilet.
We are not used to getting closer to the people of real life, not to mention films - especially not people who are not made to be glamorous.
The film is also full of experimental stylisms which are relatively unused today, but probably because of this seem curiously fresh and new in the hands of Van Peebles.
A scene, in which a man is questioned by the cops, is loaded with threatening energy while they shoot a pistol a few centimeters from his ears and suggest his deafness through an intelligently edited soundtrack.
Another note: SSBAS is not so much anti-white (it would be too easy) as anti-authority, and as the film demonstrates, the authority exists in many forms-governments, churches and even paranoidInside the Spirit.
Ssbas finally talks about thirst for freedom - and it seems that we can use a little more in our film regime, God knows.