Have you ever wondered if death is something that happens simply naturally, at some point, in life?
Or if it is an event that is predetermined by a much greater force in the world, or outside it?
These stimulating questions are the subject of "final destination", which is the most fascinating horror drama since "The Sixth Sense" in 1999.
Elegantly filmed and tense directed by the Alun "X-Files" James Wong, the film deals with several fairly heavy subjects who are honestly discussed by adolescent characters (in a "adolescent" with precision, rather than a highly intellectualized dialogue andEven with Harvardles Erudités would not use), while turning into a dark and seriously strange thriller which leaves you uncomfortable for the horribly real opening twenty minutes towards the less concessible epilogue, but always full of suspense.
At the start of the film, Alex Browning (Devon Sawa), a 17 -year -old high school student, is about to go with his French course for 40 students for an excursion to Paris.
Gradually obtaining a case of open -air caliber, he spots several mysterious "coincidences", including the starting time of 9: 25, the same as his anniversary of September 25, as well as the song of John Denver "Rocky Mountain High"The airport's bathroom on the audiodans system.
 "John Denver died in a plane crash," Rémonne reluctantly Alex.
Once seated, Alex suddenly obtains a horrible premonition about the plane exploding during takeoff, and after provoking a row on board, as well as six other students and a teacher, are launched.
Distributing in the airport hall, Alex's suspicions are realized when the plane really explodes in flight, killing the 300+ passengers, including the rest of their classmates.
While two investigators question Alex about the way he knew that the plane was going to explode, the other survivors, whom he saved, treat him in various ways.
Carter (Kerr Smith), the Jock Hatshot, holds him in contempt because he believes that it is only himself who can decide on his fate.
Alex's best friend, Tod (Chad e. Donella), wants to hold him but cannot because of his frightening parents.
The professor, Ms. Lewton (Kristen Cloke), is afraid by him, believing that it was he who caused a disaster, as well as in a state of guilt to have abandoned his seat on the plane to a colleague.
Only Outsider Clear Rivers (Ali Larter), who put on board the plane due to a sudden connection with the premonition of Alex, even if she had never even talked to him before, is friendly and grateful for having saved himthe life.
It is only the configuration of the "final destination", and the less he says about the following, the better.
It is enough to say that the film is indeed transformed into a slasher film, although more thoughtful than most, and replaces a maniac waving knives for the grandfather's killer never seen by all, the Grim Reaper himself.
The sets in any horror film are the scenes of death, and "Final Destination" surely stimulates some of the most inventive to decorate the silver screen for years.
Graphic and brilliantly orchestrated in a Goldbergesque Rube manner, they manage to be so intense that you do not know if you have to shrink in your seat, type on your nervous feet or divert yourself.
Devon Sawa, a rising star who has wipmed his skills in physical comedy in the 1999 sub-Slasher comedy, "Idle Hands", is even more a charismatic presence here.
The contradictory emotions he feels for his survival, that he comes to believe that he was not supposed to do, as well as the loss of other passengers, is superbly and subtly acted on his part.
A scene, in which he looks at a report on the accident and slowly begins to break down is particularly realistic and powerful.
Ali Larter ("Varsity Blues" from 1999), in the other central role, is also an effect Ive, as a girl whose life was going well until her father's death in a convenience store in years before, leaving her stuck with an increasingly carefree mother who married a man loutish -exactly opposed to his father who deceased.
The other roles are not as entirely written and most are rather unidimensional.
The film is mainly from Sawa, however, and the rest of the actors are equipped well in limited roles.
Tony Todd ("Candyman" of 1992), as an arcanic morgue attendant, appears for a camée of five minutes, but his appearance is rather over -groove.
And the aforementioned dialogue sometimes strikes the Bullseye, while at other times, it hovers to be a little too Macré and Campy.
In the end, what is so good in the "final destination" is that, within the limits of the Slasher genre, the screenwriter-director Wong and the writers Glen Morgan and Jeffrey Reddick created a premise that did notNever been seen before in this way, and a filmcela has the ability to surprise and scare - two things that are rarely in today's horror films.
If anything, it is prudent to say that you will never watch out in planes in the same way.