Perhaps the most dramatic changes in the film industry during this decade have to do with special effects.
There is no doubt that action-adventure and science fiction films are now judged by the character of their light and their noise.
While classic adventure photos of the last twenty years, such as Raiders of the Lost Ark, have been made in large traditional ways; contemporary films like Jurassic Park are creations of several million dollars in computer technology.
The last in this series of visually impressive films, The Matrix of Wachowski Brothers, testifies to the qualified use of special effects and its ability to improve the history of a film.
Unlike many science fiction films that promote heavy blockbusters of effects but that do not hold this promise, the matrix is an event of carefully constructed special effects.
It lasts 135 minutes and uses an incalculable number of computerized stuff that goes from the grandiose gadget, and the quality of the effects remains constant over the entire length of the film.
Contrary to the popular trend, the matrix undertakes to be a spectacle of light and sound.
In this regard, the film is something like a clear card.
With its stripped flashy mass, the matrix would be quite shallow and without talent.
The script is typically weak and the dialogue suffers instead of a much more innovative visual approach.
But, like the net card, the matrix arouses its audience to such a high degree that the real content is not relevant.
Viewers do not care what the matrix has to say as long as the next special effect sequence is fast approaching.
And just at the corner of the street, they are usually, because the script tells a quick story, although frequently revised.
As the film explains, the world as we know it is nothing other than a drawn computer program built by an artificial intelligence in order to reach humanity.
Billions of human beings are in this sleeping state while intelligence - the matrix - "firm" our vital energy.
Only a limited group of individuals knows the "real" world, and a particularly ingenious team of these rebels is led by an ultra-cool morpheus (Laurence Fishburne).
Morpheus and his crew recruit a computer expert named Neo (Keanu Reeves), believing that he is a prophesied individual who will help them overthrow the matrix and send peace to earth.
The casting plays this story elegantly.
The design of the game is very dynamic, performing the gambit between Régi and Morne to shiny and airy.
The costumes, as well as the actors who carry them, add to the roles.
For example, the antagonists manifested from the film, a group of agents "created by the matrix in her computer program, all dress in assorted secret clothes; the rebel fighters, on the other hand, dress in rich hues of leather leather.
The cast cannot be criticized, because typically stoic reeves are not necessary to say a lot and Laurence Fishburne gets a lot of time to be so cool.
Supports in Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano and Hugo Weaving are all effective.
One of the best comparisons with Thw Matrix is last year's science fiction masterpiece, Dark City, especially if we think about how this same premise would have worked from adifferent approach.
Alex Proyas' film was much darker and introspective, requiring a little reflection before the themes become clear; here, the Wachowski brothers managed to build a thrilling film with little abandonment and a lot of noise.
The best image between the two depends on the spectator, but the key to the success of the matrix is that the noise has not bothered the pleasure.