When I arrived at the theater during the opening credits, I sat down and I prepared myself for what seemed to be "Hellraiser meets the crow".
But as soon as Kiefer Sutherland began to speak the narrative monologue, describing "foreigners" and their reasons for contacting human beings, I was addicted.
There was something particularly convincing in the nature of his voice.
I knew from the start that I was going to attend the actions of his character rather than the actor who tries the character.
Sutherland played the role of real veteran.
At the end of its monologue, the camera arrives on Sutherland in such a way that you can only ask you how long Alex Proyas spent cinematography.
I imagine, for a film of this caliber, that maximum hours of work were spent where they were most necessary.
The film was running beautifully.
While I was taken through the complex regions of the "black city", an intelligent plot began to collapse, to the point where the last time I had seen such intelligent twists were in "the usual suspects".
Not to mention a series of special effects that would make James Cameron literally become green with envy.
But if you are not exactly the biggest science fiction fan, Caveat Empor.
Prepare for the total darkness of "12 monkeys" or "the crow" without boredom or depression.
The concept of the plot is as far from the mind as "12 monkeys", however, be prepared and be sophisticated.
And imagine an image that ultimately does justice in the fashion-be-film comic strip which Hollywood recently hurt.
Dark City is simply ashamed of the "Frai".
In fact, during the culmination of the film, I could not help but feel the strong presence of an "Akira" explosion throughout the general feeling of the film.
So my initial predictions were false.
This film is anything but the meloncholy of "Hellraiser" leaves one to five.
I am never the type to base a film entirely on special effects, so know that when I give a black city
It is actually because the film contained all the ingredients necessary to entertain me and awaken from the scenario in terms of twists and turns through the special effects (TSK, TSK).
Since then, I have not received such a deep overview of the functioning of the human mind and never this year, I have been so blown away.
The best film I saw all year round, and easily one of the best I have ever seen