I was pleasantly surprised by this film.
With a budget exceeding $ 200 million, I was quite skeptical about whether to throw all this money towards one of the largest tragedies of the 20th century would make a film sufficiently exciting to see.
How much could you dress the sets?
How many models and IT effects could you use?
How many action could you pack in a flowing ship?
Oh, if I just gave part of the plot for you, go back to school.
After seeing Titanic, however, I found that it was a well -designed, well -designed and global film.
There were many films made on the girl and the last trip to the Ocean Liner Titanic, but this last offer by director James Cameron is the best I saw.
Titanic tells its story in two periods.
It starts in the present, when the Ocean Explorer Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) and his team explore the wreck of the Titanic on the Atlantic ground, in search of an invaluable diamond necklace which is supposed to be descended withvessel.
What they find in the place is a drawing of a woman wearing the necklace, which is broadcast to the news.
The woman on the photo is recognized and the Livett phones, who advances her on her exploration ship on the high seas.
There, she tells her story at Lovett and her team.
In 1912, Rose Dewitt Bukater (Kate Winslett), a young woman belonging to the upper class of the company, embarked the Titanic for the first Atlantic passage of the ship, from Southampton, in England to New York.
She is engaged to Cal Hockley (Billy Zane), an heir to old money and a snob in every sense of the word.
On board, Rose feels the stifling assets of the expectations of high society and decides to escape from all this by throwing himself from the stern of the Titanic, but is saved from his fate self -proclaimed by Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a passenger inThird-class (steerage ", as it is called), who talks about jumping.
Although for Rose, the attraction is not immediate, a love story soon develops between the two, which endangers the social position of Rose as well as its commitment with jealous CAL.
The story seems very simple, and perhaps even inexicity, but through solid performance by the leads and the right direction of Cameron, a good film appears.
DiCaprio is wonderful like young people, but Jack of the world, playing the role with the confidence generally found among older actors.
He is a character who is immediately sympathetic, because he knows what he wants with life and is charming to manage a variety of situations.
The girls will pass out on him.
Winslet also proves a good actress, delivering her lines convincingly, and the quality of performance between Winslet and DiCaprio makes the relationship credible.
The only problem with Winslet is that she is not doing in accordance with the education of her character.
Simply by judgment of her approach, I was distracted from the fact that she was supposed to be a higher crust beginner.
Rather than demonstrating the balance that her character has to have, she sometimes looks positively awkward, and that unfortunately harms her actor otherwise great.
Billy Zane is well thrown like the aristocratic Snob Cal, because he has a certain look that immediately makes you want to hate him.
His features are such that even when he smiles, there is something suspicious of him, and when he scowls, he is badly embodied.
It is something like a porcelain version of Peter Gallagher, but a cheaper model.
Like DiCaprio and Winslet, Zane slips comfortably into his role and plays him well.
Save Zane is David Warner like Lovejoy, Cal's personal assistant (or "man" as they said at the turn of the century).
It doesn't matter who else is in distribution, you can always count on a good performance by Warner, which seems to be made the distinguished gentleman play with a look of st Anguille and will to correspond.
In addition, there are a certain number of fictitious and non -fictitious roles smaller for a color, such as Kathy Bates as "insinable" Molly Brown, Danny Nucci as a jack, Fabrizio de Rossi, Eric Braeden asthat John Jacob Astor and even Bernard, and even Bernardfox as Colonel Archibald Gracie.
Delighted to see Dr. Bombay obtaining work.
The other passengers who are essentially dispersed are also dispersed who are essentially in the film so that you can feel sorry for them when they die.
This in itself may have been largely compulsory in a film on the Titanic, but it transcends this status by putting these characters in direct conflict with the crew members of the ship who strive to maintain order and S 'Ensure that first -class passengers are placed on board the rescue channels before someone else.
In this way, Titanic has a depth which is generally not in action images.
You don't only get a love story with a tragedy as a backdrop, but also a very real report of the class struggle.
As I mentioned earlier, the budget for this film was huge, and it was certainly shown in the dressing and the special effects.
The interiors of the Titanic are almost breathtaking with their elaborate fillings and their complex details, and there is very little doubt that the arrangements are authentic.
Regarding the exteriors, I dare anyone to report a film in which a ship has been recreated with such a mixture or on such a scale.
Cameron has actually built a Titanic scale model in a water tank, but only had a place for 90%, and therefore had to generate 40 remaining feet.
I could have cheated on me and everyone in the theater, because the splicing is transparent.
It should also be noted in this film the way the public is presented with the anatomy of the disaster from the start.
We are told where the iceberg hit the ship, how the flood occurred, the way the ship has flowed and why it did this.
These technical details serve as a guide later when the action begins to occur and allows us to visualize the sinking with an enlightened analytical detraction, in addition to the more conventional placement in the middle of chaos and confusion.
In all, the Titanic of James Cameron is a good mix of love, history and action story.
The fact that the film works longer than most about three hours is almost unnoticed because the viewer's attention is held alternately by these three main elements, from the intriguing start of the film to its satisfactory end.
In the box office receipts, Titanic, the film will undoubtedly be up to the insause expectations of the Titanic The Ship.