After being hypnotized, a man thinks there is a ghost in his house.
the article
Two discreet summer horror films have become surprised financial successes this year: the Blair Witch Project and the Sixth Sense.
Everyone has won much more than $ 100 million in North America, based on a combination of solid word of mouth and intelligent advertising.
If taking the box office of a film was based mainly on its quality, Sign of Echoes would join Blair and Sense to earn much more money than expected, because it is as frightening, if not more frightening than the other two.
The writer / director David Koepp gave Artisan Entertainment, the people who distributed Blair Witch a second scary success.
The story takes place after Tom Witzky (Bacon), a medium blue collar dad, is hypnotized by his wife Maggie (Erbe) Lisa (Douglas) during a party.
While hypnosis goes as planned for revelers, it triggers something in Tom's head.
Things are starting to change around him (flashing red lights allowed a strange buzzing, for example), and he fights to keep control of his own senses.
Where these experiences take Tom, Maggie and their son Jake (COPE), who, according to Tom, could have answers, is on a dark path that will scare you and bother you.
David Koepp maintains the localized action; the majority of the action takes place at Tom or just at the bottom of the street.
By keeping things at home, Koepp is able to proceed without having to use clumsy segues (rides on the roads while we go from one city to another, etc.).
Unfortunately, the dread and the dread of the agitation of the echoes are frequently interrupted by moments of lightness.
Humor can eliminate the tension from a scene faster than any special poor quality effect or a bad game.
Several tense moments become completely disseminated by a few displaced jokes.
In addition, there are some developments in the plot that are not resolved, but to mention them, it would be too far away.
Kevin Bacon manages the task of the duel to play a man and a man losing his mental health admirably.
His total lack of understanding of what is happening to him is credible, just like the reactions of his wife Maggie.
Kathryn Erbe receives a more loaded and better written role than that of most of the "wife who can no longer manage her husband's parts".
Although it is always a supporting role, her Maggie moves as she looks at both her husband and her son to enter what she calls "a private club that I am not invited to", where they whisperthings all day.
As Jake, Zachary Cope is equal to the performance of Haley Joel Osment in the sixth direction, but obtains less screen time.
The two children manage the same tip, which makes the public frightened by their apparent acceptance of the way things are.
Fans of Blair and Sixth Sense will almost surely adore echoes.
He combines the fear of Blair, a frightening closed feeling thanks to the director of photography Fred Murphy and great performance of the entire distribution, in particular Bacon, to give the fall his first scary authentic film.
If only they had released the unnecessary funny pieces and changed the plot a little more, it could have been one of the best of the year.