Based on relatively unknown comics (compared to Spider-Man) Marvel Comic, Blade tells the story of Half-Vampire Half-Human (played by Wesley Snipes) which was born from the last meal of a vampire.
Now, swearing revenge against all vampires, the blade hunts them all.
His last challenge is his biggest ... he
Must prevent the deacon of vampire (played by Stephen Dorff) to invoke the God of blood and transform the rest of the world into vampires.
It is written, comics are one of the least appreciated mediums, often considered juvenile by most standards, even considered to be illiterate by some.
Judging by a series of films based on poorly received comics (financial and criticism) (such as Batman and Robin, Steel, Barb Wire, The Crow: City of Angels, and the continuous list), we would arrive at theConclusion that books books are the worst medium to be translated into a film.
To a certain extent, I agree with this feeling.
Having read comics since the age of nine (I am 21 years old at the moment), I can count the number of good films based on comics (without including the Japanese manga) a hand: 1: The Crow(1994), 2: Batman (1989), 3: Superman, 4: The mask, and now, # 5, Blade.
 ("Men in Black" is not on this list because it is an extreme deviation from the original comics)
Why is it ?
For the most part, it is because the filmmakers understand
The medium of comics and offer an appropriate matching atmosphere.
Crow and Batman comics call a dark Gothic atmosphere, which the director provided.
The mask has a wacky superhero with outspoken walls that the effects of casting and CG reflect.
Superman
is not exaggerated with color and flash, and the film reflects this.
Blade uses common concepts of vampires and incorporates them into the film, creating an appropriate atmosphere.
This contrasts strongly with the artificial vision of Joel Schumacher in Batman and Robin, reflecting the atmosphere dated from the 1960s television show.
Batman and Robin have proven that the director did not realize a fundamental fact: the comics grew up, just like the public (I work on a scathing review by Batman and Robin and I will publish it when I am ready).
Which brings me back to the blade.
Although he can be a familiar character for some, because of his appearances in the animated show of Spider-Man on Fox, there will be a single trace of the warm and fuzy vampire hunter as illustrated in the cartoon.
The film represents a vicious vampire killer who
Use all means at its disposal to reach its ends.
The final results are in no way pretty.
The elements of the story work very well - for a comic story.
The screenwriter David Goyer (who also wrote the crow) incorporates interesting elements of the vampire tradition, using science to explain many ideas often rejected in vampire films.
This is presented by Karen, a hematologist depicted by N'Bushe Wright.
This leads to the inventive use of standard medical treatments to kill vampires.
add this
To the little neat gadgets that Blade uses (including a titanium sword with an "anti -theft device"), and we have an interesting premise.
However, the film works better as an action film.
Actor Wesley Snipes has
A large background of martial arts (most of which come from Capoeira, a Brazilian shape incorporating flashy kicks), choreography each movement.
Provising that the rapid changes in flash cut do not replace the choreographed combat sequences (see Batman and Robin for a
Good example of that), Wesley Snipes dazzles the public with incredible combat scenes.
Anyway, this film is far from perfect.
The film suffers from at least a major hole in the intrigue, concerning the invocation of the God of blood.
The ritual requires that a certain number of pure blood vampires are held on
Marked places, but one of them is viciously murdered, allowing the ritual to pass (and the murder Ed Vampire is later shown standing on the square).
Obviously surfonent errors of continuity also, in particular during a scene where the deacon Frost takes a drag on his cigarette and does not expire it in the next framework (there is also no trace of smoke).
Most special effects are not spectacular either.
While the vampire disintegration scenes are intriguing to watch, other CGI (computer generated computer) effects are almost slapped, which is surprising when the film was given the film (the film's release date has been postponedseveral times).
The scenes with computer generated by computer are extremely false, overturning the credibility factor of a few notches (but then I am really difficult to impress).
The film's R rating comes from bloody violence, but the lack of
Realism made me ask me why it obtained such a note (for realistic violence,
Look at "Saving Private Ryan").
CGI's output in the films made me sucked in the days of director George Romero and the make -up assistant Rob Bottin, both pioneers in the art of gore without in -depth use of CGI.
However, the scenes involving non-CGI special effects make surface (and seem much more impressive), as a particularly horrible scene where a vampire tries to use Blade's sword without deactivating the "anti-theft device".
Wesley Snipes is the saving grace behind what would have been a confused waste.
Although he does not speak much, it is a great physical presence, leaving other superheroes of comics in the dust.
A decent scenario (by comic strip film standards) also helps.