There was a lot of conduct on this film.
Everyone still moderately interested in the series "Scream" was wanting to know how it would end.
What would be the "last act"?
This is the end of an era for them, a film that has standing them in search of clues on the internet, to speak and launch rumors with their just as enthusiastic friends and, for children under 17In the elaborate plots made up of a Buying for a film and jumping in "Scream" while narrowly escaping these threatening bailiffs who only one year or two more than themselves.
No need to worry; "Scream 3" is constantly inventive and entertaining, a beautiful epilogue of the series which made Kevin Williamson a familiar name, reinvented the kind of horror and continued in the auto-referential traditionQuentin and Co post-modern.
So how is the story going?
Contrary to what certain fanatical websites would make you believe, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), now an adult and managed constantly with his pass in the constantly tormented sector of his psyche, does not live in Hollywood realizing her dream to do an actress, but ratherIn northern California, living, naturally, alone within the limits of fences and vast security systems.
She worked at home as having crisis center on the phone.
But that ??? is not where the film begins.
Instead, in a tactic that reminded me of the somewhat similar and conceptually horrible sequence in "Eye for an Eye" (1995), Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber), now a big star, returns home in his little oneFriend in traffic when the calls of killers demand the location of Sidney ??? is the house, and, when he does not do it ??? t get it, threatens cotton life ???S Christine and cotton can ??? I do everything to stop it.
The rest of the sequence is particularly intelligent, setting up a constant throughout the image: the killer has a change in high -tech electronic voice which is at the top of that of the first two.
Not only does he undoubtedly seem like the talented voice artist Roger Jackson (ha, ha), but he can now easily reproduce the voices of the main characters, including Sidney, and the Weathers of Gale Returned (Courtney Cox Arquette) and DeweyRiley (David (Davidarquette).
At the same time, Stab 3, the third film with a film based on the characters and events of Woodsboro and Windsor College, adopted a less authentic approach this time in return to Woodsboro; while the story of the first twoFilms was true, the franchise in "Scream" has now become completely fictitious.
Nevertheless, we learn that Cotton made an appearance in the film which is now in production, as itself to be killed in the first scene.
So, it seems that the real killer offers our heroes in the order in which they bite it in the film ?? "Either the actor representing them, or the real thing.
Sometimes both.
intelligent, indeed.
But who goes after?
nobody knows .
Three different scripts were written, we say, to keep the real final out of the internet (a wink to the "scream" fiasco 2 a few years ago) and nobody knows with certainty which the killer read.
However, all that Sidney remains hidden at home, visiting dad only for the first half hour of the film, while having horrible visions of her mother, which brings us a little to Sidney ???that was his mother ?? "or, at least, what his mother was secretly.
When Sidney finally ventures to Hollywood while the murders become more widespread, she hunted the game of Stab 3, wandering through "Woodsboro", writes and produced as a strange, surreal nightmare, that's theOne of "Scream 3" ??? S The best moments.
Okay, over the years, me ??? I admit that me ??? I really become the fan "Scream".
No, I don't do ??? t a the Ghostface costume or the director ??? s coupe laserdisc, but I often find myse LF forced to reveal in the DVD of one or the other member of the previous duo, and can be very taken in the dramatic element of these films (yes, I said "dramatic element"), debatingSometimes with family and friends the endless possibilities and theories have become typically affiliated with "Scream".
Throughout the film, however, I noticed a much more subtle approach than the other two films.
Given that there ??? s stabin did he in progress throughout, but there ??? s considerably less blood, less gore.
Honestly, I like this approach.
He ??? is more classic, more rebellious, constantly demonstrating the direction capable of Wes Craven.
He knows when to hold back and does at the same time as the film oozes with energy, illustrating the delicate balance arising from his years of experience.
Some criticisms have noted that "Scream 3" seems to be taking itself more seriously this time; maybe yes, or perhaps the screenwriter Ehren Kruger (Arlington Road), who took over after Williamson had conflicts ofPlanning, has seen an opportunity for real irony ?? "Maybe even a little satire ??" If the film worked in some other photos?
What puts a shock absorber on this otherwise exceptional and creative film, me ??? I am afraid, it is the end, or rather the identity of the killer.
He does the work, I suppose, does what he should, making the three films complete, but during my first vision, it seemed rather unsatisfactory because he seems a little too artificial, too arbitrary; after a second vision, onWhich I endeavored because of this recurring disapproval, the killer ??? The identity of S still seems a little too random, but his motivation fell on more of his this time, and the possible conclusion was finally beenmore satisfactory.
Overall, "Scream 3" is not the victim of the most deplored principle of a trilogy: it is not the worst films.
As a trilogy, "Scream" was very fun; refreshing, humorous, offbeat.
Almost sad to see him go.
But then, it seems preferable to stop while you ??? re Ahead, and "Scream 3" does an excellent job of closing his characters.
For the moment, "Scream" holds the title as the most beautiful series of horror films to be committed to Celluloid.
not too bad .