There are moments when the success of a particular film depends entirely on the effort of an actor.
Often, a single performance can transform what could have been a rather mediocre film in something valid.
When one of them arrives, I generally try to think about the number of other people who put work in the film, that there is no way that a person can carry the whole project on hisshoulders.
But sometimes there are simply no other explanations, and this is the case with "the hurricane".
This biopic on the boxer falsely condemned Rubin "Hurricane" Carter would normally be called "The Hurricane" by Norman Jewison ", according to the tradition of referring to a film" belonging "to a director.
But although he does a decent job, Jewison cannot claim the property of "the hurricane" because there is a reason why this film works, and its name is Denzel Washington.
Washington plays Carter, a boxer who in 1967 was found guilty of a shooting at the end of the evening in a bar.
Imprisoned for 20 years, he argued that he had never committed the crimes, but stayed in prison after a second trial and countless calls.
The situation changed when a group of Canadians moved to Washington and worked on the Liberation of Carter.
Thanks to the efforts of this group and Carter lawyers, he was finally released when their case was heard before the Federal Court and the judge judged that Rubin Carter had been unjustly sentenced.
The film details the childhood of Carter, who brought him into prison due to the efforts of a racist cop (Dan Hedaya).
When he finally got out of prison for good, Carter became a rising star as a medium -sized professional boxer, apparently having his career on the right track, until the police cadasse for a multiple homicide.
Despite the efforts of political activists and celebrities, he remained imprisoned.
Flash in 1983, when Lesra (Reon Vicellous Reon Shannon), an African-American young boy, living with a group of Canadian tutors, reads the book Carter wrote in prison.
The book, entitled "The Sixteenth Tour", opens the eyes of Young Lesra on the injustice that was Carter's life, and he promises to help release the incarcerated boxer.
Lesra convinces her Canadian friends (Deborah Unger, Liev Schreiber, John Hannah) to work with him towards his goal.
 "The Hurricane" relies on Denzel Washington.
He must carry practically all scenes by a pure force of will, and he does it with great shine.
It is probably right to say that Washington does not embody Rubin Carter, because he plays a much stronger and nobler character than any real person could not hope for.
It might be more correct to say that Washington embodies the character of Rubin Carter - a fictitious personality invented only for the film.
The actor's work is masterful; Washington throws himself every moment, refusing to keep the audience at the length of the arm.
We feel everything he feels: the humiliation of having to go back to prison after having fought so hard to do something with his life, the pain of having to order his wife to give up the fight and the total despair that he feelsUpon reaching the conclusion of all hope is lost.
Washington is a performance of weight and emotional depth.
He doesn't just play angry, happy or sad; he feels it at the deepest level.
Her work is masterful, and for half of this film, I realized that the scene I watched would not have been as affected as if it had been in the hands of another actor.
Norman Jewison makes the film, doing a very good work of rhythm and selection of shooting.
 "The Hurricane" moves quickly, without any scene much further than necessary and the story galloping well.
Jewison manages his multiple flashbacks well; the public is always aware of what time and the place of each scene is, and nothing is terribly confusing.
His boxing scenes, built with a clear inspiration for "raging bull", enter the action VE Ry well, and they are credible as real sporting images.
Jewison sets up a particularly pleasant scene using a fairly cool tip: Carter is sent to lonely isolation for 90 days when he refuses to wear a prison uniform, and Jewison, helped by a wonderful game of a Washington game,Show how Carter is gradually gradually starting to gradually lose your head during constant loneliness, and finally we obtain three Rubin Cams arguing with each other in a single cell.
Jewison's best success in "The Hurricane" succeeds in showing how Carter becomes a embittered man in his difficult life, and how he is able to get out of this bitterness and relearn to trust people.
Unfortunately, however, the main failures of the film reside in the scenario, as for most good efforts but not the biggest for around the pike this winter.
There is a lot to interest a spectator in "The Hurricane", but it seems that each time the film has the chance to take the most cliché? As possible, this is the case.
Take a look at the support characters, for example, who are written as completely good or completely evil.
Carter and Lesra (well played by Shannon, who deserves credit) are the only real people here; everyone is a stereotype.
Canadians are good.
The cops are bad.
The Canadians spend most of their time smiling in a jacunt way in their town in love (and it is a commune, despite the failure of the film to be clarified), while each racist cop (in particular Dan Hedaya) melts outshade. And leakages to each black person who enters the room.
Much of the dialogue turns out to be Hokey ("hatred put me in prison.
Love will turn me off. "), And the culmination of the great courtroom during which everyone can make a passionate speech could have been withdrawn from a special life for life for television.
it's a shame .
The casting is the game, the director does his job and the subject is interesting, but the script too often takes the safest and a little more boring path.
I wanted a real reason for the cop to have a grudge against Carter other than "it is a racist pig".
I wanted more evidence than these Canadians are real people with faults and virtues instead of a lot of holy crusadeers looking for justice.
In short, I wanted to see the film through a less distorted lens.
The criticism was taken from the freedoms that "the hurricane" takes with the truth of what has really happened to Carter, and a large part is deserved.
For example, the film gives us a boxing scene showing Carter who struck the defending champion Joey Giardello, to be screwed up by the judges, who governed Giandello the winner.
Most of the accounts of the fight, however, allowed Carter to lose fairly.
In addition, a large part of Carter's criminal past is conveniently excluded from the film, and why he was found guilty in his second trial is never really explained.
Of course, "the hurricane" works mainly as a fable, so the digressions of the truth can be excused at least partially, but even rejecting such problems does not remove a fact: "the hurricane" is a very defective film.
A single actor could have made a Schmaltzy image and predictable like this work as well as that, and it is a good thing "the hurricane" to this actor.
Carter said: "Denzel Washington makes me look good", but he is not the only one.
Washington makes this film good.
"The Hurricane" by Denzel Washington.
It looks pretty good for me.