Just in time for Halloween and Christmas, the reissue of the nightmare before Christmas could not be more appropriate.
With all the attention launched to "family films" in recent years, namely those who showcase pocket monsters and characters from Nickelodeon, it is high time that we have raised the intellectual level of the price of children as well asAnimation achievements of film studios.
In this spirit, it was refreshing to revisit a classic animation on the big screen which always retains the originality and the freshness which he had seven years ago.
Nightmare is the story of a man's quest to discover his true objective in life - to look beyond the distinctions of his peers, the achievements of his years and the praise of his ego.
Jack Skellington, the king of Halloweentown pumpkin, is the main guy behind Halloween holidays for children around the world.
But during his reign as Pumpkin King, Jack has somehow lost his understanding of his place in the world and of the magic he creates with his Halloween holidays.
After the completion of a particular Halloween season, Jack walks with a heavy heart and ends up discovering in the woods outside Halloweentown a grove of trees with doors to all the other holidays in the world.
Imagine his surprise to discover Christmastown, a much more impressive and edifying vacation than Halloween, surrounded by Elves Happy Elves and good humor.
When he returned to Halloweentown, Jack decides to combine Halloween and Christmas together by kidnapping "sand claws", employing all Halloweentown residents to build children's toys.
He then aims to take charge of the role as the main proditor and the children's car holder, in the hope of rediscovering the zest for the life he had formerly.
Alas, the co-lining of Halloween and Christmas creates disastrous results involving narrowed heads, psychotic wooden ducks, a sleigh pulled by a ghost dog with an enlightened nose and a large sinister singing bag called Oogie Boogie
Tim Burton - The man behind films that are so big like Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, the great adventure of Pee -Wee and Edward Scissorhands - is the creative force behind Nightmare.
Originally, Burton was the author of a poem which has become the basis of the script, and he was jointly involved in the design of the production of the film (although many wrongly assume that he has achieved thepicture).
Burton's cachet is clearly everywhere in the film - with daring colors, a conception of imaginative characters, and it is a simple but convincing story.
The management of Harry Selick, who also made James and The Giant Peach, is strong, offering intimate views of the strange collection of characters.
Also memorable the songs of the film, written by the former singer of Oingo Boingo, Danny Elfman, the next John Williams of the composition of the film.
The nightmare before Christmas is intended for the child and the adult in everyone.
It is not only the child's game for the holidays; it is a film about the way of being really happy in a difficult world, to say that all you have to do is to be exactly who youare, without compromise.
What better message is there for Christmas?