Recently, I read 4 criticisms from Pleasantville-One of Entertainment Weekly, one from a discussion group, and two of different online resources.
Each criticism compared this film to the Truman Show.
Why ?
The only reason people compared Pleasantville to Truman is due to the fact that their life is on television.
Other than that, the two films are completely different from each other.
Critics seem to love to choose a film (i. E.
The Truman show), obsessed with her and make a directive for other films.
When Pleasingville and EDTV opened, all criticisms seemed to deal with the two films as if they were King Truman subjects.
The same goes for the fine red line.
When it opened its doors to DECEMEBER, 98% of criticisms probably compared him to the private savings of Stephen Spielberg, giving no chance.
Critics loved soldier Ryan so much that they automatically decided that no film was good enough to reach his standards.
This is why I think that Pleasingville was underestimated.
If the show Truman had never been made, Pleasantville would probably have received better criticisms, better at the box office and would remember him after he has long been on the shelves of video stores.
Of course, it was not perfect, and it was not very customary, but the sorcerer of Oz or Star Wars was not either, and there are two of the most important films in history.
With the exception of Don Knotts as an annoying "television repairer", the film is perfectly interpreted: the Tobey Maguire of the Ice Storm is David in real life; he looks at the old sitcom of the 1950s "Pleasantville" forescape his parents in quarrel.
His twin sister, Jen (Reese Witherspoon) is a popular smalle that smokes (steriotypically) and wears revealing clothes.
But what makes his character creatable is the dialogue - these excessive terms of the 90s such as "like", "anything" and "cool" making it look like the total decline it is supposed to be.
The twins, with a little help from a television repairer (casting don knotts in this role was obviously a casting of cameo rather than by a real game), are sucked in in Pleasantville by a new magic remote control.
Their new parents, played by William H.MACY and Joan Allen are perfect in all directions.
Their new names are Bud and Mary Sue, and immediately they are starting to corrupt the city of Pleasantville.
After the brothers and sisters adapt comfortably in their new roles, the film begins to take shape.
It's like watching a sitcom in itself; you don't want it to end.
 "Mary Sue" has sex with her appointment, school basketball champion; when he talks about it to all his friends, they stop offering them perfectly to basketball and things are starting to takethe colour.
Soon, we learn that these people do not know how to express real emotions, and when they learn to do it, they end up turning into color.
It was ultimately a racial war between the "colored" and the "Black & Whites".
The criticism of weekly entertainment Lisa Schwarzbaum says that the film has "none of the depth, the hair and the brilliance of the Truman show ..."
Yes, the Truman show may be a little smarter.
But the racial setting is intensified by forcing the colors to sit in the upper box of the courtroom classified as deep, since that is what I expected the least.
Gary Ross has not tried to create an intelligent masterpiece, he simply tries to transmit moral messages in his work.
Take for example Big and Dave, his past films.
Big-be pays attention to what you want.
Dave-Bon or badly lie always lie.
Did these films win Grand Prix?
No, but they won the hearts of millions.
Pleasantville could have done so too, if it was not for the criticisms of Snotty who established precedents of previous films.
Pleasantville: A- Ad2am "I almost lost my nose ... and
I like this .
I like to breathe it. "
-Jack Nicholson, Chinatown