I am actually a fan of the original film in 1961 approximately in 1961 of the same name with Hayley Mills twice as a pair of twins, separated at birth by divorcing parents, never to come into contact with others in order tothat parents never lead to come together again.
And everyone should know what I feel remakes, especially films that I appreciate (my sophism: unless you capture the same exact spirit of the original or do something different with or can-Itre even both, you simply deceive your ECERVEAU and offer a new idea * harshness *).
This remake was not originally at the top of my visualization list, and was actually the opposite.
Contemporary live films live-actions are not one of my favorties, anyway: they are generally funny, alienated and a big bore, at least for anyone over 11 and over of 10.
This one, however, is not badly shocking.
In fact, it's really good.
Not the original good, but what is great is that it did not necessarily repeat the original or not capture the same exact spirit that it becomes entertaining for the same exact reasons of the original.
Because it is a cute and innocent pleasure.
Because he has a pretty intrigue which is endless to follow.
Because the main star is extremely attractive.
Because parents are also extremely attractive.
And (I repeat myself) because it's cute and innocent.
There is nothing too risky on this subject, except the intrigue (the idea of separating the twins and refusing them the truth for years is worrying, but it is precisely the point of the film), and itAddresses directly to children, adults who want you to be young adults of origin or who want to remember what it was to be a child.
Personally, I am somewhere between the second and third.
I remember very well when my taste in the movies was not so bizarre or diversified (the names that Godard and Kubrick were not even a glow in my right eye at the time), when I connect every Sunday eveningFor a few years to see "Wonderful World of Disney" from ABC, where they would show you a live Disney film and / or made for television per week.
I remember that my mother took my sister and me with all my friends and their mothers to see all the Disney films reissued (like "Lady and the Tramp" and "Pinnochio").
And, unfortunately, I remember every Christmas, without fault, there was a barage of animated shows for children, made exclusively for the Christmas season, which I would not dare to miss.
I even remember having seen the TV made for television "Parent Trap II" on television one night, and after seeing this one again and again, I saw the original "parent trap".
It's no longer an end of childhood film, because it deals with the question of divorce, but it treats it in a version of Disney.
It's fun, full of mind and charming, and if I saw it for the first time right now, having never known this part of my childhood, I would probably reject it.
I would probably do the same for the new version of the same film if I had not seen the original at such a perfect age.
Looking at it, I could remember how fun it was to watch a Disney film, and how divorce for me started to make me think about the possibilities of my apparently perfect parents and how it affected my adolescence.
And also how he brushed this fear with a smooth blow and stressed that even in the most damn situations, things could always work if you manipulate things a little, at least for the best.
This new version has done this for me, but it is also charming in its own way.
He has a new casting, a contemporary feeling and, for the first time for some time for a live-action-Disney film, a tone that is not cheesy or condescending, but just.
The moments that would otherwise seem cheesy affect a kind in a safe way.
and for The first time since the original film, children know better than stupid adults.
The story is essentially classic now, repeated almost as many times as "The Seven Samurai" by Kurosawa: a pair of twins (played here by Lindsay Lohan, just as they were played by Hayley Mills in the original) are separated tobirth by their divorced theirparents.
One, Annie, is sent to live with the mother (Natasha Richardson, resembling her mother, Vanessa Redgrave, more than I never noticed) in London, where she lives with her parents and her devoted butler (Simon Kunz), as it works as a Swingin fashion designer.
She grows refined and chic, but also with in -depth knowledge of sports and poker game.
The other, Hallie, is sent to Northern California with his father (Dennis Quaid) to live on a vineyard with their pseudo-pseudo (Lisa Ann Walter), and grows robust but charming.
They both meet in the same camp, the one Annie wants to go to become more robust.
They agreed because they seem too similar, and are therefore in tight competition, which results in unpleasant pranks, which wind them together in a private and distant cabin.
There they become friends, then learn each other.
Once they know everything, they register a plan to change their place so that one can meet the other parent, which they only heard of.
They learn the life of the other in detail, they make sure that they look alike (which requires a haircut and, notoriously, a drilling of the ear - a scene which is like the children of theScene of the hypodermic needle in "Pulp Fiction"), and when Lala end of summer comes, they change and hope the best.
Lindsay Lohan does not necessarily copy Hayley Mills' actor style in the original.
But it stands out as attractive as it did it once.
However, she adds a few new things: she makes the twin of California a little more attractive and the London Twin a little more frank and snobbish than the original Snotty and appropriate, respectively.
It also adds an American and British accent to everyone, with one simulating the other accent everywhere, and if you really notice it, you can see that the accents of the false are not exactly perfect.
She is also incredibly attractive, not only cute, which is particularly remarkable because it is her first feature film, and we know how much children notorious actors are, especially in their first films.
She makes a large protagonist, and it only helps that the support distribution is just as attractive.
Dennis Quaid, in fact, has not been so friendly for about a decade - his big stupid smile and his almost arrogant attitude is what made him a notable actor in the past, not only that he is M.MegRyan.
Ditto Natasha Richardson (except that she was never this sympathetic period).
The two make a winning couple, perhaps not as winning as Maureen O'Hara and the late Brian Keith in the original, but they always work for this film.
Instead of the quarrels which followed in the original, the film adds another dimension and another angle to their characters which did not hurt in the original: during the credits of opening, we see glimpses of their paradeNuptial on Qe2, where they fall quickly and madly in love with each other, and again together, the most taught scenes in the film prove really sentimental, but in this way, not the way inducing migraine than inMany films of this type.
All this brings this new "trap" to a level of entertainment which has not really existed since, well, the original film years ago, always my money the best film live-Disney of all time.
It is because it has a form of intelligence and spirit that makes plot points such as a intrigue of unfortunately standard love interest (a type of Sharon stone that has allowedHowever, played by Elaine Hendrix, who is deliciously tormented by twins later in the film) a treat instead of a bore. Like the original, this film transcends all the bullshit it could very well be (example: "it takes two" with the Olsen twins) because it treats children as the smartest, and adults like idiots,not the opposite.
And because, above all, he knows exactly how to be charming without biting more than he can chew.
However, compared to the original, it could be a little better.
Some scenes work well, but not as well as they operated in the original.
I liked the way the parents fought on the past dilalas, then I fought to fall back in love more than I liked to watch two old flames recovering a bottle of wine - in a way, theQuarrel is always more cinematographic and pleasant than simple discounts, a leçonextrait of Howard Hawks / Cary Grant films of yesteryear.
And as much as this film transcends the simple cut, compared to the original, this film is almost drowned in the cut.
The original, although not grainy, was much more stylized and just as suitable for the adult public as for the young audience.
As such, this remake may never be as large or classic as the original film, but at least knows how to treat its source material with dignity and respect, and how to create the same effects without limiting plaqueism orSmall troubles.