Alchemy is anchored in tones of blue.
Kieslowski blue, that is to say.
With his examination of death, isolation, restoring characters and recovery after the loss, the new independent film of Suzanne Myers echoes the release of 1993 acclaimed by the Polish director.
Aside from the language, the main difference between the films is that, although Kieslowski has taken a lot of trouble to attract us into the world of the main character, the alchemy maintains its viewers at the length of the arm.
Consequently, although we can appreciate the intellectual tapestry of the film, it is emotionally distant.
Alchemy is divided into three chapters: "charity", "faith" and "hope".
Although there are common themes and elements of history that cross the three, the unique constant is the main character, a Russian sculptor / translator named Louisa (Rya Kihlstedt).
When the film opens, she lives with her boyfriend, whom she believes to deceive her.
After his sudden death in an automotive accident, Louisa's life was thrown into turmoil.
The events swirl around it, and it does not find a source of stability.
In her quest to give meaning to her loss, she became friends with the mistress of her late boyfriend, visits her sick sister and, finally, abandons her old life by joining a cult "returning to nature".
Alchemy successfully explores a variety of convincing problems.
In addition to asking the fundamental question of knowing how a person should face the unexpected death of a loved one, he probes below the surface of concepts as the importance of faith in the healing process, the meaning of thelove and nature of art.
Does the restoration of the personality go by interacting with the others or by escaping the pet?
Are artistic epiphanies the result of targeted loneliness or living life, with all its various distractions, as much as possible?
The challenge of Myers is to make these subjects, of basic products of the art film, to captivate in a new context.
Through Louisa's difficulties, she succeeds.
Although alchemy is not always emotionally attractive, it never loses its fascination.
Even when we do not connect with Louisa, which is often more a place of ideas than a fully developed personality, there is enough equipment on the screen to hold our attention.
The cinematography is magnificent.
The city scenes are tinged with blue, adding a cold and dark dimension to the first parts of the film.
Later, when Louisa reached the "desert", we are entitled to a dazzling range of fall splendor - bright sheets in the trees and on the ground.
It is a surprising but effective visual contrast that emphasizes the changes that take place in Louisa's life while it went back to emotional stability.
The title refers to the practice of a group of mystical faithful who use "alchemy" to support the needs of body and soul.
And, although Louisa participates in their brand of particular medicine, it is ultimately love and company, not alchemy, which brings comfort.
Her pain is only assured when she lets go of the belief that the security inherent in being alone is the ultimate goal of life.
Even if the final transformation of Louisa does not have the impact he could have possessed if she had been a more vital character, it is always an intriguing process and enlightening to monitor.
Alchemy is not a pure magic, but, especially during its best moments, it's near.