Many people do not like French films for their lack of closure.
Although perhaps superficial, I have often had the desire for a feeling of epiphany, or at least a resolution, in the films that I see.
There is no revelation in the UN Coeur in winter in the traditional; however, the film succeeds incredibly in its passionate dramatization of a passion protagonist, Stéphane (Daniel Auteuil).
Stéphane (Daniel Auteuil) is a violin manufacturer.
He is without passion for everything around him, with the exception of his job and music that his job is responsible for production.
Even the relationship between him and his boss, Maxime (Andre Dussollier) is a controlled and almost manipulated association, underlined by the fact that Stephane allows Maxime to win tight squash matches.
At the start of the film, Stéphane is a closed and lonely individual and the public is carefully managed to question the depth of emotion behind this enigmatic man.
Camille Kessler (Emmanuelle Beart) is a master violinist and the new love of Maxims.
Maxime is so in love with Camille that he plans to leave his wife.
Like Stephane, Camille is externally very controlled and reserved, sacrificing all thought and emotion to her violin and the emerging music.
When Stéphane and Camille meet, there is a recognition of a link of the two individuals.
However, while Camille submits to the wild interaction of the emotions she now feels for Stéphane, Stéphane only admits that Camille is attracted by him.
Stéphane ignores his feelings for Camille, that the public cannot help seeing is present.
As the film progresses, the two characters become more and more polarized in their opinions and emotions.
These two people, with very similar approaches to life at the start, react very differently to their new circumstance.
Stéphane becomes even more rational and controlled, while Camille becomes more tumultuous, until she borders almost on a nervous break due to the inability to consume their relationship.
However, their approach to each other is perhaps not surprising given their vocation.
The public is led to believe that Stéphane was perhaps a genius as a violinist, because of his relationship with a master of violin.
However, apparently, he could not be a violinist because of his intolerance for the faults of his game.
Consequently, Stéphane becomes precision craftsmen with the instrument and no longer plays.
On the other hand, Camille had almost given the violin, years earlier.
However, with the help of her manager, she progressed to almost one of the most beautiful in the world, successfully immersing herself with her game.
During the film, we see the two characters evolve when they find it difficult to take up the challenge of their new emotions.
Stéphane tries to remain unchanged.
However, we see subtle clues of its transformation.
One of the most obvious is when he beats Maxime on a squash.
The development of all the characters, many of which are not included in this synopsis, is incredible.
American films, with rare exceptions, did not do so and I should not have tackled foreign films in the development of the character.
In its essence, this film concerns the development and growth of characters, Camille and Stéphane.
The representation of all the other characters in the film, including A Death, is to continue the development of Camille and Stepahne's characters.
I do not know why Berardinelli says: "Sometimes it becomes difficult to determine whether Stéphane should be stung or vilified, and it is a credit of Auteuil that he manages to maintain this uncertainty."
This film does not consist in judging Stéphane's actions as being right or bad, but to see their growth and accept the characters as they are.
I find the end appropriate; unfortunately, I found the last ten minutes CH led the final scene to be very unsatisfactory.
This part of the film is the place where the "feeling of closure" could have been successfully accomplished.
Unfortunately, there is a wave of emotions to all the characters.
Although Ravel may not be as accomplished as Schubert or Mozart, Ravel has his day in this film.
The synergy of the tension of the music and the tension of Ravel on the screen is the best I have ever seen.
The staging of this film is wonderful.
The actors and actresses are excellent, each playing their role with great sincerity and warmth.
The personality of Emmanuelle Beart is magnificent.
And it goes without saying that I must say that Emmanuelle Beart, herself, is beautiful.
Besides the near end, the only other criticism of the film I have is that the film is almost too brain.
I almost left with the meaning that little happened because almost all the changes that occur in the film occur in their psyche and little in their personalities or the situations they end in the frame.
The only question I leave myself while they accepted their fate, has their attitude towards love changed?
I have several possibilities I think that the film suggests, but I'm not sure that the director marries.
In summary, this film relates only to the growth of the characters of two characters who develop almost a relationship.
In the process, we see their attitude towards life and others.
In itself, I don't think a heart is a complicated film.
Where it becomes complicated is when we juxtapose the scenes of the film in the greatest projection of life where we, as Americans, have preconceived American concepts of relationships, love and people.
I wonder how the film translates when seen in its native French culture.
However, I, bringing my preconceived American ideas, I appreciated the film.
I would be welcomed all the comments on this film of all those who saw it.