Quiz Show, a true story almost perfectly precise, is based on the events of the popular television show in the mid -1950s, "twenty -one".
During this trivial game show, the competitors were placed isolated and then answered the questions corresponding to a category of their choice, on which they bet a quantity of points.
The match continued until a player reaches a point on the feeling he had won enough points to win.
But, after the ratings began to fall when the players had trouble crossing the zero brand, the producers decided to repair the game by giving the answers to a competitor before the start of the match.
Quiz Show illustrates the true stories of two special competitors, Herbie Stempel and Charles Van Doren.
Stempel (John Turturro), an old G.I.
And your Jewish man raises a family.
Stempel has been the title champion of "twenty -one for several weeks and has accumulated thousands of dollars.
In his mind, he is the best thing on television and people love him.
Although, in the minds of producers of the show, Herbie Stempel ages.
Dan Enright (David Paymer), in particular, believes that people are tired of seeing a "queens' Jew with bad teeth" and that children need someone better to admire.
Therefore, they must find another competitor who would be a worthy model and people will admire and rejoice to win.
Someone who can defeat Stempel, even if he has to use cheating.
Enter Charles Van Doren (Ralph Fiennes), a well -educated professor from a largely recognized family.
Van Doren had decided to try for the television game "TIC TAC DOUGH" because his friends thought he would be good in this kind of thing.
But when Albert Freedman (Hank Azaria), the Assistant of Enright, spots Van Doren, the two decided that they found their smoker soon in the kingdom "twenty -one".
Van Doren is not too interested in the idea of receiving the answers in advance, so Enright tells Stempel that he will give the wrong answer, on purpose, in order to lose the match.
After Stempel loses the "throne" with Van Doren, he begins to feel cheated (what he should).
Meanwhile, on his own, Dick Goodwin (Rob Morrow), a graduate of Harvard Law, decided to start an investigation on "twenty -one" to try to know if there have been reprehensible acts.
His investigation gives shocking results and leads to an Enright test and the others involved.
Quiz Show is an extremely well done film, and the direction of Robert Redford is particularly superb.
The performance returned by John Turturro, Ralph Fiennes and Rob Morrow are very good, although it seems that Turturro stands out more than any other.
Quiz Show is also very precise when it comes to explaining the real events that inspired the film.
Certainly a film that you should not miss.