In a scene from "The People vs.
Larry Flynt, "The Hustler Magazine Publisher appears in a rally of freedom of expression self-etoffe.
While the graphic photos flash on a huge screen behind him, Flynt comes confident on the stage, making a speech leading to what is really an obscenity.
The show recalled the scene in "Patton" where the general spoke in front of a giant American flag.
The two moved scenes, larger than lives, richly entertaining and felt completely like artificial shots for great Hollywood films.
Overall, it sums up "people vs.
Larry Flynt. "
The film is an extremely entertaining hoe which, although it is based on facts, looks like a great Hollywood slog.
The son of a Kentucky Monshiner, Flynt (Woody Harrelson) fled from home and ended up operating strip-tease clubs in Cincinnati.
There, he met Althea Leason (Courtney Love), a bisexual stripper which has become his fourth wife and the love of his life.
To strengthen interest in his clubs, he launched a sexually explicit newsletter that has become Hustler Magazine.
Flynt, as well as the magazine magazine management team, led by his brother Jimmy (played well by Woody's real brother, the veteran commercial Steak & Shake, Brett Harrelson), saw Playboy magazine with contempt.
They made fun of his smooth items and a airline photos, trying to keep Hustler focused on "what the guys really want", explicit photos that would make a gynecologist wiggle and an extremely rude humor.
The first example of Hustler's attitude film is a cartoon representing the characters from The Wizard of Oz in an orgy, giving the public the opportunity to laugh at "Naughness" by Flynt.
The director Milos Forman conveniently ignores the frequent attempts of the magazine to derive humor from the sexual assault of children, racism and endless scatological caricatures.
Flynt's cloth worked in a well -deserved darkness until it publishes naked photos of Jacqueline Onassis, who drew international attention from the magazine, great money and the attention of the Conservatives.
A bust of obscenity followed, the first in a long series of battles between Flynt and the law.
Lawyer Alan Isaacman (Edward Norton) enters the scene, hired by the wife of Flynt.
Norton, an exceptional actor, is wonderful as a besieged lawyer who tries to navigate the legal system while treating an increasingly childish and bizarre behavior of Flynt.
In court, we meet the conservatives of spraying, led by citizens for the chief of decency Charles Keating (James Cromwell.)
As Keating Blahers on the immorality of Flynt, the camera moves slowly for a close -up of its label, inviting the public to rejoice in the concept of morality by Keating, which was then condemned in a fraud S&L of 2 billionof dollars.
The other main enemy of Flynt is Rev.Jerry Falwell, who pursues a Hustler parody involving him and his mother having sex in an addiction.
The tragedy strikes while Flynt is shot down by a potential assassin, leaving it paralyzed the size.
A dark period follows, while Flynt and Leeure Hole upwards in an L. Un .suite, tense on the pain relievers.
Flynt ends up kicking drugs, but the Lure succumbs to dependence, and later, AIDS.
After watching Falwell on television, describing aid as a punishment of God, Flynt orders his lawyer to bring the Falwell affair to the Supreme Court, leading to the stage of the hearing room of the film.
 "The People VS, Larry Flynt" is at its weakest during the moralization of freedom of expression and the Lionization of Flynt.
 "If they will protect a scumbag like me, then they will protect you all," said Flynt.
He is right, of course, but the director Forman cheats by depicting the opposition as a little more than hypocritical caps.
He also cheats in the Woody Harrelson cast like Flynt.
Harrelson is an attractive and charismatic man, and his strong painted flying performance as a colorful folk hero.
Even a superficial look at the real flynt, which is M Aking The Talk Show Circuit, and plays the judge in an early audience scene, shows an inflated, gloomy and bitter man.
A precise representation of Flynt would have made a film more difficult to watch, but richer.
Despite its faults, "Flynt" is a quick and exciting film with a great game, especially by Courtney Love, whose dynamic performance will probably make a sign of the Oscars.
The story can be coated with candies, but they are always delicious candies.