Many people will not find much to love in what dreams can come, the new film by visionary director Vincent Ward.
Most will come to see the animated landscapes of the computer and vibrant colors.
But they do not know (as I discovered so clearly) that it has a fairly complex story to tell.
Leaving the theater, I could see the disgust of the public ...
A member even had to be woken up after the end of the film.
Do not believe the glimps you see ...
It is certainly not a film for everyone.
It is probably one of the most oriented films towards adults to be released in recent years.
The children will be bored with the slow route and the complex scenario.
The plot is just as fluid as paradise that Ward presents to us.
He comes and goes in time, as if he had no borders.
Think of the film City of Angels.
Now add a more complex scenario and a more unique vision.
The two films deal with the beyond, but I doubt that dreams can manage well at the box office.
Cost of around $ 85 million to make, the film should do very well to recover your money.
But because of its history, I doubt that it will.
For all those who thought that the story of Titanic was too simple and shot, here is the proof that if James Cameron had written a more complex scenario, he may not have done so well.
But do not get me wrong...
I hope the film succeeds well.
It is a vision of pure visceral pleasure that almost never gets on the screen.
I doubt that most of us would have thought about this place, even in our own mind.
What dreams can come is the second best film of the year when it comes to visuals.
The only film that exceeds it is Dark City.
Full of rich and shocking colors, we see a paradise that most of us would probably die to get.
But don't do that, because you will end up going to hell.
What dreams can come start with two collision boats on a lake.
Chris "Christy" Nielsen (Robin Williams) is surprised by the sudden shock, but is even more surprised by the beauty of the woman in the other boat.
Annie (Annabella Sciorra) also spy Chris, and the two ultimately linked and married.
Annie is an artist, whose paintings are colorful, lush and surreal.
Chris is a doctor and loves Annie more than life herself.
They also have two children, Marie (Jessica Brooks) and Ian (Josh Paddock).
But one day, the two children are killed in a car accident, and he almost destroys Annie.
She tries to commit suicide, but fails, and is then placed in an institution.
Chris faces the problem by realizing that they are no longer there, and nothing will change that.
Just as Annie takes his life in order, Chris is killed while trying to save the life of a victim of a car accident.
Chris goes to heaven, or his version of the sky.
Guided by Albert (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), Chris explores his new environment with pure delight and joy.
In other words, until he realizes how miserable he is without Annie.
Before paradise, he would try to comfort Annie, but the more he was there, the more pain she felt.
Chris decides to leave her alone.
He does not realize what will happen next.
I am not about to say, because the point of the plot is crucial for the rest of the story (many criticisms, however, give it).
Admittedly, Chris Dying is crucial for the plot, but they tell you that he dies in the glimpses.
History is not necessarily important for this film to work, because it deals with the beyond.
However, strangely, practically nothing is heard of God or Devil.
Some comments here and there, but the story maintains his focus on Chris and his search for the love of his life.
 "We are sisters!"
Exclaims Chris.
Paradise, in films, is almost always represented as a brilliant city of white, purity and love.
Usually it also seems that it is based among the clouds.
But what dreams can come from a different route.
It shows us A paradise that most of us have never seen before.
Chris' paradise is his memories that have brought to life.
His thoughts can do something real, and he means that Annie Drew paintings become her paradise.
 "I have never seen anyone use real painting before," explains Albert.
Just as good as the representations of hell which throw the normal stereotypes of fire and sulfur.
Instead, it's a state to be.
In a gloriously horrible scene, Chris and his "tracker" (Max von Sydow) arrive in a sea of faces.
Thousands of heads are stuck above the ground, their bodies elsewhere.
Especially silent, some jokes are made, almost as if to lighten the mood.
It is really a frightening sequence.
The Eugenio Zanetti production designer will certainly be ready for an nodal appointment.
Using advanced computer computer technology, worlds are created for exploration.
Sometimes some scenes take place as if they were only there for the visual impact.
It is not necessary to be there, but we appreciate seeing it.
Costume designer Yvonne Blake (who also appears in the film) did an incredible job to provide interesting and colorful costumes.
The director of photography Eduardo Serra, whose work has been seen for the last time in the luscious wings of the dove, has difficult work because most filmmakers work with special effects.
But Serra's entire universe is a computer generated by computer, and it does a masterful job.
The writer Ron Bass, adapting from the novel by Richard Matheson, provides a very fluid scenario without real intrigue.
The story is extremely vague in its details, allowing viewers to think by themselves of meaning.
And director Vincent Ward puts all this in his final vision.
What dreams can come is a good example of German expressionism which can simply deactivate a good part of the public.
Your average movie buff is only probably used for expressionist techniques.
The film will also attract the attention of the religious, but they should not go too far.
It is, after all, just a film.
Robin Williams continuously impressed by his dramatic performances, while his comic roles have suffered.
His comedy is perfection when he invents his own business, but when confined by a scenario, he is not as effective.
But the drama is really its strong point, and you can see it here.
It is doubtful that he obtained another nodal appointment, but that would not really bother me if he did it.
The real surprise here is Annabella Sciorra who impressed last year with Cop Land.
It is perhaps his role of escape and can draw a much necessary attention to him.
It is also quite possible that it can obtain an nodal appointment.
However, the Academy does not like to give performance for these types of films.
Cuba Gooding, Jr.a was better, but he is certainly not distracting.
Max von Sydow is underused, just like Jessica Brooks and Josh Paddock.
A treat for some moviegoers is to see Werner Herzog appear (if they even recognize it) as the father of Chris lost in the sea of faces.
It is not difficult to see why Herzog would be attracted to this film, since he thinks that the public is hungry for superb images.
Overall, it's Williams and Sciiorra's film.
What dreams can come is evaluated PG-13 for thematic elements involving death, disturbing images, language and a certain partial nudity.
The film is definitely intended for a more adult audience.
Some will find the intrigue distracting.
Some will find the visuals absolutely glorious.
And some will find both.
The only real problem with the film, which I could see, was that it slows down considerably during the median section, just after we were immersed in the visuals and before the start of Annie's search.
By the way, a certain controversy even surrounded the title, which was confused with a sexual term ("which" becomes "wet" and you must understand).
In reality, the title comes from a Hamlet soliloquer .
I just thought I should let you know.