The film "Magnolia" can be compared to a simple flower as suggested by its title and its film poster.
The dozens of characters introduced and developed are like the petals on the flower.
They all come from the same stem and while the flower begins to develop, they grow further and further.
The many characters in the film are all closely connected, no matter how different they are from each other socially.
From a humiliated but kind copy to an aging television game host, each of these characters suffers from the same kind of pain.
They are each seriously alone and are looking for the ideal companion to end this solitude.
Whether this companion is a member of the distant family or a spouse, each character asks one and spends the whole film looking for the perfect one.
 "Magnolia" is an intelligent and well thought out film by the prodigy director Paul Thomas Anderson of the reputation of "Boogie Nights".
The analyzes of detailed characters and the powerful script make "Magnolia" memorable.
However, what is really impressive is that even if there are tons of characters in several unrelated stories, the film is never confusing.
Anderson's control over the transition of a story to another story is masterful.
He also knows exactly when cutting in another sub-containment, because there is not one of the scenes of "Magnolia" which drag too long.
Any three -hour film that does not even deliver an uninteresting scene is really worth it to be recommended.
From the fascinating start to the risky but surprisingly satisfactory end, the film simply does not become boring.
It is obvious that Anderson took a long time in the connection of each sub -intrigue.
It is the ultimate game of six degrees of separation.
Each character is connected to all the other characters by the most than two degrees.
For example, Flic John C.reilly is linked to the host of the Phillip Baker Hall game games through Hall's daughter, Melora Walters, who has already made an appointment with Reilly.
The fact that each character is so different from the others, but so similar, shows that there are universal pain that all classes, races and sexes suffer.
Anderson's explanation to prove that this point is both precise and convincing.
The only error that Anderson made by trying to connect his characters was to simultaneously make his actors singing a song Aimee Mann.
It was stupid not only because it was incredible and hilarious erroneous, but also because it had a musical feeling of Broadway and this film is so far from your typical Broadway musical as you cannot get it.
The performance of "Magnolia" is perfection.
This is a classic example of flawless casting and an impeccable overall actor.
Anderson allows many actors the best supporters of Hollywood to flourish in what they do best, from the character.
All the main characters in each story are perfect because they are able to reveal more emotions and attitudes in their short time on the screen that most movie stars can make in a feature film.
Tom Cruise, who came out of his role as a usual superficial star and came out of his role as a funny but depressing tour de force.
It has probably been noticed more than the other actors in the film by donors because its role here is so different and impressive that those of the past (but any actor of this film could be nominated for the best support actor without any complaint) theProblem that I had with the game was that some of the characters felt seriously published as the character of Melinda Dillon as a wife of Phillip Baker Hall.
She seemed to be thrown towards the end and I felt very little sympathy for her because I had not seen her earlier in the film.
 "Magnolia" uses several effective metaphors to describe its characters.
Anderson has the talent to make the public friendly towards many people in just a few hours.
To see that Anderson is able to perfectly represent these many different types of people show that he has a acute sense of diversity.
Diversity is what makes a director who succeeds for a long time.
I predict a lot of diversity and success of Anderson in the future.