I must admit that I was a little skeptical about "Good Will Hunting", based on both the previews and the first fifteen minutes of the film, in which the main character Will Hunting (Matt Damon),A concierge at the start of their twenties, is discovered as a genius of the Einstein level closet when it solves two extraordinarily difficult mathematical problems overnight.
The only problem is that Will is a hard Kid Kid who had his share of run-in with the law, and shortly after, he is transported for assault after a parking fight.
Professor Lambeau (Stellan Skarsgard), who had raised mathematical problems in his conferences, finds him and concludes an agreement with the police: Will must be released, provided that he works regularly with lambeau on his research in mathematics and assists regularlyto therapy sessions.
It looks like the formula for slightly charming stuffed animals, but "Good Will Hunting" exceeds his premise rather banal to deliver a poignant and intelligent drama.
A conflict is gradually emerging between Lambeau and the therapist of Will Sean McGuire (Robin Williams) - Lambeau wants to get Will to use his brain, while Sean wants him to listen to his heart, which he has largely neglected.
Will discover that the first is much easier than the second, so much so, in fact, that it was bored and becomes more and more resistant to lambeau attempts to recruit it in the academic lifestyle.
He also has his share of problems with his girlfriend Skylar (Minnie Driver), a MIT student who moves to California at the end of the school year and who wishes a reluctant will to come with her.
What makes that the "good will" hunting works so well, apart from solid performance (in particular Damon and Williams) is the depth of the characterization and the representation of conflicts in Will's life.
The sympathies of the script seem to lie more with Sean McGuire than with Lambeau, but none of them is presented as completely reason or bad.
Flame, although it may seem a little cold sometimes, is always written enough for us to love it as a character even when we do not know if we like what he has to say.
And Sean, despite all its warmth, has, as LaMeau and will underline it later, no longer up to its full intellectual potential; the therapy sessions are just as revealing for Sean as for Will.
Will's reaction to this situation, and the way it becomes slowly more receptive to Skylar and Sean, is presented in a credible way and in a way that obliges the public to consider all the opinions of the characters, rather than putting inPlace an obvious "right" and "bad" and beat them over the head with it.
For a film with such an extraordinary character, "Good Will Hunting" presents himself as remarkably ordinary; he performs the difficult task of transforming the next Albert Einstein into a man, a character to whom the public can easily relate and who must doChoice similar to those with whom almost everyone is confronted at one time or another.
This film gives us a real drama when it could so easily have given us melodrama, by ensuring that the government kidnap the desire to use it in secret spy missions or to introduce another situation toowacky.
 "Good Will Hunting" also has his share of fun humor, like when, in a first therapy session, claims to be hypnotized and gently parody the extraterrestrial abduction scenarios which have become so well known in popular culture.
And in the scene in which government agents appear in fact, will blow them with a hilarious accusation of human rights violations in Africa.
Will's relationship with his friends, notably Chucky (Ben Affleck), is generally rather fun, although somewhat rude (the film has more than 100 uses of the word "F", which was most likely the reason for his note),ETSE lends well to the development of Will.
Add all this to the fact In "Good Will Hunting", even manages to make a happy edifying end without becoming excessively sentimental, and you may wonder why I did not give this four-star film.
Well, one thing, no matter how much Damon and Affleck, who wrote the script, and the director Gus Van Sant It, the story is always rather artificial and not particularly original.
There are also a few scenes that felt a little formulated, one of which was supposed to be emotional but which seemed to be the scene of crying compulsory for any film involving therapy sessions.
However, "Good Will Hunting" takes his premises much further than I thought, and is certainly one of the best personal dramas I have seen in recent years, and at the moment, he is one of the fiveFirst my 1997 films list.