Synopsis: In the ghost threat, the galaxy is divided into power groups whose interests will inevitably collide with subsequent consequences.
There is a global United Nations Galactic Organization called the Senate chaired by a weak Chancellor.
Within the Senate, two camps disagree: an alliance of quarrel and isolationist called the Republic and their aggressive rival of the Federation of Commerce.
The preservation of the law and the order are a council of Jedi knights who are looking for an elected representative prophesied a virgin birth.
Manipulating events behind the scenes is a dangerous clan and re -emerging called The Dark Lords of Sith, so dark and secret that they understand a "ghost" threat.
Jedi Knight Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) testify to an invasion of the native planet of Queen Adolescent Amidala Naboo and friendship with a Jar (Ahmed Best).
On the desert planet of Tatooine, the two Jedi, Jar Jar and Amidala (Natalie Portman) attend a long Dragsters race involving young boy Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd).
The five protagonists are trying to solicit help to release Naboo by visiting the planet of the city of Coruscant where many political debates and maneuvers take place.
Can they free the helpless planet of Amidala?
Opinion: on television last night, I watched Young, budding celebrities pay $ 400 per ticket and I am running theaters to lounge in front of the new cameras, spring with testimonies from the greatness of thePhantom threat in exchange for a few seconds to be on national television.
Given this kind of media mania, I was wondering if Phantom threatens, the most anticipated film of 1999, could possibly be up to the extraordinary media threw that preceded it.
Does Phantom threat corresponds to the exaggerated media?
Director George Lucas replies: "It's just a film."
For me, any film with Russian sounding accents for the bad guys, Jamaican accents for good and accents in the Middle East for the accents of shabby gamblers should be more imported than deeply.
Visually, Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999) is a children's program where parents can take their young people to marvel against CGI characters adapted to children and wonderful decorations even if the dialogue of the characters (mainly thegeopolitical) is beyond the level of children.
It is left to the parents to patiently explain the conversation: droid origins, family lines, definitions of terms such as blocking, appeasement, federation, alliance, symbiosis, robots controlled by satellite and cetera.
At least that is clear: there are a lot of candies for the eyes, and in the last minutes, these are the good and Joe Camel Lookalikes against a red devil character with horns and his mechanical hordes.
Weaknesses: weaknesses reside in writing and performance.
At the beginning, it seems that the film is a story of invasion, but then Phantom takes an hour to cover a tank race before returning to the theme of the invasion.
This dilutes central history.
In addition, smaller scenes seem to be consciously written, as if they were added more to inform us about foreign basic information for other films rather than being an integral part of the current film.
The veteran actors Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor significantly surpass other acts of actor.
Better overall chemistry between the five prospects and basic information that is at the heart of a tight scenario could have made sure that ghost performance and a narrative punch.
Forces: On the brilliant side Phantom threatens as a big budget production is well ahead of the competition in terms of creatures, worlds and fanciful vehicles seem real.
The film has sophisticated and high -end visuals and quality exotic costumes, a musical partition enough to be autonomous, and three sequences valid in the second period.
Conclusion?
See the film is entertaining and informative, like a visual theme park W Star Wars filling information serves as a dialogue between impressive silver photos.
We are necessarily flooded by advertising, music and Star Wars links in the coming months.