I know that "the funniest" is not a word.
 "Fun" is a name, and therefore cannot be combined as an adjective.
But this is the word that came to me just after seeing "chicken run".
No wonder: this is the kind of film that reduces you to childish expressions, as "it was the funniest film I have ever seen!"
So, in hell with Webster - "Chicken Run" is one of the funniest films that I have seen for a while.
I don't remember the last time I saw something more fun.
Tweedy's Farm chickens are up to it.
Living in an atmosphere of concentration in the form of a camp, they are led by a courageous hen called Ginger (Voice of Julia Sawalha) which continuously offers escape plans - and is always caught, then pass day after day in the boxcoal.
One night, a cheeky American rooster flies over the fence, named Rocky (Mel Gibson), famous flying rooster and circus artist.
Rocky promises to teach chickens how to fly, and the situation becomes more desperate as Mme Néfaste.tweedy (Miranda Richardson) decides to abandon the sales plan of the farm for a tart sales plan.
She commands a huge pie machine, cackling, "the chickens enter; the pies come out."
What kind of pies?
Chicken pies, of course.
The co-director Nick Park and his studio, Aardman Animation, produced three Oscar-winning short films: "Creature Comfort", "The Wrong Pants" and "A Close Shave".
The last two were the second and third episodes of a trilogy featuring the charming Wallace & Gromit team, a famous man and dog to embark on increasingly special adventures.
Part of what made the films "Wallace" brilliantly entertaining was Park's strange capacity to make an old story seem new.
 "The bad pants", for example, released a lot of old Hitchcockian suspense stuff, and "a nearby shaving" had a lot of inspiration for classic detective stories.
But in the hands of Park and his team, the stories were fresh and inspired, and not at all artificial.
Team the Peter Lord co -director, Park has created a similar creature in "Chicken Run".
The intrigue is widely withdrawn from "The Great Escape" (monitor a quick reference to the ball rebound scene), with some action sequences inspired by Spielberg providing excitement.
The fact is that the film does not have the impression of having been lifted elsewhere; "Chicken Run" feels fresh, alive, like nothing else ever.
Part of this is the original idea: who in the world had the idea of making a film of prisoners of war with chickens?
Park and Lord Milk Milk Milk The incongruity for all that is worth: the characters deal with their situation as if it was seriously serious, and for them, this is the case.
But these are * chickens *, so it's funny for us.
Another thing that helps "Chicken Run" (and most Park films) is the subtle way of the animators to give head signs to the films even as they die.
There are references to "The Great Escape", of course, and "Stalag 17".
The hunting sequence inside the chicken mill parody both "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom".
There is even a nod to "The Blues Brothers", if you can believe it, and the filmmakers even put themselves in a few light ribs to the detriment of their star voice actor, taking a few very subtle blows at thenationality of Mel Gibson Ethistory of the film.
The "Braveheart" reference is a hoe if you catch it.
When you consider how much a line is well between a funny parody and a redundant parody, "Chicken Run" is downright shiny in its execution.
Consider this: since July of last year, I have seen dozens and dozens of parodies "Blair Witch Project", on television, on radio and online.
On all these, maybe one or two were fun, the rest boring.
Why ?
Because once you have gone beyond thought that "they parody this" Blair Wa TCH's film, "Most parodies had nothing to offer - no insight, no original idea, no bigger goal.
They were only funny if you had seen the film; otherwise, you have nothing.
Conversely, "Chicken Run" is not based on his parodies - film references are never the only objective of any scene.
If you have never seen "Indiana Jones", the Chase sequence is always fun.
Even if you have no idea who is Mel Gibson, Rocky remains an interesting character.
Park, Lord and the screenwriter Karey Kirkpatrick realize that a public does not need a pushed parody on their faces before it is understood, and as a result, "Chicken Run" is filled with visual jabs andVerbal who are never too obvious, but not entirely completely done either.
The pleasure of this film does not require knowledge of the history of the film, but if you have it, "Chicken Run" is even richer.
The vocal cast transforms uniformly animated performance, and the characters they play receive so many subtle nuances that it is difficult not to fall in love with each of them.
Ginger is perfect, courageous and obstinate, but with a sweet heart that forbids him from leaving his companions behind, and Julia Sawalha (known as the pretty girl of Mousie on "Absolutely Fabulous") the nail.
She has a warm human chemistry with Gibson, whose Rocky hides her personal doubt under a cheeky Gung-Ho veneer.
The inevitable romance of the characters does not seem artificial, but sweet.
Poor Mr..tweedy (Tony Haygarth) suspects that chickens are organized in one way or another, but his limited intellect prevents him from understanding things, and his authoritarian wife is certainly not help.
Jane Horrocks offers a charming characterization of the voice as tragically optimistic babs (a hen that runs away with most of the best liners, while perpetually hooking a sweater), and two supply rats that seem to have left a montyle directlyPython sketch almost steals the show during the animated sequence of Swing dance.
They even offer a riff inspired on something that has been disconcerted by scholars and theologians for decades: the chicken vs. Dilemma of eggs.
We could have expected that this inevitable joke will present itself as a fatigue, but as for most "Chicken Run", this is a delicious surprise.
The film manages to cross all barriers; it must be accessible to children and adults, British and Yanks, rats and chickens.
The animation is of first order.
Remember that all this was done in the old fashioned manner, with real humans moving clay figurines on a small set of meticulous pieces, and you see how the "chicken race race"Really remarkable is really.
This film has the same quality which makes the animation of Pixar Studios great: precise and unshakable attention to details.
As in a high -level family rate such as "A Bug's Life" or "Toy Story 2", "Chicken Run" has something to offer in almost all settings.
Admittedly, a passive spectator can enjoy it as a simple story with a valid morality and surprisingly touching scenes, but an active and attentive viewers will appreciate it even more because they will catch all the details.
Anyway, the film is just a cargo of pleasure.
Funned Damn Film I saw all year round.