One of the best things about my work is that, from time to time, a film always catches me by surprise.
 "Spy Kids" has certainly done it.
An adventure story mainly intended for children, the film is an intelligent and zipped pleasure.
Production does not pandal or speaks to its audience.
The brother and sister at the center of The Tale are credible and sympathetic children and their parents? Be ready for that? Intelligent, capable and loving.
The humor of the bathrooms is reduced to a minimum and the many well -supported action scenes avoid excessive violence.
What a relief is to be able to review a film of all ages on its artistic merits and not its ethics.
Now consider the other film "Family Friendly" in theaters.
 "Seeing Spot Run" has a mother who comes out of the city, leaving her son with an idiotic neighbor.
The function of the body humor abounds, including a slapstick bit that has adult male lead which falls several times in dog poop.
What really bothers me are the jokes that tighten the film.
The story begins with a police dog capturing a gangster and bites one of his testicles in the process.
In the hospital, the doctors explain that they replaced the testicle with a metallic ball and joke that the victim is lucky that the dog is not biting the other, because two metal replacement balls were tightening together.
Of course, the film ends with the dog that bites the remaining testicle and shows that the prisoners make fun of the criminal as it slams in front of their cells.
Anyone indicated to me? When have genital mutilations become funny?
 "Spy Kids" is a welcome antidote in the repellent "see Spot Run", using imagination instead of cruelty and rudeness.
Carmen (Alexa Vega) and his young brother Juni (Daryl Sabara) live in a beautiful house by the sea with their parents, Gregorio (Antonio Banderas) and Ingrid Cortez (Carla Gugino).
Mom and dad are a sensual couple dedicated to their children.
What children do not know is that they are also former spies.
Once agents from different countries assigned to "collapse", they rather fell in love, have married and retired to raise a family.
Needless to say, they are withdrawn from the company.
Shortly in their first joint mission, they are captured and find themselves at the headquarters of Fegan Fooop (Alan Cumming), an FOPPISH hybrid by Willy Wonka and Pee Weeman who hosts Juni's favorite television show.
But there is trouble behind the scenes, while the inventors prepare an army of robots disguised as children.
Papa Gregorio has the device necessary to radically increase the efficiency of creatures and the bad guys will stop for nothing to get him.
Back home, "uncle" Felix (Cheech Marin) presents himself to reveal the secret of mom and dad to children.
After a brief respite in a safe house filled with enough cool gadgets for a dozen net images stores, Carmen and Juni began to find their parents and save the world, zooming through the sea in a pod under-Marin that looks like a goldfish, while a multitude of bad guys (including Teri Hatcher) pursue them.
During their adventures, they can use Jet-Packs, Electro-Bubblegum bubbles and super -adser sunglasses.
They look at that secret agents are transformed into bizarre creatures with faces of idiots and used as the background characters of the Fooop TV show.
They face guards who have huge inches where their arms, legs and heads would normally be made (why are the guards so ineffective?
Because they are all thumbs!)
They move from one colorful place to another, including a clever virtual reality room that recalls the Holodeck of "Star Trek".
The script is silly and convoluted, but even to its densest, it is easier to follow than the film "Mission: Impossible".
Director Robert Rodriguez ("From Dusk to Dawn") maintains a frantic rhythm, the whole film blocking just 86 minutes.
A little less action and a little more character development would have been good, b It provides enough calm moments for viewers to fully invest in the family.
Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara make a pleasant brother and sister team, arguing how children do it, but meeting when it matters.
Antonio Banderas and Carla Gugino are even better as parents; they establish and quickly maintain great vigorous chemistry while keeping the language correctly in the cheek during the action scenes.
Even Alan Cumming, usually irritating, has beautiful moments? A virtual conversation supported by the cloud between his character and Juni is one of the best segments of the film.
If Rodriguez had added a few more scenes like this, I would have appreciated the film more (and I could certainly have lived without the blatant placement for a certain MC company).
Anyway, "Spy Kids" is a hoe, offering pleasure to adults and children.
And just think, they managed to do it without sacrificing a single testicle.