From time to time, you see such an effective film to deliver the goods that it is easy to forget and forgive, its glaring imperfections.
This is the case with? Hunting of good will ?, A study of a subtle character on a genius of socially inept mathematics which has trouble finding its way in life.
Despite serious character problems, it is always a very good film.
You probably know the plot so me? I will quickly.
Will Hunting (Damon) is a concierge to M.Je .t., He is really smarter than Einstein but no one knows.
He likes to go out with his friend Chuckie (Affleck) and their other working class friends and drink beer.
He is beautiful, charismatic and full of mind, but he has a terrible time with steep authority and folk.
After entering a tiff with the law, a distinguished professor (skarsg? Rd) discovers it will make it?weekly with a therapist and work on various mathematical problems (which perplexed the academic elite) with the teacher.
After having thwarted and frightened the hell of two different psychologists, he meets his match when he was connected with a therapist formerly promising named Sean Maguire (Williams) who has his own problems.
In the meantime, he will meet a student (driver) from the British Faculty of Medicine and they are starting to fall in love.
The story starts well enough and is a fairly original base for a film.
Even if we have seen films on the erratic wonders poorly understood before (? Shine? Sound a bell?), The script creates here a complex story that does not only focus on a single character.
Alas, however, it is not a perfect film, as much as you think? I was watching it.
The only real problem I had with her is the unrealistic nature of the main character.
Is it possible for a modest concierge to be so intelligent?
Of course .
Is it possible for him to be far from any deep human relationship?
Usually, yes.
But, is it possible for him to be so beautiful, funny, fast with the language and the street of the city?
probably not .
Come on, generally these guys are total nerds that can even buy their own shirts, even less talk about a student at Harvard in a trendy pub while picking up phone numbers from Pretty Med.-École
Girls.
Will is just a little too perfect, and in order to accept the character, your suspension of disbelief must be in excellent working condition.
The heavy and anti-war statement made by Will during an interview with government employment at the end of the film is also coarse, too long, pompous and completely useless.
All this seems quite bad, but the film compensates for it in a way by other means.
Damon? S Agting eclipses the fact that the character is slightly incredible, his performance is really extraordinary.
Which brings me to the very good part of the review.
The strength of this film can be summarized in one word: Act.
I can remember having seen a film recently which was so well played from top to bottom.
From Minnie Driver? S Lover frustrated for Ben Affleck?
Robin Williams? Competence is given as a bereaved psychologist who could have had a legendary career but was overthrown on the way somewhere.
The real gem, however, is Stellan Skarsg? Rd?
The scenes between Williams and Skarsg? RD, like two old colleges which? Ve was collected by this enigmatic child, display some of the best actors I? I have already seen.
When I say to deliver the goods, is that what I am talking about.
Looking at these two works is what movies will see.
Gus van sant? He cowboy) Cold, the urban direction is just lit, as well as Danny Elfman? S musical score that jumps.
I highly recommend? Hunting of good will?
Despite its faults, it is always an intriguing and fascinating film and you will probably not see a better played this year.