Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
During the three years which followed the release of revolutionary success Pulp Fiction, the cinematic release of its creator, Quentin Tarantino, was surprisingly weak.
Oh, he was busy - make the talk show circuit, playing small roles in various films, supervising the production of his script for Dusk Till Dawn, making camée appearances in television shows, offering a thumbnail for'Unhappy anthology four rooms-everything, it seems, except to make another feature film.
It was the long intermission between the projects as well as the stunning peak that Pulp Fiction has reached, which made Mr. Tarantino, Jackie Brown, one of the most anticipated films of the year,And his third feature film Ciments cements his reputation as a new American filmmaker the most important to emerge from the 1990s.
Things are not doing well for Jackie Brown (Pam Grier).
She is 44 years old, wedged with a job dead end ("$ 16 000 $ per year, plus retirement services that are not worth it") as on -board agent for the worst airline in North America- And she has just been caught at the airport by the ATF agent, Ray Nicolette, (represented with an excellent childish enthusiasm by Michael Keaton) and the police officer Mark Dargus (Michael Bowen) smuggling from 50$ 000 of Mexico for the runner of weapons by the unpretentious guarantee Max Cherry (Robert Forster).
The LOQUACE Order, based in a hermosa beach house, where her excited daughter with Bong Melanie (Bridget Fonda) and her pleasant cronyism Louis Gara (Robert de Niro) drag, operates in politics that the best ratis a dead rat, and he is soon to silence Jackie Brown.
Meanwhile, the authorities' objective is Orderll, and they want Jackie to help them by organizing a bite up to half a million dollars.
It is only through a series of intelligent twists and turns, turns and double crosses that Jackie will be able to gain the upper hand over his two niles.
Although Jackie Brown Marque MR.The first adaptation of Tarantino produced by Tarantino (based on the novel by Elmore Leonard "Rum Punch"), there is no harm to be wrong about his distinct fingerprints in all this film.
Although it has closely respected source material in the narrative sense, the frame was moved to Los Angeles and the main character is now black.
In terms of atmosphere, the film brings back in the 1970s, funk and soul music of the wall and soul music drowning the soundtrack with the indefinable look of the sets - even the credit sequence of the opening title A l'echo of vintage productions from the 1970s.
The opening sequence with ms.grier without words without words through the lax funky music which moves away on the speakers, is emblematic of the films of this time.
The film's delay is actually 1995, but the atmosphere of Jackie Brown is decidedly retro.
Of course, nothing in the film no longer shouts from the 1970s than the casting of Pam Grier and Robert Forster like the two tracks, and although the intrigue of caper is fun to look like the twists and turns, the beads and the deceptions take placeDeliciously, the strength of Jackie Brownla calm and discreet relationship is developed between Jackie and Max; when they kiss, it may be the most tender scene of the year.
Tenderness? In a Quentin Tarantino film?
Of course, there have been moments of sweetness in his previous films - the affectionate exchanges between the characters of Bruce Willis and Maria de Madeiros in Pulp Fiction and the unshakable dedication shared by the characters of Tim Roth and Amanda Plummer, or even inTank dogs, where a deep and tacit link is developing between the characters of Harvey Keitel and Tim Roth - but for the most part, MR. Tarantino films are characterized by manic energy, unexpected explosions of violence andIntelligent, often verbose jokes.
These staples of his wo RK is all present in Jackie Brown, but what is new here is a different facet of its narration - a desire to impregnate the film with a poignant emotional current and a patience to draw several scenes with great deliberation.
This effective demonstration of the distribution area prohibits the pigeon of Mr.Tarantino as simply a bar of smooth and hips with lows with fast journey and announces it as a talent with multiple facets of good faith; it is the realaffair.
This new aspect of Mr. The narration of Tarantino is probably better incorporated into a single character - that of the maximum cherry las, sensitive and extremely professional, whose tacit attraction for Jackie Touche.
M. The nuanced and discreet performance of Forster is the best in the film; he creates a kind character of such a hair than when he looks at Jackie, we smile with him.
Many press was given on the cast of the icon of the Blaxploitation Pam Grier in mind, with the buzzing wags that Mr. Tarantino can do for her what her fiction Pulp has done to strengthen the career of John Travolta.
It turns out that MS.Grier is solid in the title role of the film, although nothing obliges it here to test its range.
I must be an exception to the assertion that this film marks her career resurrection - she works regularly over the years, often in direct -video -video action films, but also in recent theatrical outings such as Tim attacksBurton Mars's!
And the original gangstas of Larry Cohen (where she joined forces with Mr. Forster.)
Of course, it is true that its role here was a boon - a fleshy part because it is rare for * all * actress, not to mention one of her age and her current status in the industry.
While Jackie Brown can disappoint those looking for another fiction fiction, he marks a tremendous growth of MR.Tarantino as a director whose horizons develop quickly and whose characterizations have never been better.
And although the story of the film does not really guarantee an operating time of 155 minutes, it is filled with as sumptuous wealth, ranging from the brewing of the vive soundtrack to entertaining conversations and without consequences between the characters, that hethere was no time without obligation.
With an impressive trio of feature films to his credit, it will be interesting to see what he tries then.