(Films dimension, the distributor of "Scream 2", asked the press to say extremely little - if anything - about the sinuous intrigue of the film.
It is not an easy task given the spirit that deserves to be mentioned here, but I will do my best to be vague (now there is a first).).
 "The first was [good], but everything else was zero," said a cinematographically warned teenager in the thriller Wes Craven last winter, his statement referring to the films of the series "Nightmare on Elm Street" butBy really putting Overkill franchise in general.
The comment certainly brings a weight: for each really great suite, there seems to be a few failures, which means that one wonders if the writers would better stick to fresh ideas.
But like that or not, comes "Scream 2".And believe it or not, it is a Doozy - a good smooth, sinister, madly subversive moment of the films, such as the intention to send Hollywood supreme syndrome as much as its prequellee laughed from Slasher conventions.
 "Scream 2" is definitely this rare film - a follow -up that can be held next to its original with pride.
It has been two years that a pair of too zealous horror films fans dressed in Edvard Munch-Esque outfits scraped their way through the young population of Woodsboro, California.
Those who survive the test have succeeded in their lives.
The heroine Plucky Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is a dramatic student at the Midwest Windsor College; her boyfriend of pop-Whiz Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy) marked.
Tabloid journalist by Poubelle Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) wrote a bestseller based on their test, whose base was transformed into a (very bad) film entitled "Stab".
And Dewey Riley (David Arquette), still suffering from injuries inflicted during "Scream", left his police station for a while.
Life is quiet ...
At least for a moment.
Several sudden murders again bring together Sidney, Randy, Gale and Dewey, but with eyes suspicious on each other and most of those in their environment - if these four people have learned something from the past, is to do notconfidence to anyone.
Thus, the list of possible victim / potential killers includes said quartet, as well as: Derek (Jerry O'Connell), the new beauty of Sidney; Cici (Sara Michelle Gellar), a chatty daughter; Joel (Duane Martin), Gale's cameraman which is not too delighted with its past soaked in blood; Hallie (Elise Neal), impertinent roommate of Sidney; Debbie (Laurie Metcalf), a local journalist who gives Gale a competition not too favorable; andMickey (Timothy Olyphant), Randy's good friend and film student colleague.
Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber), the man Sidney wrongly accused of the murder of his mother in Scream, also presents himself on the campus - but why?
Like the first cry, Craven and screenwriter Kevin Williamson inaugurated things with a blow.
This time, it is an extended sequence that finds an African-American couple (Jada Pinkett and Omar Epps) who attends an overview of "Stab", making sneaky references on everything, from Sandra Bullock to non-Roles of blacks toSlasher cinema.
Before the tragedy follows the screening, the configuration of the film with a film allows many moments Jokey, including a scene of "Stab" which transforms the now famous prologue of Drew Barrymore by ear.
 ("B ----, hang up the phone and star-69 Son A--!"
Pinkett shouts on the screen.)
It's funny and frightening things (I don't think I will feel safe again in a cinema) that effectively foreshadows the report of intelligent fear and spoofy laughs on the road.
Another impeccable example of this is a cell phone insurance riot of the killer on Randy, Dewey and scabs in broad daylight; he built in a comical way and ends with a real terror because of the emotional investment made on these delicious characters.
There are other superb sets, but explaining them risks that ruin their effect.
There is More players this time to provide both a higher number of suspects and an amazing number of bodies.
This is something of an exchange - the new characters are too big to be as fully developed as the original "Scream" gang, but this film behaves in the knowledge of performance (in particular by Kennedy and Cox) and moreDeath for yourdollar.
It can be said that, although the original can outperform it by a little, Scream 2 is both more scary and funnier.
This certainly does not skimp with shocks - an adult being the murder of a very close and dear actor to my heart (I actually questioned the judgment of Craven and Williamson here, given how much this person addedto these films).
Sometimes you want more could have been done with Stab - the two scenes we have shown are dead - but for moviegoers, there are a lot of subtle nods to films like "the usual suspects", "Aliens"and "The Empire counter-attacks."
However, "Scream 2" does so much correctly, it's mean to chicaner.
His penchant for parody is irresistible, discussions on the merits of films and everything.
The attractive and solid cast is a final bonus.
And the outcome (although it is not as shocking as "cry") is invaluable; the final revelation of the film incorporates songs from a particular horror film well referred in "Scream" with one of the best motifsFrom the villain never put on paper.
All this and a "Scream 3" is in preparation.
Knowing the tendency of the series self-defense, perhaps one of his characters will again discuss the concept of justice as a result.
Mentioning "Scream 2" '' will help them in their argument.