Towards the end of 1996, analysts pointed out that the year would be the last in which Disney would be alone as the king of animation.
The following year, 1997, saw the first sleep entry into the kind of a studio other than the Magic Kingdom: Twentieth Century Fox gave baronial Russia to the masses in the form of Anastasia.
At best, that's all he was - a sleeping blow, designed to surprise but do not shake the industry.
In 1998, however, things were definitely different.
There have been a certain number of thrusts on the adhesion of Disney's death on the market, and fifty -one weeks after 1998, a new champion emerged.
The Prince of Dreamworks in Egypt succeeds when all the other conventional animated products failed.
The other two contenders, the quest for the Warner brothers for Camelot and the own annual entry of Disney, Mulan, lacked inspiration and driving respectively.
Although Camelot was Abymaire at the limit and cannot really be considered a shot in the title, Mulan had the winner.
Unfortunately, he was saturated with traditional animation and Disney-Crute and lost points against the rapidly evolving face of the competition.
By making the Prince of Egypt, DreamWorks moved away from all these characteristics and created a truly unique product.
The animation is impeccable and, apart from the life of a bug, is the most beautiful film to date.
The animators have agitated both flat and spatial effects, and the 2D / 3D combination is something with which the artists of Disney and Fox have faced so far.
The key to success, however, was that the visuals were used not only because they looked cool but also as a method to advance the intrigue.
Namely, some of the most important action sequences (such as separation from the Red Sea) were carried out almost entirely in 3D.
DreamWorks is the first studio to prove that they are successful and that they are able to challenge Disney.
The story is also well written and the characters have been expressed with talent.
For the most part, the plot follows its source material - the book of Exodus - although only in the most general sense.
Writers have taken some creative liberties, and most of them do not damage history in any way.
In fact, the Shakespearean relationship between Moses (Val Kilmer) and the Pharaoh Rumes (Ralph Fiennes) makes history more interesting if anything.
Moses, a Hebrew, is saved from the massacre of the sons of the firstborn by her mother when she places him in a basket on the Nile; he floats in the Palais du Pharaon Seti (Patrick Stewart) and is collected by the royal family.
Moses grew up but learns his inheritance and fled into the desert, where he discovers the bush on fire and is charged by God to return to Egypt and to release the slaves.
At that time, Rames is now Pharaoh, and the two brothers, now on the opposite sides of the line, compete in a Battle of Testaments and a divine intervention.
The casting of Voices is the most impressive and also includes notables such as Sandra Bullock, Jeff Goldblum, Danny Glover and Steve Martin.
The script does not have many liners, and God is reduced to a voice that could well be confused with the same who spoke to Kevin Costner in Field of Dreams, but overall history is exciting and interesting.
It is definitely for an older crowd, and the tykes who have not had a few years of religion lessons will be desperately lost.
But for those who make the offer, the Prince of Egypt can be a good watch.