This is a film on secrets, some who are innocent like those of a pretty little farm, Frances Boyd (Ashley).
Others who are between a married couple who has an impact to become recognized in their field, and his artist's wife, Lillian (Miriam Healy-Louie), who is holding up behind her husband by removing her natural artistic trends in order tooperate marriage.
And, still other secrets which have greater involvement for the world and who are fatal in a political sense, of science carried out by large companies as it was a business business for the results.
Receiving a summer subsidy to study "chemo-therapeutic chemo-therapy", Geoffrey and his wife hope that a summer spent far from the intensity of the big city will bring back the romance that decreases from their marriage and thatRespect for the atmosphere of the country will give them more time together, because their three -year marriage has become trembling because it is more interested in their work than for it.
He slyly managed to keep his job as secret as possible by locking himself in the laboratory, which is out of limits, when he secretly proceeds to carry out experiences on rats and mice, to convince him that what hefact is to benefit humanity with new treatments and possible healing of diseases.
His main argument is that this is what the public wants, they do not want to know how some animals had to die because of these experiences, they just want the advantages of science.
Whether he is represented as a monster creating another monster, just as Frankenstein was created, is the argument biased by the director against his bad science (science as a business) as opposed to good science (science which isSoucu du petit farmer), which is represented by the beautiful and almost perfect gentleman, Alex Vine (David), a young environmentalist who chooses to work in the field, trying to bring farmers to return to organic farming.
He is hired by the university to monitor the dangers of pesticides and all the chemicals that the farmer is almost forced to use to survive financially, because he gives him irreparable damage and the consumer due to all health risksAttached to this new way of agriculture, the methods that have just occurred over the past thirty years and which are driven by large companies to improve their beneficiary margins.
The third vision in all of this is that of the artist, represented by Lillian, who underlines that the work of the artist is shown in public and scrutinized constantly: "Why should he not be true for the scientist?"
She maintains that the artist is the public watchdog, questioning what is good or bad in society, something that bad science has completely ignored.
Geoffrey, impatient to move forward with his research, feels bogged down by the bureaucrats of his company who do not provide him with the three chimpanzees on which he must experiment, because he contacts one of the highest highs of the companyTo argue his case, but Decideil can no longer wait for their help, then he puts an animal trap in the countryside and catches Chester, the magnificent company dog of Frances, a dog which means so much for her and her family because hesaved life.
During his stay on the ground with the bloody trapped dog already on the back seat of his car, he is spotted by Alex and one of his colleagues, and invites them nervously to dinner with his wife, fear that the back'He is fasting, while he rushes to the region.
In the dinner scene which was unfortunately finished, but which was nevertheless the heart of the film, because all the main characters have the chance to speak from the point of view they represent as they eat meat, a way to obtainprotests In that scientific radicals have avoided because they have become so politically correct on everything.
Scientists engage in a rational argument, highlighting their different points of view, while Lillian reacts in an emotional way, moving mainly with David's vision but coming from a very different angle.
It was as if the actors were puppets on the strings that the director controlled and that they simply spit their generalized philosophies.
The director's point of view is absolutely right, is out of regard.
The fact is that the characters have lost their humanity and have become one -dimensional characters.
Geoffrey was compared to a hideous monster, Alex Vine was compared to his family name, the one who quickly holds on the ground, ensuring that the plant has stability, while Lillian was compared to the muse of poetry andof art, inspiration for kindness and beauty.
Alex spent a lot of time with Lillian, because these two seem to share the same opinions and are physically attracted to each other, but when time is ripe for a matter to take place between them, Lillian changes his mindAnd do not decide to go to Alex's apartment.
Geoffrey is already wary of Alex and considers him as an enemy, and marriage seems to be separating and all his cunning tips to possess it no longer work, because it is now impossible to see a good in him and there is noreason why it would remain with him.
The relationship has disintegrated far beyond the point of feeling alone.
The dog is discovered by Alex and she in a deplorable state after Geoffrey is seen by them electrically, and the dog died.
The only thing left for her is to get out of the wedding, but she does not respond to David's loving gesture so that she stays with him, rather choosing to return to town.
The farmer whose dog was tortured to death enters the scientist's laboratory and the cold strike when he was in the middle of a telephone conversation with one of the highest people who told him that all the animals whose animals whose animals whose animals whose animals whoseHe needed was on the way.
What is progress?
What can we expect from life?
Is the small farmer about to go out?
The answers to these questions can be answered as best as possible by good science or art, which are both closely linked to the vision of the American natives of a world entrusted to humanity so that it can respect it and s'occupy it and enrich it with its creations to proper to humanity in a peaceful way.
The fact that this work is not subtle and does not polarize opinions, leaving no room for deeper arguments, is the shame of this decent and intelligent film, which tried so much to say what he had to say butsaid it so hard without trusting his public in his message by not doing that everything seems so black and white.
Not to say a lot about the harmful trends in which he sees science entering; he probably said too much and would have been better if his vision was more poetic and less didactic.
There is something to listen to a conference that deactivates the rebel in me, because I do not like to be struck in the head with the truth but prefers to have it presented in the form which leads to inspiration or to say metaphorically.
This does not mean that I found the film without considerable foundation, which despite its shortcomings, it was worth seeing because of its visual statements, although they were not too subtle, they were inLess effective in setting up the intense atmosphere that the film had to show that there is an in progress mental war currently, of those who believe that a way is right and others who differ with them, and that anyone is neutralmust be considered an enemy because of their indifference.
The challenges of this ecological struggle are so high.
The most powerful visual declaration of the film was perhaps the dead cow of pesticides shown in the opening scene.
It was the image that Lillian spent her time painting all R and had the same effect for her as the faces of animals to Guernica de Picasso for him.
The two artists envisaged the horrors that man could do against the world and represented this tacit pain on the faces of animals so that anyone cares to really see what is happening, does not confuse what side of the fence that heOr it should be.
The pain that Lillian feels, as she forgets her desires to raise a family, and she looks at her painting from the cow and the song, "Make The World disappears" happens back from the background, after having learned thatFrances' A beautiful and loving dog was brutalized by her monster of a husband, all in the name of science, had a raw power that personalizes the dangers of bad science.
Perhaps the most relevant question that the film poses, requires an answer that must be resolved by farmers and consumers who are most taken in the changing world and its new way of doing business, as theQuestion becomes, can science be married to Happy withart?