Bruce Willis embodies Malcolm, a award -winning child psychologist who discovers one night that one of his former patients still suffers from interior demons.
The now adult man enters his apartment while he and his wife (Olivia Williams of Rushmore) celebrate his price, draws Malcolm in the stomach, then suil.
Almost nine months later, Malcolm discovered Cole (Haley Joel Osment, in a brilliant performance), another young man afflicted with the same turmoil as his former patient.
He faces the case of the child in the hope of redeem for having botched the previous one, alienating his wife in the process.
He soon discovers that their boy can see and speak to the dead, and his life becomes forever upset.
Although the first hour is very slow, the sixth sense turns out to be a very powerful and moving film.
I expected this film to be Mercury Rising 2, but I was amazed to discover a small thriller extremely well traced with an exceptionally satisfactory end.
You will mentally find yourself picking up your steps in the film to see if you have seen what you think you have done once the credits roll.
I have to give Mr.ight Shyamalan a lot of credit for a brilliantly written script.
The cast should also receive a lot of credit for making the film as solid as it is.
A lesser cast could have made this film a joke.
Bruce Willis perfectly portrays his character, balancing her need to help Cole and his agony on his tense relationship with his skillfully wife.
Haley Joel Osment shines like Cole, nine, showing patience in his character that few young actors today can withdraw.
Toni Collette, the air clearly different from her pathetic character in Muriel's marriage, gives a strong performance as Cole's mother, who tries to face her son's "disease" and the death of her mother.
Finally, Olivia Williams skillfully portrays a woman who has to fight with a husband who is not there and flirtations with a colleague who could lead to an accepted end -to -cons.
It is a pity that they show Cole's capacities in the trailer, because the film takes almost forty minutes to go to do the same, so we already know what is happening before most of the rest of the castdo it.
Retrospectively, however, the configuration of the forty minutes is essential to enjoy the end of the film, so I have fewer complaints now that I made while I was watching the film.
I'm glad that the teen -style horror movie race has passed and that filmmakers are starting to make more adult dishes.
Films like this, the similar theme of the echoes, and countless other people later in the year should make a fairly entertaining near 1999.
[PG-13]