Jack Nicholson has a funny way of playing characters with very little buyout qualities, but that you end up like it anyway.
Moreover that that, the character in question is Melvin Udall, a successful novelist with an obsessive-compulsive disorder which seems determined to have the least contact with the people around him, except when he wants to be a royal painin you-know where.
He is nasty .
I really mean.
The opening scene shows it by pushing a small dog in the chute of the garbage cans of his co -ownership of Manhattan.
Every day, Melvin eats in the same coffee, is sitting at the same table and is served by the same waitress.
You can say that it is his favorite place to be a vicious nuisance, when his waitress Carol (Helen Hunt) tells him that he can simply go to sit in another section, and all the other waitresses that grine their teeth.
One day, Melvin made a comment that goes from afar, and Carol, really injured, goes like a ton of bricks.
At that time, we find that she is not only the only person who can bear it as a question of course, but also the only person who can also arrive.
Another person who often crosses Melvin's views is Simon (Greg Kinnear), an artist who lives on Melvin's soil.
Aside from the fact that he lives near the terror of the city, Simon has the additional advantage of being gay, making it a privileged target.
Simon Frank's friend (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), so gay, is not much better.
When Simon enters a pair of men who fly his apartment, he is brutally beaten and sent to the hospital, and Frank, who got tired of seeing his friend take verbal violence exploited by his neighbor, intimidated Melvin to lookAfter Simon'schien while he convinces.
It was the same dog that Melvin had previously pushed the garbage.
An interesting thing happens when Melvin takes this dog: Melvin manages to love the dog, and the two develop an attachment which is the catalyst for Melvin's softening to the world around him.
This does not happen overnight, but throughout the film, he bites his tongue here, cares a little there, and the most miraculously, falls in love.
One of the best elements in this film is to watch Melvin try to express feelings that are not the usual negatives that he so often shares with others.
He travels terra incognita here, and it shows.
The good performances are returned by all the main players of this film, in particular by Nicholson and Hunt.
They play well from each other and have real chemistry, which is a pleasure to look at them on the screen.
Greg Kinnear, who becomes known for his support film roles, is also very good at playing the vulnerable Simon.
He gives a short monologue on what it means for him to be an artist, and the book with such inspiration and conviction that you really feel what he feels.
Cuba Gooding Jr.Function with an energy level in force which contrasts well with that of Kinnear, and occurs with an almost constant comic performance.
The scenario, by Mark Andrus and James L.Brooks, is intelligent, touching and funny.
The best part on this subject, however, is that it is filled with characters that we care about because they are really interesting.
Melvin is a man whom we cannot quite understand, but whose original manners and qualities capture our attention.
Carol is a woman who works with her mother, trying to take care of a child with a debilitating respiratory problem.
Simon is a man who is a success in his peer circle, but who is still not accepted by a large part of society.
Combined with the talent of the actors, these characters make the film.
The only notable area that is lacking, however, is the absence of gooding from Cuba, Jr. Through the second half.
His character makes a release which is supposed to be temporary, but the film ends before his return, leaving his relationship with Simon and Melvin d.
I would have liked to see more of his character in general, in addition to part of the conclusion of the film.
There is an actor, who will probably not be recognized by rewards, but who greatly contributes to many scenes from the film and who deserves to be mentioned.
It's this little dog.
He plays such an essential role in the development of the character of Melvin, in fact serves to transmit the plot and has absolutely scene moments, that it is difficult to believe that it is simply an animal.
Reward or not, however, when even the dog puts a good performance, you know you have an exceptional film.