With the exception of their surrealist satire Barton Fink, the films of Joel and Ethan Coen settle in two main categories: original and sometimes dark humorous sockets of the genus "Film Noir" in which the crime schemes go wrong and turnIncreasingly out of control (Fargo, Miller's Crossing, simple Blood) and comedies outside the walls centered on a character of eccentric and exhausted lead (raising Arizona, the Hudsucker proxy).
Their latest offer, The Big Lebowski, comes from this last category, although there are elements of the crime theme and even a touch of satire in this film.
The main difference, however, is that if the protagonists of the elevation of the Arizona and the Hudsucker proxy had aspirations and high ideals but did not have the brain to collect everything, the main character of the Big Lebowskiseems to be a fairly intelligent guy is wise for the world, but he doesn't really want to do a lot of things in addition to bowling, smoking pot and generally relaxing.
This main character is Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski (Jeff Bridges), presented by the disjointed narrator of the film (Sam Elliott) as "most likely the most lazy man in the County of Los Angeles".
The guy is unemployed, needless to say, and spends most of his time in the bowling alley with his two best friends, Walter (John Goodman), a limited psychotic who is used to shooting a firearm when he thinks thatSomeone cheats in a Bowling ("has the whole world went crazy?!" He shouts to an alleged cheater), and Donny (Steve Buscemi), who is still a few steps from the conversation and is constantly reprimanded byWalter for that ("Donny, you have a reference frame here!").
These three seem more or less live for bowlingal tournaments, and at the start of the film, they anticipate an important match with the Bowler Rival Jesus Quintana (John Turturro), who, when we meet him for the first time, makes a danceIn the bowling alley to help a Spanish version of "Hotel California" and, if possible, seems to be a head of head than Walter.
If this does not give you a good idea of the absurd tone of this film, then perhaps it will be: the whole scenario that animates the story is set in motion by two thugs wrongly urinating on the carpet of the guy.
They confused it with a millionaire of the same name which is also known as "Big" Lebowski (David Huddleston) and whose nymphomaniac woman Bunny (Tara Reid) owes money to the porn producer Jackie Treehorn (BenGazzara).
The guy goes to Big Lebowski at the request of compensation for his ruined carpet; he is unlucky, but when Bunny is apparently kidnapped, the elder Lebowski asks him to deliver the ransom of $ 1 million.
Unfortunately, Walter gets involved and confronts the deposit, and before being able to try again to get money to supposed kidnappers, the guy's car is stolen, as well as the case containing the money.
Soon, the guy is harassed not only by the great Lebowski himself, but also by Treehorn and by a group of German "nihilists" who require ransom money even if they may not have been involvedIn the kidnapping in the first place; the guy and Walter suspect that Bunny may well kidnap in order to extort money from her husband to repay her debts in Treehorn.
Meanwhile, the Big Lebowski's daughter, Maude (Julianne Moore), a feminist avant-garde artist who likes to make big entries swinging in the naked air, wants to recover money for her family.
The intrigue, however, is only a vehicle for all these bizarre characters to launch wild and write their own unique forms of ravage.
The overviews of the Big Lebowski work "run through the jungle" of Creedence Clearwater Revival, and he adapts: the sisters see Los Angeles as a real jungle of quirks and nuts More problems (generally without success).
The film does not present as many liners and gags of view as the other comedies of the Coens (although there are some hilarious moments of visual humor, especially in the dream sequences of the guy and the acid flashbacks), butThis is made up more than the fact on this, the pleasure of watching these strange characters interact.
The film sometimes seems a little disjointed accordingly - you have the impression that the sisters have not only put their characters loose in this "jungle", but that you are also crazy through the jungle of their own twisted imagination - but forMost characterizations are interesting enough to overcome the trembling plot and what turns out to be a somewhat anticlimatic resolution.
There is also a notable (but not too heavy) thread of social commentary in the Big Lebowski, which, moreover, takes place when the Gulf War is about to start; at the beginning, we see George BushOn television to make his speech "this assault will not hold".
The sisters are targeting almost all the elites L. Un .sous-culture in the book: the rich selfish businessman ("The tramps will always lose!"
Shout the Big Lebowski at one point), the porn industry, the authoritarian police officer of Malibu who reprimands the guy for having disturbed his "peaceful beach community", etc.
In the end, we really start to admire the guy, who almost certainly shelters the least "attack" of anyone in this story; his passive resistance (the accent put on "passive", although) to the elite appears as somethingFurthermore than another eccentric characterization in a film overflowing with original characters.
He also turns out to have a fairly functional brain in his head, even if he doesn't like using it very much; his sarcasm towards Treehorn and the Malibu policeman shows that he knows when he gets run, and he managesto unravel the mystery of the abduction at the end.
The sisters are certainly mocking the guy for his laziness, but they do not only treat him as fodder for cheap blows either.
I think that, more than anything, is what makes The Big Lebowski a remarkable comedy: he manages to approach characters like guy and, to a certain extent, Walter, with a real affection while recognizing that they are quitebroken.
The members of the public can find themselves surprised to see how much they like the non -dynamic duo at the end of the film, since they seemed nothing more than the butts of a prolonged joke at the beginning.
 "It is good to know that it is there, the guy, taking it easy," poses the narrator towards the end.
I dare say that shorter words have rarely been pronounced.