"Being John Malkovich" is the type of film we need to see more.
Today's films are either superproductions that entertain us with boring formulas or those with similar themes.
Malkovich does not fall into any of these categories, and it is quite refreshing to see this happen.
This strangely provocative story is actually somewhat understandable.
John Cusack plays a puppeteer trying to go to the big moment.
His wife (Cameron Diaz) supports them by working in a Petstore, which explains the obscure pets they keep in their apartment.
When Cusack finally realizes that he needs to get a job, he finds an ad for a deposit.
When it reaches the building, it arrives at 7 1/2 floor.
It is there that he discovers a secret portal that leads to being John Malkovich for 15 minutes at a time.
Meanwhile, Cusack meets a trading partner (Catherine Keener), in which he fell madly in love with her.
The only problem is that she has no interest in him anything.
The entire portal is not only a toy, in fact, it becomes Cusack's dream.
Being inside Malkovich's mind gave him the opportunity to mainly control Mlakovich, like a puppet, and to realize his fantasies.
I don't want to give it too much, but Cusack becomes too attached with his discovery.
In my opinion, this idea is absolutely brilliant.
It is really quite frightening to think that someone could become you, control yourself, be you.
This makes you ask you why we act like us, and why sometimes we exclude things or act unexpectedly.
Even if the script is super clear, I can't help but find the end that hates.
It could have led to something more, or at least a funny conclusion.
He tried to explain a mythology on the portals, which pretended to be precipitated.
Other than that, I had a very pleasant time.
The game was also very delicious.
John Cusack finally had the opportunity to prove his capacity, and he does it well.
He is by far the most underestimated actor due to a lack of popularity, but I hope it will change.
Cameron Diaz was her usual charming self, even if I felt that a game was bad for her, but she removed it.
John Malkovich himself continues to slide people with his strange facial expressions and his tone of voice.
Who else would be better to explore?
The director, Spike Jonze, who appeared in Three Kings last month, really attracts my attention with this project.
I knew he was bizzare, but not at this extreme.
He too probably receives the attention of the media.
 "Being John Malkovich" is not an excellent film, but it is definitely entertaining and will become a cult favorite.
What is even better is the confusing message of the film ... am
I Nick Lyons?