assume nothing.
The sentence is perhaps one of the most used in the 1990s, because first impressions and rumors are almost never what they seem to be.
The sentence is mainly worth for Oscar Novak, an architect who is the main objective of three in Tango, a delicious and funny romantic comedy on hypotheses and being yourself.
Novak (Matthew Perry), a shy and clumsy architect based in Chicago, with an openly gay partner, Peter Steinberg (Oliver Platt), fights for projects day after day.
One of them is the restoration work of a popular building for Charles Newman (Dylan McDermott), a rich and well -known businessman.
Charles immediately takes a taste for Oscar, because he appreciates his personality and his sense of humor.
Seeing Oscar as someone in whom he could trust, Charles asks him to look at his girlfriend, an unpredictable and adventurous girl named Amy Post (Neve Campbell), who earns her life by making glass.
Charles wants to know who she is talking to, what she does and where she is going.
point ?
To make sure she doesn't see someone else, of course.
Oscar willingly takes the position and meets Amy during an art exhibition, and sparks fly between the two from the start.
Oscar feels that he found the one that was significant to him, and he is satisfied with the idea of being with Amy.
Well, another popular sentence from the 90s is "all the right things must end", and this is also true for Oscar.
Charles enters Amy and Oscar taking a drink one night, because Oscar and Amy have become great friends, but he does not seem to worry about it.
Why is it ?
He thinks Oscar is gay.
He is not afraid of sharing this either with him either.
Oscar is in shock after the words: "I swear that if you were not gay Oscar, I should kill you", are whispered flamboyant with Charles' mouth.
The word is instantly spread across the city.
Oscar "will he come out" of his supposed cheerfulness, or will he tell everyone that he is not?
One could immediately think that he would deny the fact, but many occurrences come to Oscar, which leads to the fact that if he denies the fact, he could lose his job with Charles.
Matthew Perry is no exception to his character from Chandler on the already classic T.
The comedy "Friends" because Oscar Novak and Chandler are without any idea, shy and sensitive.
Nevertheless, Perry is hilarious here, and shows that he can manage the drama, as obviously, his character suffers a little here.
It's wonderful to see Neve Campbell outside a horror film (she was the Star of Scream 1 and 2, and the next Scream 3) while she superbly manages the comedy here.
Her voice, smile and personality are more than perfect for romantic comedies - stay with this genre, Neve.
Neve is delicious as a conflict character, who feels love for Oscar, but knows, based on rumors, that he is gay.
As usual, Campbell is friendly as his friendly character.
Unlike the other two tracks here, Dylan McDermott is flat in his dialogue and is never convincing.
When his character his present, McDermott gives a dull tone on the stage with his horrible actor.
Stay at T.V.
Drama, The Practice, Dylan.
The main weak point in Tango is the management of Damon Santostefano.
No originality or technical is used.
Three in Tango are lucky that the script is so edgy and that Perry and Campbell be wonderful in comedy, otherwise the film would have been a disaster, because it is simply boring to watch.
Three to Tango is a film made several times before, because the plot is suspect of the object of my 1998 affection, but the intrigue has never been so well finished.
Three in the Tango script, written by Rodney Patrick Vaccaro and Aline Brosh McKenna is fun, fast and funny, offering not only original and hilarious gay jokes (not your mill of mill), but a certain vigor in the dialogue betweenCharacters who always keep smiling.
Unlike South Park last summer: larger, longer , and not cut and in 1997 in & out, Three to Tango is a comedy in which the gay element is neither rude nor vulgar.
The script is wise to take this route, because gays cannot (I do not think, in any case) offended by this light and fun comedy.
 (To prove this, a gay couple was in the audience who laughed constantly.)
Three at the peak of Tango is a hilarious and intelligent scene which is pure irony based on the result of the most romantic identity comedies.
Three in Tango is a jewel.
The essential: Three to Tango is a light, clear and catchy romantic comedy with a superb end and large stars.
One of the best romantic comedies in 1999.