The opening ramp indicates to us that the galaxy is agitation on the taxation of commercial roads, and the federation of gourmet trade used its armada of powerful space batteries to block the planet Naboo.
We soon note that the Federation plans to invade the planet with a huge army of warrior robots and to force the sovereign of Naboo, the young Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman) to sign a treaty giving control of the Federation.
However, the Galactic Republic sent Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) and Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) as emissaries to the Federation in order to negotiate the end of the blockage.
As soon as it happens that the leaders of the Federation are educated via the holographic transmission by a mysterious figure of massicle to destroy the Jedi, and the first battle begins.
It seems that for me and thousands of people like me, love for the George Lucas trilogy of Star Wars films has only developed over time.
We are the fans, not the monsters.
We will not dress like Dark Vader (although you had to admit that these imperial uniforms are damn cool), and we will not incorporate the lines of the script in our daily conversations (not all the time, anyway), but someone wants to challenge us to a small trivia competition, we throw.
Very well, stop looking at me like that.
We waited faithfully and patiently.
While waiting for this film since the credits of the Jedi's return has started to roll.
You see, the trilogy is not only a set of films, but a kind of religion for us, the faithful disciples and the ghost threat is equivalent to the second coming of the Messiah.
Unfortunately, this is not our Savior.
For weeks in advance, I went around to tell people that this film would be better to be damn good - incredibly good - miraculously good.
Nothing less and it will be the greatest disappointment of the century.
I did not want the prophecy made made to be realized, really I did not do it, but this film nevertheless fails to reach the pinnacles of cinema.
The development of character is practically nonexistent.
With the possible exception of Qui-Gon, most characters in the film do not seem to do other than to go through movements.
None seem very affected by their experiences, and few even show any passion.
Compare this to the horribly irritating comic relief to which we are almost subjected to the shape of Jar Jar Binks, a creature belonging to a breed that lives in underwater cities in Naboo, in a precarious symbiosis with the terrestrial inhabitants led by Amidala.
Jar Jar's life is saved by Qui-Gon at the start of the film, and travels with our heroes for the only reason to make us laugh (or supposedly).
His ways of speech are so "cute" that I could not understand a third of what he said, and the slapstick he interpreted was just distracting.
His head is caught in an electronic field, his foot is caught in the stirrup of a large beast, he describes in difficulty like "Deep Doo Doo" and even manages to intervene.
This is where a key difference is between this film and one of its predecessors.
In Star Wars, we had Obi-Wan telling us that Mos Eisley was a "miserable riche and wickedness".
In the ghost threat, we get Doo Doo.
The movies of the trilogy removed me from my daily life and plunged me into a story "a long time ago in a galaxy far, far ...".
This film, on the other hand, constantly reminds me that it is only a film by including situations and sentences which are so only modern American that they seem incredibly moved and are used to shake the spectator of the experience.
Perhaps the most obvious offensive performs on a scene where young Anakin Skywalker enters a pod race competition (it's a bit like chariot races with large engines instead of horses), andThere are a few comments Rs in a press box delivering an Indy 500 type game per game.
I liked the pod race; it was really exciting and reached tension, but when he devil Lucas thought about the idea of putting sports racasters?
The race would have been even more exciting without distraction.
This aspect, associated with the emphasis on humor, simply confused me.
I suppose that we can say that Lucas was trying to call on the young spectator, but more intelligent scenes and dialogue harm this call?
Have millions of young people yet returned to see the original Star Wars in 1977 again and again?
Have the action figures not yet sold like hotcakes?
Of course, they did it, and it is only a bad judgment that allows a most anticipated film in the story of being spoiled by children who would have still appreciated a film with more attraction foradults.
One aspect that will largely appeal, however, is the use of special effects.
The inhabitants of Lucas' industrial light and magic, the first house of the effects of the world, were outdone by providing transparent integration of computer -generated images and real images.
Certain scenes must be seen to be believed, in particular the plans of a land battle between the army of robots of the federation and the compatriots of Jar Jar.
Spatial battles are also impressive, although improved on the efforts passed by subtle margins at the occasional observer.
However, this testifies to the work that ILM produced two decades ago and still resists well today.
John Williams is back, of course, offering a score for the film as he alone can.
His music is omnipresent everywhere, as catchy and as dramatic as ever, always used to punctuate scenes significantly and appropriately.
Since this film is supposed to be the first episode of a story of nine episodes (Star Wars, the Empire is back and the return of the Jedi being the episodes four, five and six, respectively), the ghost threat has the intimidating taskThe establishment of the origins of several characters that we already know, in addition to those with whom we do not know.
Consequently, attention to history and characterization has spread a little thin.
It would have been pleasant to become deeper with Yoda and Obi-Wan, for example, but since there were several new characters to cover, it is understandable that part of the development was left for the following two films.
One of the new characters is Dark Maul, hailed as the new villain with as much media threw as marketing forces could bring together before the release of this film.
Despite the media threshing, Dark Maul is a character who hardly had to be in the film, his role is so insignificant.
He may have three lines spoken (believe it or not, a second actor expresses the character) and the rest of the time turns around and seems mean.
It working against him, he never had the chance to be interesting and rather ends up with a whole disappointment.
Lucas seems to have wanted to develop the spiritual nature of the Star Wars universe, something that was important throughout.
However, he does it largely in parallel with Star Wars spirituality with the Bible, offering an easy outing to writing stories and again bringing the spectator to the planet Earth with a real connection.
Curiously, while trying to capitalize on spirituality, Lucas introduces at the same time the fact that controlling force depends on few parasites that love strength in the cells of your body.
It only serves to de-mystify the functioning of the force a few notches by offering a scientific connection.
Do not let me be too mistaken.
The ghost threat, according to most standards, is a good film.
It contains a lot of visual treats, prepares the field for an epic story, gives us a little excitement here and there, and even allows us to see some of our old friends again.
It's just that when he is held to his predecessors (and not doing it would be a realis TIC), this film simply turns pale.