After a successful race in Australia last year, and with many critical praise, Muriel's marriage opens on average release this weekend in North America.
Muriel Heslop is a young woman withdrawn and overweight living in Spit Porpoise, Australia.
She is often the target of her father's frequent diatribes to the family and drowns her feelings of insufficiency with Abba music and marriage fantasies.
Her self -disgust is such that being married will prove to be a success; marriage will transform her into a new person respected and admired.
After her four friends cliny threw him, Muriel conspiracies to follow them in a station where they celebrate the honeymoon of one of the girls, and Muriel's wedding takes place from there.
Toni Collette embodies Muriel in a winning performance, transmitting both the sadness of her character and his desperate eagerness to be accepted.
Collette won 43 scary pounds to play the potéed title character.
It has a natural presence on the screen and gives off charisma, easily winning the public with honest and painful performance.
Collette mainly bears the film, appearing in almost all stage.
Muriel's father, Bill "The Battler" Heslop, is described by Bill Hunter as a smooth politician / developer.
While doing things with young fans and singing `` You cannot beat the progress '' (his slogan), Bill qualifies his family without value and embarrassment.
Rachel Griffiths plays Rhonda, who becomes the cheeky new friend of Muriel in the film.
She has good chemistry with collet, and the film suffers when Griffiths is off screen.
Muriel's turmoil, played by Pippa Grandison, Rosalind Hammond, Belinda Jarrett and Sophie Lee, are two -dimensional caricatures, all impercunity, vain and grouped, although this is probably due to Hogan scripts
Muriel's marriage is essentially a gender teenage comedy with more intelligence and a lot of charm.
The use by Hogan of the tunes Abba (which practically includes the whole soundtrack) is interesting appropriate, although its repetitivity is pmuing after a certain time.
Hogan's script is just on the brand in terms of proportionally mixture of comedy with the sincere quest for Muriel's acceptance, and the magnificent scene with Muriel Windows beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage has for her.
The flagrant pastel colors carried by the performers are an interesting touch.
Muriel's wedding offers a good performance by Toni Collette and a charming story, although a little too simple and conventional of the P.Jhogan.
On my four -star scale, I give Muriel three -star's wedding.