So many students strive to embark on schools like Harvard de Princeton, but they simply do not get the right notes.
So many students would do everything to achieve their goal of entering these schools.
Legend has it that if your roommate commits suicide, the remaining roommates will obtain a 4.0.
Chris (Michael Vartan) and Tim (Matthew Lillard) are two guys who really want 4.0 to enter Harvard.
How far will they go to get their 4.0?
Chris and Tim are also roommates with Rand, played by Randall Batinkoff.
The two diagrams to murder Rand, make a suicide look, so that they can get their 4.0.
They have heard this rumor of many places, and they are ready to seize the opportunity to discover it.
Rand is a very, very nasty person.
He treats his girlfriend Natalie, played by Tamara Craig Thomas, as if she was not important at all.
She is very afraid of him, and she is particularly afraid of telling him that she is pregnant.
She says to him and he becomes enraged.
This night would be the last night of Rand's life.
Tim and Chris give rand a bottle of rat poison, making him think that it is beer.
Rand drinks the poison, then dies.
Now Tim repels him from a mountain with a suicide note near the site to give the impression that he has committed suicide.
It does not take long before the suicide note was found, but the body is not found.
The police question Chris and Tim on Rand to try to find information.
Feeling extremely guilt, Chris has trouble, especially with his girlfriend, Emma, played by Keri Russell.
She wants to know more, but he won't even talk to her.
Will he give in?
Tim will hinder Chris?
Will Chris make Tim?
Will they transform?
All these questions crossed my mind while watching this smooth suspense film.
The events of the curve are very surprising, original and fun.
The plot looks very much like Dead Man on the campus, but it is not the agreement with this film.
This film is very serious, with little laughs.
There are a lot of twists and turns that make this film different from most films.
The end in particular is completely unpredictable and satisfactory.
It is a great and suspense end that I could never predict would happen.
Handleur to Dan Rosen who wrote this wild ride.
The sound really stood out in the film.
It's quite strange and it really adds to the feeling of the film.
The way the film is shot is also great.
All the technical aspects, as well as the aspects of actor and staging are very well done.
The curve's performance is very good.
Matthew Lillard can play another frightening role, just like in Scream in 1996.
 (A +) It is also very strange in this film.
I love him in this kind of role, rather than in the roles he played in comedies such as Senseless and she is all that.
Michael Vartan is fantastic as Chris, who has extremely mixed emotions all over murder and 4.0.
Michael Vartan was also superb in Never was kissed, where he played with Drew Barrymore as a teacher who fell in love with his student.
Keri Russell also gives great performance.
She should be a good actress in the horror department of the film.
Tamara Craig Thomas is also realistic, especially with the death of her boyfriend.
Some very strong support performances come from smaller roles, such as Bo Dietl and Anthony Griffith who play two detectives investigating the case.
The essentials - I could have on curves that A A.
 * Note - The curve was presented to the Sundance Film Festival in early 1998.
It was decided that the film would not be widely released.
It is now available on successful video only and to rent only.
Go to the video store!