Available for rental - October 12, 1999
10 things I hate about you is an update of the classic game, the taming of the Musarigne.
That said, drop all the pre-conceived concepts of what Shakespeare's work is supposed to be and welcomes you to Padua High School, home of a student advisor (Allison Janney) who is obsessed with the male penis; a teacher'African-American English slightly too trendy and racist (Daryl Mitchell); a new child named Cameron (Joseph Gordon-Levitt); a model named Joey (Andrew Keegan), the subject of Cameron and Joey's crushing; Bianca (Larisa Oleynik); Bianca's sister - The Shrew (Julia Stiles in a wonderful performance) - whose name is Katarina, Kat for short.
With movies on high schools similar to those who cross projectors like water in the Nile, it would be quite easy to write 10 things that I hate in your home like another silent comic romance.
However, you must realize that the story is timeless, and a few hundred years later, it is just as full of mind and comical as when Elizabeth looked happily, the floors below and the brassiers stuffed on stage.
The first reminder of the original scribe is in the surname of Katarina and Bianca: Stratford.
Their family is led by Walter Stratford (Larry Miller by Pretty Woman), a doctor who is too familiar with pregnancy in adolescents and keeps his children accordingly.
In what he thinks is a moment of ironic humor, family policy "without dating" is changed to "Bianca can date ... When
[Katarina] the fact. "
With the ball just in front, the fate of Bianca is dark; unless, of course, it can tame the Musagaine.
Do not think that this mission is simple, as Bianca gently underlines, her sister "is a particularly hideous loser's breed."
Having Katarina to date is complex and often confusing.
When Cameron, who loves Bianca, learns his father's new rule, he consists of consulting a friend to get advice.
The program they dream is to fully exploit "someone with money".
In this case, it is Joey - the other guy with the Beguin for Bianca.
Cameron's friend, a loser by a verdict for adolescents, convinces Joey to pay someone who has enough guts to remove the Musagaine.
The solution is no further than the second flagrant reminder of the Master Scribe: Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger).
This Verona is far from fair; the rumor wants him to previously threw his scene in prison.
In addition, Katarina openly opted the aforementioned English teacher that "Hemingway was an alcoholic who dragged around Picasso, hoping for his remains".
The laws of high school cinema inexorably transform Patrick and Katarina into Romeo and Juliet.
Providing a constant reminder of the fact that this is not exactly what Shakespeare had in mind is the compulsory elements for a high school comedy: a polluted party with alcohol, a betrayal of a best friend and the ball.
It is the latter who has become infamous for the closure of films like Drive Me Crazy, American Pie, has never been kissed, Carrie, she is all that and cannot wait barely.
However, even these practices have roots in Shakespeare; Falstaff was drunk, Romeo and Juliet met during a party, and César learned the hard -haired loyalty.