Deep Rising is one of "these" films.
The kind of film that is useless except to entertain us.
He does not ask us to think of important questions such as life on other planets or the possibility that there is no God ... Visse that, says with boldly, let's see certain monsters generated by computer tear off, beheads and generally provoke irreparable crazy people with a bunch of little -known actors.
he h !
These eccentric monsters, I must love them.
Of course, as we can rent about a thousand B films with the same kind of story, Hollywood must give this little additional "Omph" to bring people into theaters.
This is where the deep climb fails, which is a good thing.
confused ?
Let me explain:
Despite all their flashy effects and the big explosions, a deep increase is always, at heart, a good film OL B.
Fortunately, it's a very good film B.
The worst clichés in the history of cinema are the bread and butter of a film B.
Therefore, things that destroy a serious film help us have a good time watching a lower caliber film.
Of course, we know that there is a great viscous creature behind this door, this person will go away to be chosen by said monster and we always know which people or person will be alive.
We do not know when or how horrible it will be.
I went to see the editing deeply with my weak explanations and my tolerance for a high dialogue.
Imagine my surprise when I discover that the deep climb is actually, well, damn funny sometimes.
A funny B film?
Well, it's new.
These films are not supposed to make us laugh.
 (Except for a few involuntary laughs once a moment.)
And before we know, Treat Williams, Wes Studi and Famke Jansen appear on the big screen.
Hey! I know them guys (and gal) of a few other films.
cool .
familiar faces.
So far, so good .
Our milking is the hero, he will live.
Wes is a must of films B, he is the victim of token.
We know that he will buy the farm, but he will take a few snaps with him when he came out.
Famke is the baby '' said Nuff.
There is also a guy with glasses (the guy with glasses always dies) a black person (the mo filmmakers know that the black guy always dies, never fail) and a very funny and cheesy guy.
 (Ah!
Comic relief.
How can we explain the duty to kill him ... Leave
He lives.)
After the first fifteen minutes, I felt at home.
I know who to take advantage of and who I need to huer too and a chewing gum.
 (Please kill me.)
Just say that for the next hour and a half, I jumped from my seat several times, I went "Ewwww" about a dozen times and I almost had an orgasm on all explosions and fire powerthat our heroes were taking.
I am a man, we note these things.
Overall, I would recommend that you find the assembly if you are looking for a good time and you care to leave your brain at the door ... but
Bring your sense of humor and your excitement with you.
The action is decent, the effects greater than high speed.
How to describe it at best?
Put in place the Hard Rain jet ski scene, Starship Troopers Bogues attacks, a James Bond couple like waterfalls and all these Friday scenes the thirteenth and Freddy where you continue to shout "Do not go there, heis behind you "and you find you with a deep climb.
For frightening kindness, tight t-shirts, major firepower and the need to go to the toilet every fifteen minutes of the search for all this water.