Revue by Susan Granger on "Big Eden" (Day of Feet)
It is a utopia, this small town nestled in the Timberland in the northwest of Montana, where the old codgers relax on the porch of the general store to spend the time and the local matchmakers (Nan Martin, Louise Fletcher) impatiently associateYoung people, regardless of, whether it be, it doesn't matter, regardless of young people, regardless of, no matter, regardless of young people, regardless of, no matter, regardless ofYoung, no matter, whether, no matter, regardless of young people, regardless of young people, regardless of young people, regardless of young people, regardless of young people, regardless of young people, whatever young people, whether, no matter what sexual preference.
There is no homophobic or Bigot, to the surprise of Henry Hart (Arye Gross), a successful but lonely Manhattan artist who returns home to take care of Sam (George Coe), the big-Man patient who raised it.
And with the simultaneous reappearance of his best friend of the school and the object of his unrelated love (Tim Dekay), now divorced by two young sons, the fact of his homosexuality must be confronted.
To complete the triangle, there is the big and taciturn Amerindian (Eric Schweig) which owns the general store and secretly prepares gourmet meals for Henry and Sam.
This fable on the house and the family is a first beginning for the first filmmaker Thomas Bezucha (a former designer for the coach and the Polo / Ralph Lauren) who is meticulous on the details of the mind, using walks like "Welcome to my World "and" Achin ', Breakin' Heart "to set up the concept of our universal desire to find a place where we can love and be loved.
In Big Eden's paradise, what you are does not matter as much as generosity of mind, respect and kindness.
Of course, the plot is improbable, but it is a fantasy of good humor, so the allowances must be made.
And Rob Sweeney's photography from the Glaciers National Park is spectacular!
On the Granger's film gauge from 1 to 10, "Big Eden" is a charming, original, decorated 7.
It is a comforting romantic comedy on a gay man who does not die from AIDS or does not find himself alone at the end.