Buffalo? 66 is a very rarely known film that features Vincent Gallo and Christina Ricci.
Gallo plays a very disturbed man, who was sent to prison for playing.
Once out of prison, he must visit his parents, that he said he was married.
The truth is that he is not married.
To try to impress them, he kidnaps a girl (Christina Ricci) of a dance class of taps to act like his wife.
The film is made at a very cheap, and it shows it throughout the film, but you don't need money to make a good film.
Buffalo? 66 does not always stay with the realistic concept and sometimes goes through scandalous events.
Gallo's parents, played by Angelica Huston and Ben Gazarra, are two very strange people.
The mother plays a football fanatic and the father plays a calm man with strange habits.
Gallo and Ricci arrive with his parents, and some extremely funny scenes take place in the house.
Ricci's performance during the stage with Gallo's parents is very well done.
There is constant humor involved in interesting dinner table scenes.
The way the film was shot in this particular part of the film was interesting and creative.
They seemed very mediocre, but they worked very well.
The character of Gallo is very well developed.
The impression that he is very depressed and confused is very clear.
Gallo gives a performance that makes you believe what the character is going through.
His character goes through many problems, like many people in real life.
This character seemed very realistic to me.
The character of Ricci is funny and different.
She does not care that she was kidnapped, in fact, she falls in love with the man who kidnapped her!
Ricci is a very wonderful actress and she begins to obtain the recognition she deserves.
Buffalo? 66 is not all laughing.
Many scenes are very dramatic and depressed.
The character of Gallo was so realistic that he was extremely disturbing.
Some scenes are supposed to be funny, but they actually seemed sad and real to life.
The film sometimes drags, not giving much equipment.
I would have liked to see Gallo's parents much more, and I would have liked to see the characters develop more.
Overall, Buffalo? 66 is not as good as some people are.
The essentials - some hysterical scenes save this downward ship from the bottom.