It's been three long years that Quentin Tarantino amaze the world of cinema by claiming the Palme d'Or of the Cannes Film Festival, a brute of $ 100 million at the box office and an Oscar appointment? Everything for his second outing, PulpFiction.
Since then, the talented filmmaker has been practically invisible, briefly surface as co-director of the four very unequal rooms and the screenwriter of the Gory Vampire-Fest, by Dusk Till Dawn.
Between the two, he has the moonlight as an actor with several resolutely unwavering performances.
Now, with a lot of fanfare and anticipation, Tarantino has returned with his third effort as director, Jackie Brown.
And, while this film, adapted from the novel by Elmore Leonard, Rum Punch, offers solid entertainment, those who expect another Bravura outing of Tarantino will leave the disappointed theaters.
For the most part, Jackie Brown is a fairly ordinary criminal film.
The story, which begins slowly, turns into a winding affair, with double crosses and triple crossings.
And the film is strewn with occasional Tarantino marks: full -minded dialogue, unexpected shots, pop tunes and close -ups of the bare feet of women.
However, for all this, production is somehow a disappointment.
Transparent exuberance, opposite, which marked the tank dogs and in particular pulp fiction is absent.
The mainly recent chronology of Jackie Brown does not correspond favorably to the non -linear style of the previous efforts of Tarantino? An approach that added tension and nervousness to stories.
And there are not as many delicious conversations this time.
There is a Samuel L.Jackson Monologue about Guns, a Jackson / Chris Tucker argument concerning the merits to hide in a car trunk, and a Jackson / Robert de Niro exchange which recalls some of the jackson / travolta materials of Pulp Fiction,But that is on this subject.
Lone "Innovation" by Jackie Brown is its presentation of a crucial sequence of three different perspectives.
It is not exactly an original technique? This has been done several times before, the most famous in the Rashomon of Akira Kurosawa and more recently in the courage of Edward Zwick under fire.
However, while in these two films (and others), there was a legitimate reason for the multiple points of view, Tarantino's only goal to use it seems to be because he is not conventional.
If the scenes in question had been shown in one of the three boasts, nothing would have been lost.
Consequently, this aspect of the film is hardly more than curiosity.
For the second consecutive photo, Tarantino tries to relaunch the career of an icon of the 1970s.
This time, instead of John Travolta, she is the Queen of Blaxploitation Pam Grier (Foxy Brown has become Jackie Brown).
In one of the many lead nursing homes with the most famous segment of the Graying career, Tarantino uses a song from the 70s to accompany his first appearance during the opening credits.
There are also several cases during Jackie Brown when the director offers a sneaky wink to certain conventions of the genus Blaxploitation (although Grier never kicks).
Grier is Jackie Brown, a on-board agent who is caught in the transport of drugs and money in the United States.
She works for the firearm dealer, Ordell Robbie (Samuel L. Jackson), but she keeps her mouth closed in interrogation, despite the pressure of Ray Nicolet (Michael Keaton), a federal official.
I no longer know if he can trust Jackie, Orderll organizes a deposit guarantee, Max Cherry (Robert Forster, "Banyon" of TV) to publish the necessary $ 10,000, then plans to shoot Jackie if sheproves unfair.
However, Jackie succeeds in the order test, and soon both plot a way to bring $ 500,000 from the money of the United States without informing the federals.
Soon, almost everyone is after this money, including Jackie, Max, Ray, Perpette d'Afficel A girlfriend, Melanie (Bridget Fonda), and his right arm, Louis (Robert de Niro).
Unsurprisingly, the most memorable performance is rendered by Samuel L.Jackson, but Orderll is not as invigorating or forcing a character as Jules of Pulp Fiction.
In addition to looking fantastic, Pam Grier is also quite good, although hers is not an Oscar caliber performance (although she can obtain a nomination).
Robert Forster and Michael Keaton are solid in their roles of Guys dur-guys-who smiles.
Bridget Fonda is there for three perceptible reasons: to look sexy in bikini, to provide a twisted little comedy and to satisfy the fetish of the foot of Tarantino.
Robert de Niro is criminally underused in a game that could have been played as well by any actor grungy and middle age.
The film, which goes several minutes in the two and a half hours, is probably too long for the equipment, but the plot is convoluted enough to make us guess throughout (although payment is a disappointment).
Tarantino continues to get things done, with a dose of more heavy and less violence than in pulp fiction, but, on the whole, this film looks more like the work of one of its aspirants than something of the director himself.
Regarding recent cape films (like Grifters and Bound), Jackie Brown is a second level effort.
It is an entertaining diversion, but not a masterpiece, and certainly not an Oscar candidate.