The latest film by Corey Yuen, "Hero" is notable on two fronts.
First of all, this is the film to bring back the Shaw Brothers studio to the foreground of film production.
Second, the film is the overhaul of Yuen Biao.
The film opens around the end of the Qin dynasty, when many immigrants were heading for Shanghai.
Poverty and crime govern most of China.
A young man, my Wing Jing and his brother enter the legendary city and become workers at the pier.
Tam See is the most powerful gangster in the city, having control of the city center and having an alliance with the British army.
Wing Jing and see friends in a confrontation.
Their friendship develops as the two men start to realize their dreams, Wing Jing is a powerful and rich man, and see to settle with a woman he can really love.
Wing Jing meets the club's singer (Jessica Hester) and falls in love with her, without realizing that she is the star attraction.
After stealing his photo in a display, Wing Jing and his brother plot to impress him.
They first fly two foreigners of their money and their cloth, and have set up a midnight meeting.
Unfortunately, Wing Jing ran unlike a rival gangster, Yeung Seung who welded the police in order to take control of the SEE night club.
The two waste is arrested and detained until it manages to escape just before dawn.
Jessica, having waited outside in the cold with her manager all night, abandons and returns home.
See decides to retire, he gives the night club to Wing Jing, as a repayment for saving his life during an attempted murder.
See organizes the profession and asks her lover (Valerie Chow) to take care of Wing Jing.
Unfortunately, she took the side of Yeung Seung.
The performance of the film is all of the first order, with beautiful takes of Takeshi Kanehiro like my Wing Jing and Jessica Hester and Valerie Chow.
The comic tour of Yuen Wah, previously known by the name of Vietnamese Fou in "Eastern Condors" by Samo Hung, is a wonderful surprise.
His gift for comedy is wonderfully discreet and hilarious.
The star is from Yuen Biao who returns to the screen after a series of disappointments, with a stellar performance.
His tam See is a patron of the triad who knows that his time is coming to an end but who always has cunning and crafts to maintain his pride.
His gangster is almost non-violent, in that he does not retaliate, never provokes violence.
But when the time of fighting, Yuen Biao has never been more beautiful.
Corey Yuen directed the film with maturity and a feeling of rhythm that is lacking in Hong Kong films lately.
The lighting, cinematography and staging of the film are magnificent to watch.
The action scenes do not disappoint either.
It is the most aggressive and inventive martial art choreography that I have seen for some time, actually going beyond Jackie Chan's work in "Rumble in the Bronx" and "First Strike".
The special effect team deserves praise for fantastic work to make the impossible possible.
An early fight between Takeshi Kaneiro and Yuen Biao at the back of a horse is to be believed.
It is also advisable to note the score of the film, made in a wonderfully lush orchestral style, not representative of most of the prices of Hong Kong.
I dare say that it ranks as high as scores for "Titanic" and "Rosewood" as the best of the year.
Overall, "Hero" marks a great return to the cinema for Shaw Brothers.
It is the film that makes us faith that Hong Kong's cinema is alive and flourishing.