This Christmas, Little Ralphie Parker (Peter Billingsley) wants nothing more than a red Ryder BB gun under the tree.
Although he was warned by many that he will do it? Shoot on his eye, ”Ralphie remains optimistic, evoking a detailed diagram to put himself on the bright side of his parents and teachers.
It is possible that no one has ever wanted anything with more passion than Ralphia wants this BB pistol, and the story of his eternal struggle is charming.
"A Christmas story" is a favorite among many during the holiday season, and my boy, it is certainly easy to see why.
The endless desire for ralphia for the BB gun can transport you to your childhood, when you wanted a certain gift for Christmas and anxiety was almost indescribable.
Eviving pleasant childhood memories is only many things that "a Christmas story" is doing so well.
Here are some features that make this film a small package so charming for everyone during the holiday season:
1) Detail of period.
This film is based on the memories of the humorist late Jean Shepard, who shares his experiences as a young boy living in the 1940s with affectionate details.
Shepard tells of a first -person point of view, disclosing his various adventures a snowy December, in which visions of vision with his new BB pistol have replaced that of Sugarplum dancing in his head.
Shepard's comment on several situations is not only downright hilarious, but also full of spirit and warm, with various metaphorical meanings that sound perfectly with the essence of comic timing.
In addition to that, the amazing reactions of Young Billingsley with each situation are absolutely perfectly unlike the narration.
The director Bob Clark captures the appearance of the time with a wonderful technicality.
I can hardly imagine a more precise representation of what was Christmas to be Christmas for the young ralphia.
2) Mom and dad.
Melinda Dillon (as mom) and Darren McGavin (like? The old man ') are perfect in their roles.
It is difficult to understand a more pleasant pair for the requirements of a story like this, each with at least a memorable line which instantly separates them from the wooden caricatures which could have been presented.
For example, he is a thipped turkey dog, and she forgives and understands when it comes to serious problems.
By depicting the writer as a persistent but sweet young boy, Peter Billingsley struck the agreement.
His performance is richly textured, which makes all the humorous situations which he stumbles in flavor and pleasure.
Which brings us to ....
3) Comic situations.
There are a lot of memorable moments in "a Christmas story".
Moments that will undoubtedly improve in comic power at each new vision, with much more to explore and cherish.
I am particularly partial of the? F-Word Scene ', in which Ralphia suggests the shocking obscenity of four letters while helping the old man in the courtyard.
Again, the Shepard method to manage this fun scenario is nothing less than comic magic.
The many sequences that remain in his mind understand, of course, the famous scene of Santa Claus - in which Billingsley has problems to tell Old Saint Nick what he wants under the tree.
I could continue, but I will finish on this note: "A Christmas story" is a star among vacation films, because it captures so much in a meager 90 minutes.
Not only is it funny, but it is often really hilarious .... without forgetting hot, soft and touching in all appropriate places.
I plan to make the “Christmas story” a Christmas tradition.
Why don't you do it?