Satirical films generally enter one of the two categories: 1) a long -term satire where everything, including jokes, is in a way linked to large scale (i. E.
 "Dr.
Strangelove "; 2) Sitre of situation in which comedy and themes are derived from time to time and scene by stage (i. E.
 "Men in black").
What is unique about "Wag the Dog" is that it does not necessarily correspond to one or the other of the descriptions, and yet is both at the same time.
The result is an intelligent comedy based on an original and intelligent premise, even if the accent tends to walk a little.
If there is something that affects the most Americans, it is politics and show business.
In this era of information and technology, we were so conditioned by the media and the entertainment industry in our ways of perceiving things, it happened to the point that we are practically controlled by it.
We need the media to bring us the most up -to -date news, but we also need Hollywood escape to counter all this thought.
This film begins well by quickly establishing these ideas, then presents an interesting scenario: if politics, media coverage of politics and the entertainment industry are so closely linked, someone could not with power and authorityto manipulate one of the aspects manipulate them all?
This is the idea that Conrad Brean (from Niro), a professional doctor from Washington Spin, offers to restore the right name of the president who was accused of sexual assault for children a few weeks before the elections.
Brean, as well as the president's best advisor, Winifred Ames (Héche), go to California to meet the producer of Hot-Shot films, Stanley Words (Hoffman).
They give him an idea of "producing" the image of a war with Albania (it is a country that no one has heard of for people to buy it).
Soon the wheels are in motion and the rifting satire of the film comes into play.
We are flooded with the Hollywood ensemble as words bring a certain number of experts to help manage the situation, such as a folk singer, technicians of visual and sound effects, and a modern style expert known under theName of Fad King (Leary).
The initial atmosphere is rich in many pop culture references where everything relates to something on television, in films or in short stories.
The dialogue of the characters is full of mind and funny, although some of the real jokes and gags seem rather sitcom.
For example, a scene shows that the production crew and Brean who films an actress representing a poor Albanian refugee.
Words ordered a kitten for the girl to wear, but rather ended with a dozen different dogs.
As everything is improved by computer anyway, she ends up lulling a bag of tostitos with the kitten to insert later.
This shows the film's ability to take a relatively ordinary situation and make it intelligent and funny just through the premise.
But there are the gags and the liners which, although are humorous, seem a little free in the long term, as words cannot remember the name of the actress, or, each time a problem emerges, answeringAlways: "It's nothing!"
As the film arrives in the middle, everything that will happen in terms of intrigue happens.
The first act is quickly punctuated, while the second act contains most of the jokes and is the heart of the film.
Every ten minutes about ten minutes, a new problem happens that words and Brean have to face, and it is always fascinating to see what they do and how they do it.
The scenario offers good characterization and actually deals with most of the front problems in a frank manner.
However, he tends to avoid things and move his concentration of the electoral campaign and the false war smoke screen to something a little out of the subject.
While the third act rolls around satirical nature is more concerned with situations and less over the overview.
What had started like a brilliant, s Whatever the harmless plot to deceive the general public begins to look more like something that would happen in a film.
However, the comedy of the situation is quite funny, in particular a montage showing the whole country throwing old shoes in trees to honor the SGT.
Willie Schumann - A War hero words and Brean Concoded.
Really Great Satire manages to create for an entertaining story that makes you laugh at the time, but think about it and "Wag the Dog" succeeds at least in this regard.
However, in retrospect, it seems that much more could have been done, namely by extending the execution time and by filling the plot holes.
Again, it's a valiant effort.