Hollywood is a pimp.
A fatty fatty and cigar smoker wearing a fur hat and 12 gold chains around his fatty and hairy chest.
All of his stars and starlets are a bad brood of oozing vampires looking for the next percentage of taking, the next summer blockbuster, the next casting sofa to audition.
Pumping adaptations of comics, terrible consequences of mediocre films and remakes of foreign films at the American Movie Mull theater equipped with thin walls and bad sound systems.
How long will the works of Peckinpah, Fassbinder, Fuller, Castle, Preminger and Lee be placed and forgotten in the bad sections of local success stores?
How many additional money and Weinstein films can we endure in this stinking state and decaying American cinema?
But now, from John "I do not give shit what you think of my films", comes the call of mermaid to all the filmmakers and frustrated aficionados: Cecil B.Dement, a distorted and twisted story of the distance between afilmmaker to create a personal vision of the internal and social revolution.
Stephen Dorff, in a determining career role, is Cecil B.dement, a crazy director devoted to the production of the most radical underground film.
With his cinematographic production cult, the gables - who wear tattoos from Peckinpah, Lee, Fuller, Castle, Anger, Fassbinder, Preminger on various parts of their body as a man, they kidnap a Hollywood film starlet, played withA perfect ridicule perfect perfect, by Melaine Griffith, and the strength to play the main role in the film of Demented.
Without budget and without a contract for the extras, denies and its crew descend into the street for the production of Raving Beauty, a coarse terrorist film on an angry owner of an independent theater and its brood to destroy the consumer cinema.
Using "Ultimate Reality" - with real bullets, real people and a real terror - denies and its crew of Miscits attack a theater of the shopping center, terrorize the Maryland film commission and crushes a film studio that runs a certainContinuation of a really boring film by Tom Hanks.
The lived crew members are mutilated and killed, popcorn machines are used for target practice, and no one can have sex until the film is finished.
It's like Bowfinger, only you know, well.
The film moves with zigs and zags like the magic of the assassination of Kennedy.
The zeal of the cause of dementia grabs quickly and transmits the urgent message to "do something, anything, for the fulfillment of artistic motivations".
The crew members all contain the common oddity in the previous films of water - flamingos, fireplace, polyester, pecker - and speak in the hectic and jaded dialogue used frequently by water.
It is as if Water's scenario moved unnecessary dialogue common to most pretentious independent films and simply delivers the goods.
Cecil takes such a distorted ways of expression that it seems that it could actually be outdated.
You can see how a big studio could take this film, reissue it, conclude an agreement with the remaining crew members who are still alive, and do some suites, the Blair Witch Project.
But it is for the future.
Overall, the ride is fantastic; it is one of the best Water films to date and this year's Fight Club for filmmakers.
Director / writer: John Waters with: Stephen Dorff, Melaine Griffith, Alicia Witt, Adrian Grenier, Larry Gilliard Jr., Mink Stole, Ricki Lake, Kevin Nealon Producers: John Fielder, Mark Tarlov, Anthony Delorenzo, Joe Caraccio Jr.