How inseparable SGT is the SGT team.
Martin Riggs (Mel Gibson) and the SGT.
Roger Murtaugh (Danny Glover)?
Let's just say that when a partner asks the other partner to undress to his short boxer, then asks him to run out in the middle of the road, beating his arms while cating like a chicken just to create a distraction, hisPartner makes that!
The familiar family of lethal weapons is back, including René Russo, who is now the pregnant mother of the child of Riggs and Joe Pesci as a former accountant of soprana and gross who decided to become a private eye.
Chris Rock is also new in the team, also a quick trigger detective.
The troubles seem to follow the two veterans detectives where they go, and in this film, that is no exception.
Even when they just walk by boat, they somehow manage to collide with a cargo ship.
Here we are disturbing music, which tells us that a confrontation is about to occur.
Shots follow, and when everything is over, detectives want to know more about this cargo by questioning a lord of Chinatown crime.
Although they do not know what they are looking for, their curiosity leads the villains to take measures.
And there is a lot of action here for two films.
Directed by the feeling of Jet Li combat, whose skill in martial arts is nothing less than impressive, it does what it can to make sure that no one discovers what they are doing.
Li is ruthless in his approach, kill anyone just to make a point and develop a huge disdain for the two detectives.
There are great car prosecution, explosions and a shot in Gogo.
It is a summer action recipe followed by the letter, and the result is nothing less than the pleasure of pure and pure summer.
But even too many explosions can become boring.
To counter this, we are entitled to several incredibly choreographed combat sequences with Jet Li.
Fortunately, he prefers to fight in melee instead of shooting firearms.
Meanwhile, when detectives do not recharge their weapons or do not run fireballs, they are engaged in sophomoric jokes and silly conversations that offer a nice diversion of the hail of the balls.
Everyone arrives on the shtick.
Russo shouts during his delivery, the Lord of the crime has a few funny pieces when questioned while giving him gas laughing, and Pesci and Rock are very funny while they leave there by discussing the drawbacks of havingcell phones.
Gibson and Glover are always synchronized and the film moves at a quick pace to get to the final and formidable mano.
mark one for the old guard.