Imagine that.
We give you a very basic sword and minimum training.
A man you don't know tells you that it will be the last day you will live.
You are thrown into an arena with thousands of spectators who want you to die.
You frantically monitor several closed doors which, in a few seconds, will release vicious enemies ready to destroy you.
You look at the innocent friends that you have been made in recent days have been murdered in coolness.
If you are lucky to survive this chaos thrown on it, you know you will have to start again tomorrow.
Finally, know how strong or qualified you are, you are going to die.
It is the life of a gladiator.
You will never have to be a gladiator and after seeing the powerful gladiator of Ridley Scott, you will be grateful.
With his new film, Scott has returned cinema to the fascinating age of the former Roman Empire.
And as those who preceded it, Spartacus and Ben Hur, Gladiator has almost everything that is happening - a strong main actor, a wonderful support distribution, catchy special effects and a large script.
Since the two aforementioned films were released before the first -rate targeted visitors of Gladiator (thirty -year -old adolescents) are there, a whole new genre can simply be reborn and revisited.
> According to a weak start, the film begins extremely dark and not very conducive.
The best general in Rome Maximus (Russell Crowe), who helped the Empire to conquer almost everywhere where they tried, is currently (in 180 a. D
Scott draws the bloody battle in an awkward style, similar to that of saving the private Ryan but much less effective.
It is blurred, slowed down, and the sound is in disinterest.
As soon as this artistic method started, it was difficult to say what and who was who.
This is a good thing that Scott stops after the first twenty minutes, otherwise Gladiator would have been torture to look at.
Instead, the general swears that he will come out after this battle.
He wants to go back to his family and harvests, he wants a quiet life.
But, unexpectedly, he gets everything except that.
The dying emperor of Rome, Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), decides that Maximus appointed the new emperor of Rome once he dies.
He asks Maximus to restore the Republic by giving more power to the senators.
All this is not going well for Aurelius' son, Comodus (Joaquin Phoenix) who expected his father to name him the new emperor.
Jealous and upset, Commodus kills his own father, names the emperor, kills the woman and the son of Maximus and tries to kill Maximus.
But Maximus is able to escape his own death and promises to kill Commodus and make the wishes of Marcus Aurelius.
Now, a slave, the only way he can gain his own freedom and reach his goal is to become a winning gladiator, who is ultimately released for their success.
A story of betrayal and promises, Gladiator is more than a simple insane action film.
You really worry about characters, sometimes even the bad commodus, who is just a young man as determined to make Rome in a way because Maximus is determined to do it in the other direction.
Phoenix brilliantly plays his character.
Consider the merchant as the Percy Wetmore (from Pant-Wetter Le Mile Vert) of the Roman Empire-a Kilnichard kid, lambThe center of attention is.
Each scene we see Commodus, it cries either it seems to cry.
Phoenix has definitely matured as an actor since his death, and Gladiator shows that he is more than River's little brother.
Crowe is also excellent as a macabre hero of the film.
Maximus is one of the few characters in recent cinema who really has emotions.
This guy actually acts like anyone in his situation would act, it is not an invincible superhero who only drops the lining, he ( Believe it or not) acts like a human being!
The rest of the distribution, including Richard Harris, Djimon Hounsou, Walter Hill, Derek Jacobi and Connie Nielsen, are also of first rate.
Ridley Scott, using exceptional special effects, brilliantly recreated the Roman Colosseum, the volume of the Roman crowd and the city of Rome in general.
The visuals are breathtaking and bulky, like a Cleopatra of the year 2000.
The costume is also wonderful of detailed shields and armor with the exquisite dress of politicians in the upper class.
Gladiator is another film that you need to see on the big screen to get the most out of the experience.
With U-571, action fans should have a lot to do in theaters this week and should expect much more excitement coming this summer 2000.