Leonardo Decaprio (What's Eating Gilbert Grape) and Claire Danes (TV is My Soved Life) in the modernized version of director Baz Luhrmann of the classic of William Shakespeare, Romeo & Juliet.
Surrounded by a superb support casting, in conclusion of Paul Sorvino (Goodfellas), Brian Dennehy (Tommy Boy), Pete Poslethwaite (the usual above all) and John Leguizamo (executive decision), Decaprio and Danes shine everythingthroughout the film.
The story begins in a gas station, where the "Montague Boys" meet the "Capulet Boys" and are characterized with each other.
Symbolizing the swords of Shakespeare's day were their weapons, like the "Rapier-9 mm" or the "Long Hunting Rifle".
Instead of killing themselves right away, they shoot around, just like in the former sword battles.
Another great thing about the film was the performance of Harold Perrineau as Romeo's best friend.
Mercutio, who in Shakespeare's novel was completely a stallion, was described as an Afri-Can-American crossing whose violent NA, was a final advantage.
Miriam Margoyles, a practically unknown actress, was amazing as a Juliette's infirmer, even if she never received a name.
She was the only one who could keep Juliette out of her fantastic world.
Verona was the house of rival families of the Shakespeare version, only slightly changed at Luhrmann.
Now known as Verona Beach, the Capulet (directed by Sorvino) and Montague (led by Dennehy) are now rival company dynasties.
And their little family skirmishes were now huge gang wars.
A slight problem with the film was the difficulty of understanding the dialogue, because it was spoken in the old English.
The subtitles could have helped at the start of the film, but in the end, it became easier to understand.
This excellent film poses another problem: what kind is it?
Romeo and Juliet contains so much drama, but enough comedy and action to be placed in one or the other of these categories.
With the same award-winning formula that was used by Quentin Tarantino in Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, Romeo and Juliet are a safe modern masterpiece.
 ,,