Life is beautiful is a rare treat: a light comedy that addresses a very serious subject without committing sins to be disrespectful, or, worse still, without humor.
He combines a charming romance with a hint of farce, arouses a little drove and ends up with a very pleasant film.
It is an Italian film, but don't let that discourage you.
Subtitle-Phobes will miss a wonderful experience.
Life is beautiful opens like a sweet romantic comedy, with the clowish, but Good Natured Guido (Roberto Benigni) arriving in a rustic Italian city to work as a server for his uncle.
The year is 1939, and Guido literally stumbles in the daughter of her dreams, Dora (Nicoletta Braschi).
Their romance seems to be perfect, with a single stumble: she is already engaged to another man.
Can Guido overcome the chances and win his daughter?
what do you think ?
However, five years later, things took a turn for the worst in Italy.
The fascists have intensified their racing initiatives, which is bad news for the Jewish Guido and his new son Giosue (Giorgio Cantarini), who are gathered and shipped in a concentration camp.
Unable to protect his boy in another way, Guido tries to protect his young son from the horrors of the labor camp.
He claims that all is a whole game developed, with points allocated for tasks such as hiding, being courageous and being very calm.
As you can see from the description, life is beautiful with two very different tones, but manages to excel both.
As a romantic comedy, it's sweet and funny.
As a sweetness-bitterness of hope in the midst of despair, she is touching.
The work of Roberto Benigni here has been compared to some of the best in Chaplin, and it is easy to understand why.
He is able to manage the range of comic expression, from stuffing slapstick, with a warm sensation that celebrates the spirit "Triumph of the underdog" of his oppressed hero.
Life is beautiful a fine line when she turns her attentions to the holocaust.
However, he is able to successfully navigate in the mines field, without degrading the gravity of the horrors involved, nor without losing its humorous edge which allows you to smile through tears.
With life is magnificent, Benigni has created a triumphant but sweet-bitter comedy.
It is simply one of the most pleasant moments I had in the cinema this year.