As much as I wanted to love this film when I entered it, the more happy I was when I left.
First of all, cross all the usual lines of newspaper glitter: "If you liked Scream, you will love wild things!"
 "Campbell gives a superb performance!"
 "This sincere intrigue will make you dazzle for days!"
 (Oh yes, the day a newspaper uses them is the day when Neve Campbell falls in love with me)
Now on more serious stuff (and with this film, I mean that in an almost sarcastic way).
Wild Things alone has broken down the rules surrounding the N note of the MPAA.
I'm not saying that in the wrong direction, but when you see this film, you can be shocked by what you see.
However, perhaps the MPAA was satisfied with the charming distribution and the delicate intrigue of the film, that they let the film slide with a note R.
Being Mormon, I am necessarily heard a tumult of religious fanatics warned me not to see the film.
The problem is that I have already seen it.
and I like it !
Wild Things is a black film from the 90s, filled with sensitivities from the 1940s, while breaking the modern rules and taboos of the 90s culture.
The style in which it is filmed is rich in color.
The actors are all magnificent people, apparently taken from the same genetic pool and placed in this film.
Of course, it's too good to be true, but isn't it fun to watch?
When films like this arrive (a kind of better version of Basic Instinct), there are necessarily people who love it or hate it.
There will be people who do not want to admit to love what they see, but I tell you, most people who see it will love him.
Wild things start to Blue Bay High School, the Lycée du Monde in which all adolescent would like to enter.
It is almost as if the students had gone through entry exams just for admission (totally based on looks alone).
Of course, there are these few which can be slightly ugly, but compared to the average person, they are magnificent.
Immediately, the film finds its tone and the public sets in for a pleasant period.
We can deactivate our brain, right?
fake .
Although you expected that a thing happens, it certainly does not reveal this way.
The film begins in a classroom, with almost all the main characters present.
There is Sam Lombardo (Matt Dillon), advisor for students.
He directs the discussion in class.
There is also Kelly Van Ryan (Denise Richards), a teenager Rich Snob who fell in love with Sam.
Class teaching is however two police officers: Ray Duquette (Kevin Bacon) and Gloria Perez (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who want to speak of "sex" ...
 (Bravo) Crimes (hoots) ”.
 "What is a sexual crime?"
Ray asks.
 "Do not get it!"
A student responds.
This gives roughly the tone of the film we are going to watch.
However, on hearing this, a student, Suzie Toller (Neve Campbell), rises and leaves the room, commenting that they can both kiss part of his body.
And so wild things get in motion.
Quickly, Kelly begins to strike Sam, but Sam does not want to have anything to do with his advances.
Kelly is stubborn and continues to continue him.
She even begs him to let her wash her jeep.
Surprisingly, that's really all I can tell you about the plot.
The more would give one of the many crucial twists and turns.
And moreover, these twists are actually unpredictable.
By going through the Cri path, Wild Things maintains the surprises of this film, then adds even more.
There are more twists and turns in this film than probably everything I have ever seen.
And even if you think you might have enough, the surprises are so authentic that it is rather pleasant.
Returning to them in my mind, almost all work, although some extend to the limits of belief.
Fortunately, the convoluted plot does not give us much time to think of each, leaping yet another torsion before the shock From the previous one dissipated.
As for the criticisms that complain that the film is trash - well, it is.
This is about a single trash film.
However, this is the kind of trash that is not difficult to look at.
It is good garbage, in a sense.
First, the scenario knows that it should not be taken seriously, and it understands a lot of humor and satire in history.
This varies everywhere from Kelly's mother (Theresa Russell), who is more a caricature of the rich, to a lawyer who hunted the ambulance (Bill Murray), who wears a bedbacle to cover an insurance scamthat he directs.
Bill Murray also provides the best character in the film and most authentic laughs.
And two, sex is more than free, but not not accused.
Wild Things is supposed to have sex (what film with this title would not?), And this film breaks the limits.
Instead of having heterosexual sex scenes, it also includes lesbian scenes between Denise Richards and Neve Campbell (don't worry ... ..
It is not as graphic as you think).
The heterosexual scenes are quite graphic, but the surprise shock is the frontal scene of Kevin Bacon.
It's very brief, so if you click your eyes, you can miss it (AHEM).
And, as long as I remember, I do not think I saw a classified film r in erection before (it is not completely, but to judge by the reaction of the public, it was more than what they are'also expected).
In addition, during a scene at the end of the film, there seemed to be a relationship preparing between the characters of Bacon and Dillon, but nothing came to ask yourself if the director had to cut him for the sideR, or if the actors refused to do so).
What first made me want to see wild things is his casting.
Neve Campbell, of course, was one of my favorite actresses since the release of Scream films.
Here, however, she turns all the typical role that she played on her head and plays a Gothic Pothe.
The closest role was her performance in the profession (even if she was a nice girl).
Campbell is probably the best in the film and shows its wide range of talents.
You can say that she will have been there for a long time.
Denise Richards will also have been there for a long time, although she can be limited to roles without much scope.
Here, she can express more emotions than in her steep (but effective) performance in Starship soldiers.
I hope that one day she will win a very good role that can display her capacities.
And then there is Daphne Rubin-Vega, a newcomer to the cinema.
She gives a very good performance, although her character is mainly left in the background for the first hour and a half.
Towards the end, it obtains a larger part.
On the male side, Matt Dillon is probably the best, giving a subtle performance that surprises each twist.
Kevin Bacon has a slightly wooden character, but he benefits.
You must have admiration, however, for what he has done on the screen.
And to judge by many reactions of women in the theater at this plan, they grew up more deeply for Bacon (yes, right).
And then there is Bill Murray.
His performance is comic relief, and he almost steals the film.
Overall, the whole distribution works wonderfully together, and they seem to them, even when they manage a troi.
Director John Mcnaughton, who previously made the Henry: portrait of a serial killer acclaimed by criticism, built a wonderfully winding intrigue that works.
Its direction is smooth and elegant.
The visuals are striking, filled with rich colors, and almost so realistic that we can really breathe humidity in the air.
However, it seems more comfortable when the actors do not speak.
His steering wheel steering wheel of swampy areas are brilliant, and her photograph to get out of the Denise Richards swimming pool is a highlight.
Cinematography is magnificent in its details S.CE is not often that you see a film like this, and we have to watch it just to see how the camera can take pictures.
Then there is music.
It was probably the most obvious thing for me, because it put the perfect mood for the film.
It's hard to describe with words, so see the film and listen to it.
It is wonderfully composed and presented.
And make sure you stay during closing credits!
Mcnaughton finally put the end of the end of end (while most comedies use it for outings).
He included a few small scenes that help explain previous events.
Some may say that these are lame attempts to explain the convoluted intrigue, but it is an entertaining way to finish the film.
In addition, there are shocking moments in these end credits that add to pleasure.
Wild Things is correctly assessed R for strong sexuality, nudity, language and violence.
Again, nudity is rather useless, but let's face it - people want to see it.
So why not give it to them?
Neve Campbell, admirably, has a clause of non-nudity in her contract, and the most you see from her is from behind as she takes off her summit (path to go, neve!).
The sex scenes are graphic, especially the first we see, between the mother and one of her bridge hands.
One almost wonders how they fled with note R.
The language is also quite severe, ranging from sexual innuendo to your average and daily blasphemy.
And I cannot emphasize it enough: do not allow children under the age of 18 to see this film.
The target age of the film is the 18-24 range, and that should see it.
It is certainly not for those under 18!
I mentioned that this film is classified as, for those who are lucky to watch it, you will probably be more likely satisfied and will even be able to take friends to see it next time.