(Warning to those who have not seen seven: this review contains spoiler information.)
Seven is a powerful film and entirely made at the level of the silence of the lambs.
It is a disturbing film that achieves its greatest objectives - it occupies the spirit of viewers long after the end of closing credits.
Although this film is not for the delicates, it is undeniable that seven attention requires, because it is a film that transcends its genre in style and substance.
To start, to classify seven as a "thriller" would not be a completely complete classification of this film.
Although I was really delighted throughout, I prefer to call Seven an "intense drama", because that's what he delivers - scenes with a tireless one that does not let go easily.
Part of the accomplishment of director David Finhers is fashionable.
It seems to have a talent to know exactly how the average person fears something "simple" like a corpse.
And visually, Fincher shows us the remains of victims of murder in too realistic and graphic terms (graciousness of the ever larger special effects of Rob Bottin).
Add the appropriate effects but not to be underestimated by lighting and a premonition score and the result is a technical masterpiece of the murder scene.
These only scenes are quite impressive; as fascinating as they are painful.
However, seven is more than a simple technical achievement.
In addition to the style, Fincher provides a substance.
Seven has convincing characters that he wants us to know and that we understand, and finish attaching them all together in a completely pessimistic vision of society.
Detective William Somerset (Morgan Freeman) is a man who has almost abandoned the world.
It's easy to see why.
The world does not make sense.
 (Somerset brings this point to the house with a rather horrible story of a flight victim who was attacked to a few pâtés from the police district.
After overthrowing and deprived his wallet, the attacker stabbed the helpless man in both eyes.)
Why should Somerset believe that by following this murder investigation and "picking up the pieces", he can catch the killer?
The new partner of the Somersets, David Mills (Brad Pitt) has not abandoned the world, perhaps because he is still young (and perhaps by having this optimism, he is naive in this film representingworld).
He does not agree with the abandonment of the Hope of the Somerset.
However, David's wife (Gwyneth Paltrow) has so much fear of her urban environment, she is not even sure if she wants * to talk * about her husband about her recent pregnancy, not to mention it until birthAnd try to raise it in a messenger.
These three characters are all interpreted with skills and authenticity that make them feel like real people and not the typical Hollywood characters that a lower film could have offered.
And in addition to clarifying how each of these characters sees the world, Fincher supports us * why * they feel what they are doing.
But if there is a character who highlights the message that Seven tries to transmit, it must be the killer, John Doe (Kevin Spacey).
Seven's gain lies in his ability to allow us to see how the killer considers the world and what pushes him to do what he does.
An important thing to remember about Doe is how easy it is to reject it as a "psycho", without reason behind his killers.
This is exactly the error that Mills makes.
In extremely intense and superbly interpreted fence scenes, have been authorized to see that DOE is, in his mind, a product of society.
He is a killer who kills those who drop society.
In his mind, he did not kill "innocent" people and, perhaps, they were not completely innocent (but, again, who is?).
He absolutely furious that Mulls thinks that the victims of the murder were innocent.
Really, seven is not content to comment on the superficial evidence of the way in which the vision-u P John Doe is.
Seven makes greater statements on how society is screwed up, suggesting that the degradation of society is simply conducive to creating more John.
In addition to the stylistic and more important arguments to see this film, I recommend seven because it is, after all, also a very smooth and well done thriller.
He offers exciting plot developments, commanding performances, a lot of suspense and a conclusion that is frightening, fascinating and quite unfair.
But then again, it's a cruel world.