For me, Nicolas Cage seems to be an ideal choice for the main role in a film by Martin Scorsese.
Despite the diatribes that Sean Penn expressed so roughly, the actor remains a gifted and versatile screen presence.
Since the great success of the "Face / Off" action thriller in 1997, the Hollywood route has been difficult for Mr. Cage.
The assassination thriller perpetually horrible "Snake Eyes" was one of the worst films of 1998.
`` 8 mm '' was a disappointing lost cause.
But who better than Scorsese to correspond to the spirit and the intensity of cage, which he does miraculously with "bring out the dead".
Cage offers one of his best performances as Frank Pierce, an emergency ambulancer from New York which takes place on up -to -date day smoke.
After five years of work inducing stress, Frank is satisfied with the arrow, relying on high doses of caffeine and alcohol until the end of his quarter of work.
He also begins to see the ghosts of the former patients who died in her care, namely a young girl named Rose, who looks at him with pale features on every corner of New York.
Frank desperately wants to be dismissed, but his boss needs him to travel the city and help those who need it ("I'm going to liven you tomorrow ..." he promises).
Frank is accompanied by a new face every night in the ambulance.
The first is Larry (John Goodman), who always has food on the brain.
The second is Marcus (twenty rhames), a deeply religious black man who incorporates the power of Jesus into a regular rescue operation.
And finally, Tom (Tom Sizemore) is a disturbed sociopath eager for blood.
I found it unique how Scorsese used each of these characters for a single change with Frank, but they never appeared in the real intrigue.
Everyone is only a colorful presence to help develop the character of Frank, because "bringing out the dead" is mainly a study of his mind and his detailed personality.
The only character alongside Frank who really enters the game is Mary (Patricia Arquette), the daughter of a newly admitted patient who suffered from a serious heart attack.
Arquette, who recently received the injuries of Christ in "stigma", behaves well around her husband Cage.
It is regrettable that after trials and tribulations of such intriguing character, the relationship between Frank and Mary slips during a poorly managed and ineffective final.
The film belongs to the punch of Cage and Scorse, which were born to collaborate their efforts in an arrangement similar to "bring out the dead".
Although it certainly lacks the grain and the hard edge of something like "Goodfellas", Scorsese manages to strike a nerve with his last image.
The incredible camera work and photography represent superb shine flashes in an otherwise not very spectacular conglomeration.
Fans will be delighted to note that the director returned to his abrasive and dark humorous roots after a departure with a "Kundun" in 1997.
Does "bring out the deaths" rivals the most beautiful work in scorsese?
Only occasionally.
Part of the film seems surprisingly lame, but there is enough energy in its interesting material and its breathtaking visual appearance to suffice.
Those who wait for a greyly, the product can be somewhat discouraged when approaching fairly straight - but it is always a solid and admirable effort.
`` TRAMONHING THE DEAD '' was written by the famous Paul Schrader, who collaborated with Scorsese on classics such as "Taxi Driver" and "Bull RAGING".
Schrader's script is full of moments - wonderful and strongly defined moments - which are sorted throughout the rest of its winding scenario.
The exceptional aspects of the film are its amazing technical credits and incredible distribution.
Goodman and Sizemore are both electric (well, mainly size), but it is the twenty phenomenal rhames that deserves a second look.
Look at the actor's deeply inspired dedication when he resuscitates a member of the Gothic group, and you understand ND Why he won a Golden Globe.
"Bring out the dead" is raw and electrifying fairly often to hide your faults.
Scorsese - and cage, moreover - have done better, but their intentions are certainly admirable.