Some of my friends who went to live in the United States complain of one thing - this country is very different from that represented in Hollywood films.
This is particularly true for those who find themselves somewhere in this unexplored land between Los Angeles and New York where they find, to their surprise, that the majority of people vote republican, go to church every Sunday and generally tolerateNot the liberal attitudes which are taken for granted in an average American film.
Such raw awakening, however, can occur in another direction - the conservatives are sometimes forced to discover unpleasant truths about the world in which they live.
Something like this happens to Jake Van Dorn (George C. Scott), successful successful businessman who shares strong Calvinist convictions with the rest of his community.
One day, his daughter Kristen (Ilah Davis) disappears from the Convention of Young Calvinists in California.
Van Dorn is worried because he does not believe that his daughter runs from her house.
However, the truth delivered by private investigator Andy Mast (Peter Boyle) is even more difficult - Kristen is spotted in a cheap pornographic film.
Van Dorn Furious is not satisfied with the way in which the mast investigation takes place, so he goes to Los Angeles to search for Kristen himself.
Unfortunately, it lacks experience and the quest, which brought it to the total depths of the sexual world, is unsuccessful.
Things change when he conceives the cunning plan and, while doing it, stumbles on the sympathetic prostitute and the part -time porn actress Nicky (Hubley season).
Almost two decades after its release, Hardcore is mainly forgotten by criticisms and cinema specialists.
It is a real shame, because very few films in Hollywood today would dare to tackle controversial problems that the writer and director Paul Schrader explored in his second attempt as director.
In the late 1970s, it was a totally different situation - films had to have serious and serious themes for the mature public.
For Schrader, this film was a great opportunity to expand the sub -intry of his previous work, Taxi Driver - the one who deals with the great generational division which tormented American society in the 1970s.
On the one hand, we have an old America that sticks to the Puritan ideals of hard work and strict morality which has made this country large.
But that America is obviously unable to deal with the new challenges subject to social turmoil in the 1960s and, instead of them, prefers to live in rural and conservative cocoons.
New America, on the other hand, does not get better - from the ideals of the so -called "sexual revolution", like all the other "revolutions" of the 60s, degraded in exploitation and depravity.
Instead of being "released", baby boomers are stuck with their own inability to deal with newly discovered freedoms.
Schrader brings very intelligently the idea that these two Americas, in fact, are not so far - a fine example is a brilliant scene in which Van Dorn, already described as an authoritarian and paternalistic capitalist, meets the shady porn producer; thisLast also turns out to be authoritarian, paternalistic and very devoted to this work.
The difference between the two is simply in the work line.
Many contemporary criticisms have in fact accused Schrader of promoting the conservative agenda.
On the surface, it can look like this way - the public is forced to sympathize with Van Dorn and his quest.
In the first scenes, he is described as a nice family man who does not deserve to live the worst nightmare of parents.
The scene of porn cinema which reveals the fate of Kristen is extremely cruel; pain and humiliation, brought by the Oscar -winning actor George C.Scott, is of such intensity, that the public feels sorry for him and must simply support hisdiary.
Van Dorn is perhaps defective and the subtle clues lead to the inexpensive truth at the end; but viewers simply know that its cause is right, and that pro Digal's daughter must be better with her loving father than with the ladle pornographers who only want the exploitation of her body.
On the other hand, Schrader, who grew up in an environment very like Van Dorn (his own parents would not allow him to watch films before the age of 18), knows better and tries to bring another side ofthe room.
Even people linked to Sex Underworld can show buy -back qualities - like Nicky, who actually tries to improve her life, and a shady detective that develops something like an end.
Unfortunately, Schrader fails to erase the impact of the shocking scene at the start, and his attempt to reconcile the opposing sides of America seems lost in a little cliché? D finale.
The script is slightly imperfect and Schrader as a director does not show too much originality - his style seems too influenced by the techniques that Scorsese used in Taxi Driver.
Besides the big rapid scenes, these two films are even alike.
But the content can be more than interesting for today's spectator, in particular those inspired by the current revival of the 70s.
Until Boogie Nights, no Hollywood general film has never dared to explore the phenomenon of pornography in the 1970s.
Hardcore, on the other hand, could serve as a precious document, because it depicts the industry of the sexual film in the period often considered as the golden age by connoisseurs - before the advent of the video, when many porn filmmakers couldallow yourself to consider yourself as a stanist.
The vision of such age and industry is however very inexpensive, but for the film whose main character takes the time to explain Calvinist doctrines to the public, this should not be too surprising.
Anyway, despite some faults, hardcore remains very interesting and powerful.