Let's face it: the smash of more than $ 100 million which was "Goldneye" was in no way a good film, and as a bond film was only marginally better than, let's say, "at View to ATill "or one or the other of the Timothy Daltonphotos, by virtue of a beautiful rhythm.
But he rekindled the series and granted producers to new directions in which IT (that is,.
The new "M" is a woman).
 "Tomorrow Never Dies" is the image "Goldeneye" should have been; it is also the most entertaining connection outing since "The Spy Who Aming loves me".
The new image opens on China, considering war with Great Britain after a standard military operation is misinterpreted as a hostile threat from an English submarine.
As an attack occurs, the first -page title is already being prepared, graceful of Carver Media.
Carver (Pryce) The man is a deceived magnate, a kind of Ted Turner hybrid, Bill Gates and the German scientist of Peter Sellars of "Dr.
Strangelove "(physically, Pry even remembers Sellars at the time of Kubrick).
It is up to James Bond to drop it, with the help, of course, from a richness of gadgets (including a versatile mobile phone) and beautiful women.
Enter Michelle Yeoh, fresh out of "supercop", as a secret Chinese agent with her own agenda; with effortless grace, she cat burgles, plans the bad guys apparently with the ease of preparing pasta and refuses the progress of ourPhilander hero.
They make a big team.
 "Tomorrow Never Dies" is a surprisingly entertaining and effective film, since the bar is none other than the director of "Turner & Hooch".
Spottiswoode has designed breathtaking sets, each much more complex and impressive than, for example, the reservoir scene in "Goldeneye".
In addition, Brosnan finally settled in the role that some people think that he was born to play; the last time, the fate of the franchise rested on his shoulders, and there was notable discomfort in his body language.
Returned in Brosnan's eyes has a part of the playful that he has demonstrated for so many years on "Remington Steele" on television, as well as his impassive mind.
And although Carver's motivations are muddy (when Carver explains that "genius is madness with some success", the proud screenwriter takes a lazy shortcut), Pryce makes a pleasant and memorable villain.
In the future, they should pursue such talented and experienced actors like Pryce to breathe life into these cardboard figures.
There, there are far too many explosions in "Tomorrow Never Dies", perhaps as long as they are qualified as dialogue.
And he could have used a clearer script, although I was amused by the double endors, which I will not reveal here.
In the current state of things, the intrigue undergoes many holes (I do not take on invaudes), and the dialogue tends towards the packneyed.
Now that the elements are in place: modern special effects and cascade work, cool Pierce Brosnan, Kickass female allies ...
It's time to use them in something really special.
There is no difficulty in being mistaken, however, that "Tomorrow Never Dies" is an ideal vacation escape, and for the first time in perhaps years, you will be released by wanting more connection films.
-Merdered on December 17, 1997