In 1998, DreamWorks unveiled his first computer animated film "Antz".
The film was acclaimed by criticism and continued to grow nearly $ 100 million at the national box office.
In 1998, they released their traditional animated film "The Prince of Egypt" and he appointed an instant classic, and also became a huge success.
During a sequence of victories, they released "The Road to El Dorado" and it was not as tall as they hoped, but they always did well, then they had the fantastic "run" run "in summer.
Now in 2001, DreamWorks released what I can call safely, one of the five best animated films.
Shrek (Mike Myers) talks about a green and green ogre that lives in the woods of Duloc by itself.
Surrounded by fairy tale characters, he hopes he would escape everyone.
The sovereign of Duloc is the short and heartless Farquaad (John Lithgow), which offers a reward to all the creatures of fairy tales, if they are captured and arrested.
Of course, many owners make them for gold and silver, but one of these creatures is Donkey (Eddie Murphy).
An ordinary donkey, except that he speaks and has a final attitude, after his owner tried to deny him, he escapes in the woods and collides with Shrek.
Lord Farquaad, however, has different plans and makes all the creatures of fairy tales in the woods near the house of Shrek.
To recover his property, and his life, Shrek must save Princess Fiona (Cameron Diaz) so that Lord Farquaad can be a king.
Shrek wants his property to come back, but he never thought he would fall in love with Princess Fiona.
 "Shrek" is such an incredible film that while watching it, you can't help but smile all the time and ask yourself why this other production company cannot make movies like that.
The animated graphics are so large that they seem to be realists.
I saw glimpses of this film last year, and I said to myself wow, what a great movie will be.
I must say that I was not disappointed at all, and the film is the best of 2001 so far and that I will be on my Best of 2001 list at the end of the year.
The talents of voice are also brilliant, with the comic genius Mike Myers.
In the past, he was a Wayne, a Austin and a person married to an ax murderer.
Now he's Shrek, not only does he make vocal talent ... But he's Shrek.
With his Irish accent and adorable personality, Shrek becomes a friend of the public and warms your heart.
Eddie Murphy who showed his vocal talent in the 1998 "Mulan" does another work here, and he is the comic relief of the film.
The tones of his voice, the lines he pronounces and the jokes he gives, he even surpasses the comic genius of Robin Williams in "Aladdin".
The always beautiful Cameron Diaz gives the voice of Princess Fiona and she also does an excellent job.
She is very funny and her character suits her to a safe t -good, the best support voice is John Lithgow, who is personally one of my favorite actors.
As a villain Lord Farquaad, does an excellent job by being both sinister and funny at the same time.
Sometimes I was so surprised by computer graphics that you can't help but start looking at backgrounds.
There are a lot of jokes hidden in the film, and even reflections of light on the screen like a camera.
 "Shrek" is a definitive child's film, but not just a children's film because it is a film for the whole family.
There are a lot of adult jokes in the film that children do not get, but parents will laugh.
Believe me, however, everyone laughs throughout the way.
In the end, "Shrek" gives a very important message to his audience to appreciate and be who you are.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, even if it can be inside.
There are not many words that can rent "Shrek" enough, but my words for you is to stop what you are doing and see this film now.