Land: a bunch of bad guys disguised as Elvis imitators fly a Casino de Vegas during a Presley agreement.
The boys eventually come together to divide the money, but as the plans change, the double crosses occur, the offer and the wheel decreases and the crew has settled for the road.
Who is at the top, who is the real villain and who will go to Bang Courtney Cox are only some of the questions to which the rest of this film will be answered.
Critality: the funniest film I have seen so far this year!
He has style, he's hard to talk about shit and he has a lot of bullets to do.
An adventure of Burnin 'Hunk-A-Hunk-A!
The film of a guy's guy, who will put your jollies up if you dig the rough stuff.
It is not very original, it lasts a little too long, but Costner and Russell do it, as two fans of shit Elvis, who do not stop until they no longer or less.
This film has fairly intensive shooting scenes, one of the coolest flight scenarios that I have ever witnessed, featuring several Elvings with a blazin firearms and the king's music playing in the background, and decent help of double crosses, net dialogue and funny moments.
In fact, even if the casting is filled with many actors of name (B-Actors as they could be for the most part), most of them do their part and succeed in passing the torch to the next victim.
But the real glue that keeps this film together, other than the spirit of Elvis himself, is Costner and Russell, who play their badass characters in T. Bien safe, Russell is previously on this road, but CostnerSurprised with his wickedness.
I guess he is upset in all bombs at the box office in which he has been in recent times, but he has certainly played an unstable Elvis thief here.
In the end, the main thing with this film is to have fun, kicks and make sure that there is enough Bubblegum to chew later.
And smoke them if you get them, friends!
There is also this very big show-down scene between Costner and a cop, which will make you crack and love all the time.
The violent scenes of this film are violent and the whole film is wrapped in a soundtrack which will give you a kick from this end of the theater to the next.
He should in fact surprise anyone that the director of this film comes from a clip background, with a lot, and I mean a lot of camera stuff, cuts and modifications, but for this type of film, thatactually works.
The film is not perfect, however, it starts with a fairly large bang, but then pulls a way of us, and slows the rhythm somewhat in the middle, while the characters mix and disperse.
I was personally kept in the match despite some weak points, and I appreciated the global ride for what it was too.
And did I mention that Courteney Cox looked mega-hot in the film?
No ... okay,
Well, I just did it!
I could do without all his angle of "romance", but to be honest, he does not take a large part of the film, which is generally covered with blood, explosions, guts and Elvis head nods.
Try to see how many "interior" connections to the king you can guess.
Of course, it is not a secret that I myself am a big fan of Elvis, so please take all this criticism with this grain of salt in mind.
I also really like these types of films "Guy", and even if the film does not bring much originality to the table, it offers a fairly coherent story, beautiful twists and turns, humor and great help Dewhoop-Ass coming directly from the respective boots of Costner and Russell.
Probably not a film for everyone, but certainly for those who love firearms, charismatic bad guys and a fun, but entirely disposable adventure.
Now see how many Elvis songs that I used to pass through this chidon review below.
Elvis' songs also recommend this film!
While you are Lonesome tonight or any other night, don't forget to pack the teddy bear with balls, leave your little sister at home, bring your baby bossa nova and rock out of this prison, because thisFilm is not a return to the sender.
I really beg you, whether you are stuck in the ghetto or that you cry in the chapel, to slap this cinematographic ring around your neck and love it tender.
And no suspicious spirit either, friends, because I got stung by this film, I mean that he really shook me, and unless you are the devil disguised himself, IThink that you will not be able to help fall in love with Cecharqué the charm either.
So don't be cruel, do not divert yourself, do not start again with your last toned flame (whether it is a hard -headed woman or not) and do not give up on the hunting dog who is this film.
It's now or never, friends.
Believe me, I did it in my own way and the Heartbreak hotel with shit films that I had seen so far this year is far behind me.
Joblo has now officially left mental health and this building.
Thank you ... thank
You are many!!
Where does Joblo come from?
Get Carter (7/10) - Heat (8/10) - Honeymoon in Vegas (9/10) - Payback (8/10) - Games de Renne (5/10) -Rerservoir Dogs (9/10) - Way ofThe Thepistolet (6/10)