When I heard for the first time that Kevin Costner made a film entitled "The Postman" "I Wesed", an American version of 'Il Postino?'
With Costner?
may God help us !"
When I discovered that it was not a remake of "postino" but a postapocalyptic epic, I thought: "Landworld?"
Please God, have it stopped! "
It turns out that "The Postman" is a much better film than what I expected.
Although it takes place in 2013, the film is, at heart, a western: A Band of Thugs terrorizes peaceful villagers; a wandering hero opposes bandits and inspires others to retaliate.
The frame, however, allows this familiar plot to take greater importance: American society has collapsed due to plagues and wars, and the survivors live behind barracades in isolated villages.
The struggle of a company who is dead to be reborn has a high quality and deserves the epic scale that Costner undergoes it.
The unnamed character of Costner, an wandering actor, leaves the vast wasteland and is soon Shanghaïed in the service of General Bethlehem (Will Patton), a former seller of copy machines that has become Bandit King.
Our hero escapes and discovers the body of a dead factor.
Taking the uniform and the mail bag, it is transmitted as a representative of the "restored United States".
He is shocked by the hope that he inspires in the people he meets.
A young disciple, Ford Lincoln Mercury (Larenz Tate), organizes a large -scale postal service.
Ford broadcasts the factor's message of hope until Bethlehem notes that the villagers formerly Meek are starting to resist his rule.
While the war broke out between the army of Bethlehem and the postal employees, the character of Costner enters the legend he created and passes from self -centered solitary to the leader of the Revolution.
Its lie from the restored United States becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
 "Postman" is a strange mixture of a dark setting and a message of optimism with a wide eyes (a kind of "Sergio Leone meets Frank Capra"), but his treatment of hope and renewal is convincing.
What could have been another route of "The Road Warrior" (like "Waterworld" was) surprises the spectator with a sensitive history of nobility emerging from the rubble.
Tate is the star of the large distribution of the film.
Ford Lincoln Mercury (Self-Named) is the polar opposite of O-Dog, the character of Tate in his first film, "Threat II Society" (1993), and Tate makes Ford's innocent belief in Hope tooconvincing that cynicism and the brutality of O-Dog.
His performance sells the film.
Interestingly, while Tate goes from its usual street roles to young optimism, the patton with soft eyes, which generally plays nice guys, proves a disarming villain.
Olivia Williams made her cinema debut as the love interest of the postman, Abby.
When they meet for the first time, Abby asks her for a child's father because her husband is sterile.
As you would expect, the husband is soon eliminated by the bandits and Abby is sent back with the hero.
However, their relationship develops slowly as the emotional conflicts of the two characters are explored (she, torn apart by sorrow, guilt and anger; he, resistant to his destiny).
 "The Postman" is Costner's best job so far.
Maybe that alone gives us hope for the future.
 .
 .