What is shocking about "Carlito's Way" is how good it is.
Having obtained a little bad rap for not having been a big box office like Pacino's previous film, "Scent of a Woman", and not having a performance as strong as in this one (he came fromWinning an Oscar), "Carlito's Way" was intended for underestimated paradise.
This is what it is: an underestimated jewel of a film.
And what a shame because Pacino and Palma both do incredible work with him and transform him into a large piece of a luscious character study.
 "Carlito's Way" treats, well, Carlito Brigante (Pacino), an ex-Puerto Rican-Drugpin, who comes out of a long-term prison when his lawyer with curly hair and focused on coke (Sean Penn) underlines legal technicality.
Of course, Carlito was actually awake in prison and decided to go directly, even if he is really a crook of heart.
Carlito, like Barry Lyndon, is a man trapped by fate every turn and cannot escape in something he is not.
Carlito's attempts at a clean and legal life are thwarted to almost all turns.
When he comes out for the first time, one of his friends eventually drives him into a big shooting, where he has to kill some people to survive.
He is constantly disturbed by the government to see if he does something illegal, and his lawyer finds himself in the neck in a heap of shit, needing him to try to help him, which understands himA break in prison.
Carlito, like Ratso Rizzo, wants to go to Miami (since, according to Film Logic, that's where he is), but needs funding.
Being a legend, he is quickly able to get a good job to manage a big dance club (it is in the 1970s, by the way, and as some of that take place in night clubs, we all hearkinds of classics from the 1970s, including more K.
And The Sunshine Band Tunes - My favorite).
He obtained a bodyguard (the big Luis Guzman, to his best), and soon directs a fairly good company, even if he constantly attracts young underground rings, like Benny Blanco "from the Bronx" (John Leguiziamo), which isMore than once stressed to be a young version of Carlito.
On the other side, the symbol of promise and hope, is Gail (Penelope Ann Miller - What happened to him?), His girlfriend before the prison.
It's a Goregeous ballerina, and a stripper, and soon Carlito tries to come back with her, and take her with him when he finally leaves for Miami.
Although this relationship is never entirely defined or anything, we have a feeling of love between them, and they have really interesting scenes between them (she never gives him addresses or locals - he must alwaysto find her).
All these elements come up against the end, in a brilliantly executed emotional point, which is inevitable.
When I say inevitable, I mean that we see it at the beginning, then in return, putting a big turn on it.
Of course, this will raise part of the tension, but it gives the film a lot of depth, because Carlito is seen trapped by fate.
What is incredible is that the great chase sequence (surprisingly made by de Palma) has a lot of tension and thrills.
Like "Apollo 13", we know what will happen, but we are always delighted with what's going on in the middle.
It is also very emotional, thanks to a large script by David Koepp, and incredible performance of Pacino and Miller.
De Palma is famous (or infamous) for many violence in his films.
His previous Flim, "Scarface" (which featured Pacino in mind), has a ton, especially at the end (and a bad chainsaw scene towards the start that I am still not finished).
But Palma in fact reigns in quieter scenes.
For me, the best scene in the film is when Carlito is above a building, looking in the room where Gail makes ballet.
It is the most brilliant and most emotionally stimulating scene of the whole film, and probably the best in Palma Histor y.
With a magnificent soprano duo in the background, and the rain pouring on a lid of the trash can covering Carlito's head, and a sad and remorseful look on Pacino's face, it's a jerker.
Everyone's game is great, especially the three tracks.
Pacino was swept away for his performance, mainly because his accent was not Puerto Rican enough and, well, it was not as "strong" as his oscored role in "Scent of a Woman".
Well, her performance "a woman's scent" was excellent and everything, but it was nothing that, as Kevin Pollack's comic said, an "impression of the Leghorn Foghorn".
In "Carlito's Way", he is emotional and strong, despite the fact that he has remorse on all his lifestyle, that he cannot change.
I felt more for Carlito brigant than for the blinds of Tango-Danse and launching the insult in "Scent of a Woman".
As I said, Penelope Ann Miller is great and she and Pacino actually have very good chemistry.
And their scenes are well written, with a good intelligent dialogue which adds a certain interest to an otherwise bland relationship.
And Sean Penn is incredible as a drug addict's lawyer.
Each scene in which it is, it has great energy and even measures the grandeur which is pacino.
In smaller roles, John Leguiziamo and Luis Guzman are great.
 "Carlito's Way" is one of those films that you have heard briefly, but when you finally watch it, you are absolutely blown away.
It is a wonderful film, a very underestimated little masterpiece that was put aside after it did not do so hot.
But believe me and check it.
It is a great little film and proof that residential criticism and mass populus are not always right.