118 minutes; not evaluated (although I suspect that it would be evaluated PG for themes and the language for adults)
Mamoru Oshii is a name that is probably not well known to most American audiences, but maybe it should be.
Oshii was the director of the most famous Japanese animation import of last year, _Ghost in Shell_, and is known among Japanese animation fans, or anime, to make films with a deep philosophical slope.
One of these films was the first theatrical company for the animated series of Patlabor.
In his many incarnations - graphic novels ("manga"), two different races of episodes made in video (original animation videos, or OAVs for short), and a television series executed at nearly fifty episodes - Patlaborproved to be one of the most popular series of all time in Japan.
Located in the very close future (although it was a little further near the future when the series was designed for the first time), this anime of atypical giant robot presents the characters, rather than the machinery, asthe principal objective.
Overall, Patlabor is the story of an exciting period for Japan.
As the prologue of each episode of the television series explains, giant industrial robots, known as "Laborres" (an interesting piece on words, since the "robot" is derived from the Czech word for work), was widely used in Japan in Japan the end of the 20th century.
With the rise of work, however, came a new threat - a work crime.
This led to the creation of the two special vehicle divisions, using patrol work to combat Labor crime.
The story of Patlabor focuses on the second division of special vehicles, SV2, which, without fault on their part, has acquired a bad reputation for destructiveness.
Sometimes completely hilarious, sometimes almost deadly, the Patlabor series explores the interpersonal relationships of special vehicle crew members and also examines the effects of technology on modern life.
Those who do not know the story and the characters of Patlabor can find themselves slightly confused in the film, although there is a large substantive exhibition planned for new viewers.
History, as has a large part of Patlabor before, focuses on the controversial project of Babylon, a gigantic dike which, at its completion, will allow the rehabilitation of thousands of miles of land of the Tokyo bay.
This project was an almost constant target of environmental terrorists, including the House of SEA organization.
However, the threat in this case does not come from a terrorist, but from someone who is already dead ...
Shinohara Heavy Industries, the first labor manufacturer in Japan (if not the whole world), has just released a new operating system that increases the speed and efficiency of work by 30%.
This hyper operating system, HOS for short, was quickly installed in more than 90% of the country's work ... including the SV2 patrol work.
Since this installation, dozens of work, including a strongly armed military model, have started to unleash Berzerk for no apparent reason ... and the only factor they all had in common was that they all operated under the new Hos.
 (Some WAGs compared this to Windows 95.)
It is at Asuma Shinohara, labor command agent with SV2 and the son of the president of Shinohara Heavy Industries, to find the source of these problems before other work - including the own victim of SV2 - and before Hos didHanging from her Santa -Reprise with her.
As was the case with _Ghost in the shell_, if you just want an action-based action, it may not be the film for you.
_Patlabor: The film_ is more a psychological thriller, a technological suspense drama.
It is closer, perhaps, a novel by Chrichton than an action film (Crichton novels that were made in action films notwithstanding).
There are long thoughtful montages of Images without dialogue while two investigators make their way through the slums and abandoned housing in old districts of Tokyo, similar to the sequences of _Ghost in the shell_.
This film is responsible for symbolism - in fact a large part of it is based on Christian symbolism.
Patlabor's frame, near Patlabor, is, apart from the giant robots that cross, very similar to our own day.
The film uses this setting to assert its central point: does progress move too quickly for humans to follow?
Do history and culture fall by the way like the ancient buildings which are demolished and replaced by new ones?
This is a question just as applicable to today as in the alternative parameter-1999 of Patlabor.
Regarding the technical aspects of the film (referring to the subtitled version, because it is the only one I have seen), the transfer of film is clear, almost phenomenal.
The quality of the animation is incredible, although the design of the characters is different from what most Patlabor fans will be used.
The OAVs and the television series were more cheerful, better suited to humor; the film, however, makes everyone much less cute and stresses that it will, for the most part, a deadly scenario.
Regarding cinematography, there are many interesting moments in _patlabor: the film_.
I do not think that I never remember a fish prospect used in another animated film (with the exception of _Ghost in the Shell_, another Oshii film), or even in many other films.
The cinematography is well suited to the scenario, stressing what it needs, although some scenes (where the characteristics of the characters are exaggerated in anger) may seem slightly strange for the Western public.
_Patlabor's audio track: the film_ is in a glorious hi -fi stereo, and should be used to demonstrate home theater systems - that's good.
Even without a helmet, the sounds on each side of the screen can be clearly heard at _Mecome_ on this side.
The giant robot traces are deep and booming.
The sometimes charged and sometimes obvious partition is clear and clear, and always just on the brand, improving the moods created by the animated landscape.
Regarding the subtitles, I must say that they are among the most easily linked subtitles that I have ever seen for _anhything_.
Large enough so that they do not filter their eyes, but small enough not to hide too much from the screen.
Although there are several action sequences, including the culminating conclusion, _patlabor_ is not an action film.
Although it is a superbly made film, it is largely based on a prior familiarity with some of the characters to carry the story, and that could affect the enjoyment of certain people.
My .