American Pie recognizes a cold and difficult fact that most films do not do it: it is very difficult to get fucked.
His four virgin heroes are Jim (Biggs), a chronic masturbator, Kev (Nicholas), who desperately wants to degrade his girlfriend (Reid), Oz (Klein), a butt player whose approach requires a fine and finch adjustment (Eddie Kayethomas), a germphobe (his rude nickname is hilarious, but I will not spoil it here) who pays a classmate to spread rumors on the size of her member.
Jim, Kev, Oz and Finch attend a high school in the suburbs of Michigan full of incredibly beautiful women, it is not surprising that they are excited all the time.
After a party to their friend Studly, Stifler's house (Seann William Scott, in the most acute performance in the film) leaves them sexually dissatisfied, the quartet makes a pact: to "lose" it by graduation specifically, the night of the ball, which is only a few weeks off.
American Pie is in the tradition of the Bachelor Party or the revenge of the Nerds.
Almost all the conversations that these characters have revolved around Makin 'Whoopee.
All women are there to be lorded.
 (The gay music student of Alyson Hannigan is the only memorable woman in the group.)
The situations abound which challenge logic only to arouse and / or amuse its main audience, adolescents.
 (To arouse: Nadia's Internet striptease (Shannon Elizabeth), a sequence unexpectedly (and guilt).
To amuse: Jim's vigorous meeting with a hot apple pie.)
What differentiates the American pie from these dirty comedies of the 80s, apart from a very obsession with the 90s for body fluids *, is a casting that is lighter more attractive than that, say, only one of the guys.
Two other off competitions: Klein and "S SCTV" 'S Eugene Levy.
Klein plays an athlete with good heart for the second consecutive time, after the underestimated elections of Alexander Payne.
I hope to see more of this warm actor with the honest disarming face very soon.
Levy's is the most pleasant performance, and indeed, it is pleasant to see it on the big screen in a role that makes wonderful use of this expressive front.
American Pie also wants to imitate the movies for teenagers of your parents _vraid_ let you look grow.
He skillfully uses a large mixture of pop songs, a bit like John Hughes' films, and even pays tribute to the breakfast club a few times, the most obviously when the ball group covers "Don't You (Foublie You(forget me of simple Minds.).
The image finally has a healthy, but compulsory attitude, towards safe sex, even in their most libidinous, the protagonists of the American pie first searched a condom.
The filmmakers prove that socially responsible raunch is possible.
For his familiarity and for his charming tracks, I recommend American Pie, but the buzz on this film made me expect something ... cooler.
Regarding new cinema for adolescents, it is at the top of the job.
 * Do not say that I did not warn you of the celebration scene.