Kevin Smith is like a big child.
His humor is that of a sophisticated juvenile.
He grew up by idolatrating Star Wars and loves comics, having also written some.
He also has a cult, mainly composed of adolescents, students and colleagues from Smith, adults of adolescents.
Smith is hilarious in person and in writing, but when he tries to be serious and to moralize, it is at this moment that he is wrong.
Kevin Smith is a better writer than director, and he will be the first to tell you.
This could also be part of the reason why its moralization appears to be so heavy.
The great directors show us their theses instead of making them sermn the characters.
This was true in the Amy over -the -fee pursuit, and this is also true for dogma.
This does not mean that Smith's message is bad.
In Dogme, Smith tells us that problems arise when people believe beyond doubt that their glimpse of God and the desires of God is higher than that of others.
Basically, dogmatism is bad.
Changing the spirit of dogmatics is practically impossible, and as dogmatic believe that they have a particular insight, they also know what suits you best, whether you like it or not.
This is not exactly a new message in the films (see inheriting the wind), but I have no problem recycling the ancients, especially since the Dogma demonstrators prove Smith's point.
Smith's problem with the delivery of this message is that it beats us above the head as we read a dogma book for dummies.
But it is Smith's personality, and his simplistic opinions neglect adult problems such as how to correctly interpret the Bible (or the Koran, etc.) (or if there is even correctly) and how we adjust disputesDogmatic concerns so far.
The story concerns the worker of the abortion clinic, Bethany (Linda Fiorentino) chosen by the voice of God, Metatron (Alan Rickman), to prevent the destruction of the universe by two fallen angels, Bartleby (Ben Affleck)and Angel of Death, Loki (Matt Damon)).
Along the way, the thirteenth forgotten, Rufus (Chris Rock), stripper Muse Serendipity (Salma Hayek), and the Slacker duo Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith himself) come with Bethany.
Fallen Muse, Azrael (Jason Lee), turns out to be the behind the scenes for the whole chicane.
The logical but convoluted plot exists only as an excuse for jokes and to assert Smith, and in itself, has little drama.
Among the so-called scandalous affirmations made by the film is that God is a woman, Jesus was black and that the Bible was written by a bunch of racist and misogynist white men.
Of course, Kevin Smith does not necessarily subscribe to these ideas itself.
They are a metaphor for dogmatics fears and insecurity.
Smith says so much in his fun warning that precedes the film.
When Harvey Weinstein asked Smith to put him in the film before Cannes, Smith thought that this could make the claims of the demonstrators validated according to which the film was sacrilege, but he redesigned it and transformed the warning into a joke.
The humor of the film is uneven.
Some parts are very funny as when Bethany goes for a fire extinguisher when Metatron makes a kind of entry by burning.
But many jokes in the film bomb, as in almost everything that involves the serendipity of Salma Hayek.
In addition, some jokes can be seen from a distance mile.
However, Smith maintains the zincs at a sufficiently fast pace.
Among the actors, Fiorentino and Rickman stand out from afar.
Fiorentino practically herself gives the emotional film.
Damon and Affleck are quite dull.
Rock and Hayek exist in the film roughly as a comic relief that Mews and Smith.
But this last duo is doing much better because Jay and Silent Bob, who reproduce in all Smith films, are much more in line with Smith's humor brand.
Bud Cort, George Carlin, J Janeane Garofalo, Guinevere Turner and Alanis Morissette all appear by Camée.