Natural Born Killers is really a very simple story which, in essence, has already been told to Bonnie & Clyde with some major variations in attention, mood and degree.
The two films glamorize the "outlaws", in a case, thieves and bank killers and in other mass murderers.
The two tell the story of a couple released by love.
But where Bonnie & Clyde was partial and subtle, the natural killers are total and flagrant.
Where Bonnie & Clyde was social, the natural killers are psychological.
What Bonnie & Clyde alluded, Natural Born Killers confronts and explores.
What Bonnie and Clyde stole, Mickey and Mallory Kill.
To examine the natural born killers as nothing more than a psychological odyssey for the realization and exposure of the frauds which surround them, expressed metaphorically as killing, subjects the mysterious power that this film exercises.
For the most part, when Mickey and Mallory kill, they kill everything that frustrates them unnecessarily, they kill what tries to kill them, they kill what dissipates and starts from life, they kill what must be killed.
This myth is at least as old as the Hindu Trinity.
Brahma has created.
Vishnu kept.
And Siva destroyed, but it destroyed what had to be destroyed to make room for the useful creations of Brahma.
The following can be painfully banal but metaphorically so precise, I have to say it for clarity: a plumber must remove the old lead and copper pipes, that is to say destroy the old plumbing systemIn order to replace it with the new plastics.
Your plumber, Bonnie and Clyde, Mickey and Mallory, and Siva are all productive destroyers.
I think you might say without much challenge that religion is responsible for more murder and death, currently and historically, than any other phenomenon.
Muslims kill Christians.
Hindus kill Muslims.
Christians kill pagans.
Jews kill Christians, etc. You can reverse the subject and predicate in each case and always not be challenged.
Religion is an orgy of murder.
The institution of the State is only lacking in first place for technical reasons as it has not been a major player for so long or both are often indistinguishable.
 "The state is the divine idea on earth," said Hegel, which means that it is absolute, all-powerful, ineffable, unassailable, infallible, authoritarian and patriarchal, just like JHVH, Allah, God, etc.
Well, what has it to do with natural born killers?
Let me first say that religions of this nature, ideal, replace sex.
Consider the Catholic Church, which in its Hey-dey took religion as seriously as any other religion or institution.
God replaces sex as manifested in all these vows of celibacy taken by the pope, the cardinals, the bishops, the monks, etc. they give up one, in order to get closer to the other.
In the Middle Ages, when this doctrine was not attracted and indisputable, the most repressive regime that the West has ever known in terms of scope and magnitude increased in power.
 (By parenthesis, witness also Plato.
In the Republic, he tried to launch the first systematic absolutist regime.
Not by coincidence, he was himself a mystique, regularly sitting passions.)
Catholicism, as a politician, attacks passions as evil.
He only considers sexual intercourse as a means of perpetuating the species and not as a means of pleasure.
Masturbation is considered to be a sin with the sacrament of penance necessary for absolution.
It is religion, it is authoritarianism in its essence.
As an additional proof, the Nazis had the same attitudes as the Church on these questions.
Our culture, most cultures in the world have been imbued with this tradition for thousands of years.
We cannot prevent ourselves from adopting, even from internalizing some of these same authoritarian attitudes, leading to a destructive split between the biological and social self.
Mickey and Mallory Knox interested Also strengthened them, then by spontaneous sexual conscience triggered in each of them by the presence of the other, discovered them and began to expur them from themselves and the world in the processing process.
It is a simple liberation by sex.
As a good patriarch observed it once, "you can maintain control as long as everyone keeps their clothes."
M&M had a vision of what the world would be without contradictions.
They have seen what civilization and culture and daily life would look like in such conditions.
 "The time of realization is worth a thousand prayers", as Mickey says.
As the most coherent and passionate criticism of Western culture, Nietzsche applies his typical stridance to the question: let's look at each other.
We are hyberbreens - we know quite well how far our place is.
 "Neither on the ground nor by water, you will not find the Hyberbreens route": even Pindar, in his time, knew a lot about us.
Beyond the north, beyond the ice, beyond death-our life, our happiness ....
We have discovered this happiness; we know the way; we have had our knowledge for thousands of years in the labyrinth.
Who else found it?-the
Man today?- "I
I do not know the way on the outside or the way; I am everything that knows neither the exit nor on the way "- so-soupire the man of today ....
It is the kind of modernity that made us badly - we are uncomfortable in lazy peace, a cowardly compromise, all the virtuous dirt of modern yes and no.
This tolerance and this greatness of the heart which "forgive" everything because it "understands" everything is a sirocco for us.
Rather living in the middle of the ice than among modern virtues and others of such windows!
As far as I know, that's what the film has to say.
His presumed media criticism is only secondary, the tertiary sector, the quaternary, the subsidiary for sure.
For example, Wayne Gayle's first report ends with a guy from generation X saying: "If I were a mass murderer, I would be Mickey and Mallory", in his most excellent Bill and Ted Voice.
At a certain level, you observe humdrum that, because the media had glamorous these two psychopaths that the non -critical and impressionable idiotthe confused the question and took them for the heroes.
It seems more likely that he made an independent judgment to a subconscious level recognizing what M&M did and admitting that if he had the bullets to be so honest with himself, he would be like them, killing and destroying whatdeserved.
Let me illustrate what I said by analyzing a scene from the film, namely the scene where Mallory fucks the service station attendant, kills him, then castigates him for giving him "the worst fucking headthat I have never had life!!
Now, I never said that Mickey and Mallory had a perfect relationship, because there were no things, and this scene and those who led there show us this.
Sometimes they are the source of the frustrations of each other, but do not want to kill themselves, because they love each other so much and are responsible for everyone's release, they must kill in place of their lever.
It is only a secret for anyone in this scene, Mallory fantasized that his victim was Mickey.
As the attendant approached, he took the character of Mickey in the eyes of Mallory.
She needed to kill him because of what he kidnapped this girl in the hotel room and had secret fantasies about her while making love to Mallory.
After discovery, Mallory considers it as a betrayal, the judge and commits his sentence on someone else.
The style of the film is a whole question to say that I will not enter very deeply but it is surely partly responsible for its power.
Let me say that its assembly has the opposite effect of a western with plans that persist forever on a living room entrance or others suggesting the expansion, the barrier and the boredom of the Fron Level lifestyle.
The rapid succession of all these 8 mm, 16 mm, 35 mm images under various perspectives with a sometimes synchronized soundtrack and sometimes out of the sink breathes a nervous and frantic atmosphere.
In addition, the jungal archetypes abound.
These cannot help but trigger deep psychological responses that we can barely understand, especially when they flash through the screen for just a few frames.
Some of the best scenes and lines that come to my mind. (Quotes are paraphrases only):
Mickey in Mallory: "One of these days, I'm going to be played for you", in prison, while Mallory Jacks Mickey.
Sperm is a symbol for great potential and things to come.
At the time, they have not yet had sex and have not yet killed anyone.
The two go of course.
For an even more explicit sperm scene, see the silence of the lambs.
Mickey during his marriage to Mallory: "As creator of my universe, I pronounce a man and a woman."
The way Woody offers this line is really haunting, but also revealing.
It reveals that M&M is on track to remove all their destructive trends and replace them with positive trends.
This is what Mickey means by "creator of my universe", he gives himself or creates healthy attitudes.
It is not necessarily a schizophrenic retreat in solipsism as it appears for the first time.
Scagnetti's first meeting with Mallory is through his pubic hairs, he launches the mouth of the service station.
The Indian sage releasing the father of Mallory, who was reincarnated as a serpent: "Old Man, will be a snake", after having told his "Snake Story" which ends with "Slut, you knew I was asnake".
After Mickey shot this sage to death during a disconcerting nightmare, Mallory said: "You killed life !!"
This is another revealing quote because it implies that they did not consider themselves as killers of life.
So what do they kill until that time?
In some cases, just these zombies making their way through life, the living dead, so to speak.
In other cases, all anti-life forces, cops and their parents.
The butterfly just before the film moves in the prison.
It symbolizes of course the Renaissance.
Dr.emil Reingold, as described by Steven Wright, making a judgment on M&M: "Mickey and Mallory know the difference between good and evil, they do not care."
This recalls all of Nietzsche's philosophy, and perhaps a direct reference to its well beyond good and evil.
Mickey: "The rabbit says that the time of realization is worth 1000 prayers."
Mickey (once again in his interview): "Me and you are not the same species."
Note that when the escape is underway, we obtain role reversals in terms of leadership and control.
Mickey the prisoner becomes the leader of his little gang.
The guards become prisoners and civilians like Wayne Gayle and his producer follow the chief, no matter who he is.
Mickey: How do you feel?
Wayne: Fucking great!
Mickey: Do you have the feeling?
Wayne: I'm alive.
I am alive for the first fucking time!
What an incredible transformation is.
He had the feeling and he couldn't contain himself.
what a feeling .
This feeling of metaphysical freedom that you can create your own universe.
Mickey when he is almost caught in a dead end, "think, think, think, think."
Go understand it.
Dwight (Tommy Lee Jones) in general, because he can be fucking the most sick of the whole film.
All his attitude can be summed up with: "Destroy them !!"