Even if I did not know that the director and co-editor James Wong and Jeffrey Reddick of the frightening final destination helped to create the successful television program The X-Files, I would inevitably have established a connection.
The similarities are very obvious to the inexplicable phenomenon - like the intrigue, with mysterious characters, with dark and disturbing environments.
It would have been perfectly appropriate to see the agents of the FBI Mulder and Scully investigate this case, they witness things like this on a weekly basis (in fact, Mulder and Scully would have been a much more welcome change for the agents of theUnidimensional FBI of follies seen in this area in this area).
Another greater similarity is that the two manage to entertain and excite at the same time.
This is a great achievement for a horror film for adolescents, especially in relation to some of the garbage, of the same kind, published in the past two years (Urban Legend and I always know what you did last summer areClassic examples of the group).
What helps the final destination is its unique premise.
Unlike your average horror film in which an invincible psycho with a knife pursues blonde cheerlers, the villain presented is unusual, it is the dark Reaper.
This being has already predestined when and how you die.
According to the brief lesson in history given in this film, everyone had to die at some point, some people at 100, others at 17, regardless of death.
What is unique in death is that he is already dead, so you can't really kill him.
The only way to defeat death is to deceive it; the question is how do you do this?
This dilemma is what faces Alex and a group of adolescents.
Alex made dreams that the plane that will take his course during a trip to Paris will crash, leaving no survivors.
Alex is starting to realize that his dreams are a little too real and finally be heard and six others launched the plane just before he took off.
Shortly after, the plane crashed, leaving some of the seven confused survivors and others feeling immortal.
However, death has not yet finished with them.
He gradually kills the seven one by one, leaving those who are currently still alive by trying to deceive death.
The plot allows some of the most creative and original death scenes that I have seen for a while.
Some scenes accumulate the perfect amount of tension to an elaborate culmination point, others are so unexpected that they will leave your jaw wide open in shock.
Creativity and originality are two adjectives missing in most horror films these days, but the final destination is not like most horror films.
Of course, it has your traditional share of tremors and foreigners (the character of Ali Lartter is particularly boring), but the shocks, from start to finish, are extremely entertaining.
The director Wong also has the feeling of not taking the film too seriously.
He knows that it's just another enchanting guilty pleasure that will not win any Oscars' prices (not even a Golden Globe).
The myriad of interior jokes and gags (the characters bear the names of famous horror directors, a character who plays an idiot is called Carter, like the creator of X-Files Chris Carter, and a song by John Denver, deceasedIn an airplane accident, playing the death is near) show this film is a group of guys who have a good time making a film.
And from that, I had a good time watching the film.