Again, the battle is DreamWorks against Disney: earlier this year, gigantic societies fought to death with their asteroid films at the end of the world, Deep Impact and Armageddon.
Here we are now, a few months later, and they are there again with duel bugs, Antz and a bug life.
What I find so amazing is that the two pairs of films are so intrinsically similar in history and execution.
I mean, go - What were the chances of two studios that decided both to bring out animated movies on computer on the bugs?
As was the case with Meteor films, Disney was released in mind: although Entantz is a sympathetic film, the life of a bug is much superior.
In fact, this film made me realize what was wrong with Antz: I became immersed in the world of life of a bug, while Antz made me examine everything.
But it's not really fair to base a complete review on a comparison.
The life of a bug is a remarkable full -fledged film and deserves to be seen apart from any other computer animated film on the bugs.
In fact, it's one of the best films this year: it's intelligent, subtle and funny, but it is also perfect and tireless family entertainment.
I haven't had such a good time in the movies for months.
He tells the story of a film named Namp (Dave Foley's voice); he is a nice guy, but he is also a troublemaker.
Ants spend the whole season to assemble the offer, a large bunch of food they provide to the locusts.
Just before the locusts come, Flick accidentally overturns the offering and ruins everything for the whole colony: the chief of the lawn, Hopper (Kevin Spacey), is rabid, and tells them that ants need the food twiceAt the end of summer, where they are all dead.
Flick, by feeling responsible for this, begins to look for help - he realizes that the only way to get rid of the grasshoppers is to fight them.
He heads for the city (the city being a house a few kilometers away), where he finds a colorful pile of circus bugs: a ladybug (Denis Leary, who is spectacular), a black widow (Bonnie Hunt), aChenille (Joeranft), a butterfly (Madeline Kahn), a Rhinoceros scarab (Michael Mcshane), and a stick (David Hyde-Pierce, also giving a hilarious performance).
Flick does not know that they are actors, and they do not know that Flick needs it to kill a bunch of grasshoppers, so they return to the colony with Flick and find themselves in an unusual position.
The most obvious element in the life of a bug is the quality of animation.
Created by Pixar, the same people who brought us Toy Story, the life of a bug has some of the most amazing visuals I have ever seen.
Insects seem to live in a three -dimensional space, and sometimes there will be an indistinguishable blow to live action.
This is a lush and colorful world, full of life and imagination: the way the animators insert the things we all see in our daily life (matches, bottles, canned cans, etc.) and make them active objectsin the world of innovative Bugsest.
The film is also ruthlessly exciting, especially in a superbly staged scene involving the escape of our heroes of a bird (a little bird never seemed so huge and threatening).
But the manufacturers of the life of a bug know where the importance is: the story and the characters.
Flick, with a solid voice work by Foley, is a great guy to direct the story.
But the real treat is delivered with the circus bugs; they are a group of characters so sympathetic - the stars are the stick (Hyde -Pierce is so good), Francis the Ladybug and The Big Fat Caterpillar.
All these bugs have more than a symbolic personality, which makes scenes work full of suspense because we care about insects, and this also prevents the tear scenes from seeming compulsory.
In my Antz review, I said that the film is an intelligent cop because it presents a bunch of small humans reacting to an existence in the form of an ant.
concept , The life of a bug is fundamentally the same film, except that I have never had enough time to find things that I did not like on this subject.
With such strong work in animation and script, the life of a bug is nothing other than a joy to sit down.
It is really a shame that he had to get closer to this other bug film, but the life of a bug is so good that I am sure that she will find her audience.
After a multitude of infinitely violent and cynical films, it is downright refreshing to sit on an innocent image like this and to laugh without feeling guilty.