Close your eyes for a moment, if you want, and imagine the sound of the Gaelic Brogue by Stephen Rea, silky and Irish like a pint of Guinness.
A little voice of embarrassing and nasty schoolchildren who flirts and Gamboule.
A harsh and singing singer that evokes the surprising imagery and language of Anthony Burgess "A Clockwork Orange".
A voice that delightly evokes scenes that are both pig and childish, like those of "Delicatesen" or "The Tin Drum".
Imagine all this, and you will have a good idea of what you can expect from "The Butcher Boy".
Imagine this and more.
Neil Jordan's latest film "Stars" REA in more ways than one.
REA, the most notable Irish actor accomplished in his star turn in "The Crying Game" by Jordan, contributes a performance retained and managed as DA Brady, a small drunk town in an anonymous Irish community in the 1960s.
But it was his wall narrative on a wall as a boy's butcher's boy, Da Brady's son, Francis, who means that the "performance" of Rea who deserves to be watched.
And it's only half of the pleasure.
The newcomer is the newcomer Eamonn Owens and he is, without a doubt, a revelation.
As far as the voiceover of REA permeates almost all the scenes of "The Butcher Boy", Owens practically commands each frame.
It is impossible to leave the eyes of him.
With her harvest of hair of color carrot, red complexion and global overall appearance, Francie Brady is an improbable hero, refusing to be made by her alcoholic and deceptive father, his depressive and suicidal mother, or the neighboring monster andwith neighboring glasses under the name of Mme.Nogent (Fiona Shaw).
In fact, everything was fine until "The Nugent" arrives in town.
Now, it represents as much a threat to the security and security of Bully Francie and his best friend Joe (Alan Boyle) as the threat of imminent Commie ("The Butcher Boy" is fixed at a time when the fear of nuclear erasureis the first and above all in the mind of many).
 "Pigs!"Shouts Mme.Nogent to Brady Mening.
 "You are all pigs!"
This is the start of many related images.
After my brady is shipped to the "garage" for psychiatric observation and da Brady Downs a bottle of whiskey too much, Francie finally loses the taking of her fantastic world of cowboys and Indians, the solitary and other charactersof comics.
Cligant like a stuck pig, Francie made "like" That "on the floor of the Nugent living room, and is himself taken to a pre -trial detention house for" Boney Arsed Bogmen ", where his always fertile imagination - and a smart chicane--Borde.
The lively treatment of the director Jordan of the Novel nightmarish of Pat McCabe produces a sometimes disturbing dark comedy strewn with surreal touches (like sin? Ad o'connor playing the Virgin Mary).
It is not as bizarre as the trailers are distinguished; instead, this remarkable film focuses on the effects that external influences have on friendship between two boys (schoolchildren in real life), allowing usTo sympathize with their fate in the presence of extraordinary behavior.
It's dark and it's black but it's fundamentally very funny.
Rea speaks to us through, beautifully, and Owens drags us, admirably, and, in tandem with the safe hand of Jordan, their contributions to make "The Butcher Boy" a film to savor.