Meet Joe Black (examined on 27/98 November)
With Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Claire Forlani
In "Meet Joe Black", Brad Pitt plays death.
This is all that must really be said, but nevertheless, I will provide you with the three that apparently lived in a cave with a description of the plot.
Death decides to take a vacation, with all the rigors of soul collection and everything, and forces Anthony Hopkins to show him what a human being.
Death assumes Brad Pitt's body, and from there, many problems follow.
On the one hand, Death-As Pitt falls in love with Hopkins' daughter, played by Claire Forlani.
Obviously, it enrages hopkins, because really, what can death offer?
Besides eternal damnation, of course.
There is also a sub -intrigue about Forlani's ex-little friend (she throws him for Pitt) trying to take control of the Hopkins company.
 "Meet Joe Black" works a little less than three hours.
I have always thought that these obscene operating times should be limited to historical epics.
 "Meet Joe Black" is neither historical nor an epic, although I feel the feeling that Martin Brest (the director) desperately wants it.
Each scene of the film lasts about 3-4 minutes too much.
And the end takes about 20 minutes more than it really should.
A severe assembly work could have made this film excellent, instead of simply good, which it is.
Pitt, an actor that I normally hate, is actually quite engaging like death.
I believed in his performance, and I could see why the character of Forlani would fall in love with him.
I must agree with Roger Ebert, who has had trouble believing that an entity that has always existed does not know what peanut butter was.
It has nothing to do with Pitt's performance, of course, but it's a bit distracting.
Hopkins gives its excellent usual performance.
He is able to portray the anxiety of a man who knows that he has very little time, without making him an unpleasant whining.
And in her first role as a major studio, Claire Forlani is surprisingly good.
She has a sweet tenderness that allows the public to tell herself instantly for her.
So, "Meet Joe Black" is a good film embarrassed by its ridiculous operating time.
If the film had been reduced by about an hour, I have no doubt that I would call it one of the best films of the year of this criticism.