Jarvis Cocker by Pulp once said that he had written ordinary people after noticing Mike Leigh Box Sets on video shelves - he had the feeling that economic deprivation became a tourist experience for the wealthy.
This is perhaps a classic case of displacement: it is easier to see Jarvis' own words (obsessed with acrylic and wood chips on the wall) as a lowlife fetishization, rather than Leigh films.
But it should be recalled that the dull interiors and some characters in the working class do not make a guarantee of "authenticity", not to mention a good film.
It is the triumph of secrets and lies that it goes beyond sympathy for ordinary people in an investigation of what it means to seek "authenticity" and honesty in everyday life.
Following the funeral of his adopted mother, Hortense, a young black optometrist, undertakes her biological mother and is disturbed to discover that she is white.
It is Cynthia, a factory worker who lives in a shabby house with her daughter perpetually in bad mood Roxanne.
Cynthia's younger brother Maurice is a successful photographer who has not seen his sister for ages, largely because of the animosity of his wife towards her.
Hortense calls Cynthia, who initially breaks down into tears and refuses to see her.
But their mutually suspect meeting gives way to a warm friendship possibly.
Cynthia invites Hortense to come to a party, which Maurice organizes ...
Secrets & Lies has a fairly simple theme in his heart - as a character says, "Better to tell the truth, isn't it?
In this way, no one is injured. ".
But if the film delivers much more than a banal message, it is because we are also shown how difficult it can be to face ugly truths, even if the escapes and tacit grievances require us slowly.
Consequently, Cynthia's difficulty to recognize (first for herself, then to others) that Hortense is her daughter.
One of her first reactions to see Hortense is a sincere denial that she has ever been "was with a black man", before a memory deleted for a long time, grabbed her.
During the party, Cynthia's pretension that Hortense is her factory colleague leads her to ever more convoluted lies, as scary as they are funny.
Little lies infiltrate every corner, as Maurice claiming that he is "right" when he visits Cynthia after many deliberations.
Mauritius' work as a photographer gives the film's comments for parallel comments on the main theme - a sad bride that Maurice has a smile, a couple who awkwardly pose with a wedding alliance and argue on his shows.
One of the most surprising images is a beautiful woman with large scars on her face: she says she needs the photo to appear "as bad as possible" to collect insurance money, but theShort scene lets you ask you what scars.
There are sometimes hilarious moments, as when Cynthia tries to give her daughter unwanted advice on contraception, "I have a Dutch cap floating in a place upstairs"; or when Cynthia looks at her own rather pedestrian legsAnd said to Roxanne: "If you have it, display, that's what I say."
As played by Brenda Blethyn, Cynthia gets closer to being a caricature, with her nervous way and somewhat disconnected from speaking.
But she is really right for the role of someone who inspires sympathy and who nevertheless supports the tolerance of those around her, precisely because she is so needing love, perhaps.
Indeed, the whole casting gives detailed performance warmly and detailed.
The script has been partially developed thanks to improvisations, and the merger of the distribution, the script and the director shows the best in the party scene - apparently everyone speaks at the same time, and yet many subtle observations are madeall along.
In a very different way, but also using a long unique blow, the scene of the first meeting of Hortense and Cynthia in a solitary CAF = 8a reaches an intrigue Together, all the more for their reluctance and tacit feelings.
The highlight of the film - with all the secrets and lies finally spread in the revelations of Ibsen -Esque, and everyone kissing - is the only thing that seems false about this film.
However, it is a film that really wins its happy ending after the misery and the repression of the character's life.
When Cynthia says towards the end, it is life, innit?, You have the impression that, after the cynicism of her last naked film, Leigh has rediscovered that life can be soft after all, without comforting illusions.
The Flying Inkpot's notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.