Land: a group of asbestos cleaners gets a job by removing the grime of an old crazy asylum.
As every day passes, the members of the crew are starting to discover things in the place and themselves that put other things in motion.
To say anything else on the plot would be a crime.
have fun ...
Critality: "I want to shoot myself in the head" are the first words that came out of my mouth after seeing this film, a good indication on the type of film to wait here.
It is not your average "happy luck" image.
It is a deliberately slow mystery horror film soaked in the atmosphere, with a very scary crazy asylum (in which most of the film takes place), very few clues in advance and manySpeak later.
Will he annoy some people to sleep?
You bet it will be!
Is it made for the public cries of the day?
absolutely not !
I guess you can describe this film as a horror film for the "brain crowd".
A patient that takes place patiently he manages after the frame, giving very little to each stage and each sound, taking place until his final scenes offer a world of revelations and much more to discuss later.
I have always loved the films that made me talk about them later like the Shining and Lost motorway and this film fits directly into this group.
In fact, I guess I can make a boost around the real word I want, but the best way to describe this kind of film is a "mindfuck".
If you want to watch a film that moves very slowly, gives you a handful of characters with divergent backgrounds, launches some very ambiguous and supernatural cookies in your own way and is extremely disturbing once you have set up everything, well, so this film is definitely for you!
This is the kind of film that you must see twice to fully appreciate (damn, I missed this whole affair of "peanut butter"!) And something that will probably make you slide shit if it is looked at alonein darkness.
 "Brrrrrrrrr ... now
What was this sound in the basement?
Darling, can you go check? "
And one thing that this film does not have, unlike its Hollywood-IIn counterparts like The HAUNING, these are special effects.
In fact, it is one of the greatest things about this film: it is real because it seems that it is in fact recorded on the video with very credible actors in very credible circumstances (I haveDo research and it was, in fact, turned in digital video.
Another great thing about this is that it is actually very bloody and somewhat violent in the theme, and yet we rarely see anything on the big screen (it's especially implicit, children!).
And as cliché? D as it could be to say ... It is generally much more frightening when things are left to our imagination or implicit in films as such.
Other films that this one reminded me of Henry: Portrait of a serial killer and the Blair Witch project, with this same true sense of dread, brood and terror.
However, the film moves terribly slow and if you don't really get started "it completely (you really have to focus here), you will lose the movement of history and the repressed tension could be published.
But overall, this film is another excellent example of the kind of horror which makes a very cool return this year without tight tank reservoir in sight.
And with David Caruso acting like the king's hotshot as he can, how can you be wrong?
Certainly not a film for everyone, but an essential for anyone looking to throw themselves into the psyche of troubles (count me!).
Stanley Kubrick would be proud!
Oh yeah ... so
Where is this weapon ...?
Where does Joblo come from?
The Blair Witch Project (4/10) - Blair Witch 2 (7/10) - The HAUNTING (3/10) - The House on Hautned Hill (7/10) - LOST Highway (10/10) - The Pledge (6/10) - The Shining (9/10) - The Sixth Sense (8/10) - Unbreakable (8/10)