After a stylistic detour with Mrs.
Parker and The Vicious Circle (which, despite its uncomfortable tone, was about to be a conventional film), director Alan Rudolph returned to his unique brand of films with Afterglow, a romantic black comedy on love, betrayal and self-absorption.
Although this is not the most unusual themes to shape in a film, Rudolph's atypical approach to the characters and their situations constitute an intriguing film, if not always pleasant.
It is said that Rudolph is a polarizing director? Which means that most viewers love his work or hate him.
Up to Mrs.
Parker, I had not been too impressed by his films.
I found Equinox, his last pre-Mrs.
Parker's efforts, to be irritating and frustrating.
So I was somewhat surprised to discover that I liked the persistence.
There are several reasons for this, but the primordial is that Rudolph seems to have attenuated some of the most strident aspects of his approach.
The characters here are more like real people with real problems, the story is absorbing and the game is of the first order.
In short, Rudolph has created a world in which it is worth spending two hours.
Afterglow presents two married unhappy couples.
Jeffrey Byron (Jonny Lee Miller) is a cold and heartless businessman who is sexually indifferent to her young wife, Marianne (Lara Flynn Boyle).
For her part, Marianne is so obsessed with having a baby that she never tries to interact with her husband on the human level.
All that is interested is to seduce it during these few days when it ovulates.
After refusing to make love, she decides to find someone else to play the role of the sperm donor.
The other couple, Lucky (Nick Nolte) and Phyllis Mann (Julie Christie), are an older pair, but they are not more satisfied than Jeffrey and Marianne.
A mysterious fracture in their past relationship has separated them.
They remain married as a question of convenience, but, since Phyllis will not allow Lucky to touch it, they have a tacit agreement by which he can be wrong as much as he wishes provided that no lasting link is established toThe rest of these cases.
The landscape of emotional pain between them is palpable.
The four characters are starting to interact when Marianne hires luck as a handyman to repair the interior of the apartment she shares with Jeffrey.
The two are immediately attracted to each other, and it takes long before lounging together, naked, in his pool.
Meanwhile, Jeffrey, captivated by older women, meets Phyllis in a hotel bar, is struck and invites him to accompany him during a weekend retreat in the mountains.
The romantic couplings of the characters are interesting in that they illustrate the multiple faces of love.
Sex means something different for everyone? For Jeffrey, is it an unpleasant chore, a loss of control; for Marianne, it is a means for a maternal end; in Lucky, it is a pleasant distraction thatblocks his marital problems; and in Phyllis, it is a method to establish or deny emotional proximity.
In the end, none of these characters seem to love someone else as much as they love each other.
The greatest strength of the film does not reside in the script, but in performance.
Jonny Lee Miller is perfect as a selfish, insane and costume business man.
Those who recall it as Sickboy in Trainspotting will note that it is almost unrecognizable here as the image of conformity.
Lara Flynn Boyle, who was not impressive in the Rudolph equinox, is considerably improved, making Marianne a clutter of sexes and vulnerability.
Nick Nolte is delicious as Lucky Inhibité, and he manages to deliver some of the most pregnant lines of Rudolph with an ease practiced.
La Vedette Claire, however, is Julie Christie, who is simply delicious as Phyllis Las du Monde .
Her often ironic, which occasionally cut the source of a large part of the humor of the film, and there is almost never a time when she does not steal the spotlights of her co-stars.
I do not know if Afterglow is the film to convert Rudolph-Detrators, but it seems that this film is a little more accessible than some of the director's previous productions.
Enough of his brand style remains, however, to reassure his supporters.
Afterglow is essentially a four -component character study.
The intrigue is not particularly convincing, but the interaction of the character is, and it is the real reason to see this film.
Rudolph painted an image capable of the non -romantic side of love - the one who has more to do with tolerance and familiarity than with affection and attraction.