With stars like Sigourney Weaver ("Alien" trilogy) and the Holly Hunter Oscars winner (the piano, raising Arizona, etc.) together in a single Hollywood production, the film would immediately be identified as a hot shot from the potentialAcademy Award.
Unfortunately for Copycat, although closely scripted and well conspiracy, is always at heart, a typical Hollywood thriller.
Helen (Weaver), after a traumatic meeting of death with a serial killer, Darryl (Harry Connick Jr.), developed a phobia to be outside, so to speak.
By the way, Helen is also an expert regarding serial killers, who make him a juicy target for the Wannabes of serial killers.
A year has passed and strange dead are starting to terrorize the city of San Francisco.
The detective Monahan (Hunter) and Getz (Mulroney), disconcerted by the unorthodox methods of death used by the killer, is looking for professional help from Helen, who, as expected, was reluctant at the beginning.
Copycat "borrows a lot" from the silence of the lambs and in most cases it worked.
But Copycat tries to be a little more by plunging the public in the life of his main characters to give them more credibility, it was rather useless because the scenes seem to disturb the mood of the whole film and also ...
Most of the time lost could have been used to build the suspense and injected with a drama.
Despite this, Weaver and Hunter act very well in their own departments ...
Weaver being the vulnerable but strong character (as in the extraterrestrials) and Hunter being the short, hard and Texan speaking cop (as in the elevation of Arizona).
Harry Connick Jr., a very good jazz singer, shines as a serial killer imprisoned at the Hannibal Lecter.
Who arrives at the time of judgment (drum drum please ...).
Copycat is a good thriller.
Although the intrigue is highly predictable and that we can in fact predict the rest of the film after about 45 minutes after the start of the show, Copycat survives from the moments of anticipation when the public is held to their seats, in anticipation of the following killers.
It worked well and will offer the public some unexpected shaking.
Beautiful film to bring your girlfriend ....