At the end of Bulworth, I allowed myself a sigh of relief:? It is possible for me to take advantage of political satire.?
There have been several recent political films that did not do much for me - Wag the Dog, for example, I found an intelligent but heartless film, while the primary colors are unbearable and inaccessible in its horror.?
Bulworth is a much better film than these, both in its execution and its lasting impression.?
It is an extremely funny and intelligent image, but it also has an emotional center - the writer / director / Star Warren Beatty allows the public to identify with his character, and, in turn, we love it and weWe really worry about history.
 ?
Beatty plays the outgoing Democratic Senator Jay Billington Bulworth; the film opens and we see Bulworth sob as he watches his television spots again and again.
He hasn't slept for days, and he hasn't eaten and, almost instantly, he goes crazy.
 ? He is not very crazy about delusional (not downright, anyway), but he is definitely crazy.
 ? This is the last weekend of his campaign, and his assistant, Murphy (Oliver Platt) wrote to him a speech to feed on a group of blacks in a ghetto church.
 ? Bulworth begins the speech, but suddenly comes out and just starts to be honest.?
 "You mean," asks a lady, "the Democratic Party does not care about the African-American community?"?
 "Well," he shouts laughing, "isn't it easy?"
The story is propelled by a device in which Bulworth makes a contract on his own life (he later thinks that it is a bad thing to make decisions when you are suicidal); he continues to see a man in glassesSun (Graham Beckel) whom he believes to be the hitman.
 ? Bulworth also meets Nina (Halle Berry) with whom he becomes passionate.
 Suddenly, during the short duration of this weekend, the methods of "truth in politics" of Bulworth become a national sensation, and he pulls in the polls despite the fact that he appears on television carrying gang clothes andspitting more blasphemies than coherent and coherent sentences.
Beatty's work on both sides of the camera is excellent.?
His script and his management are both extremely clear, as well as the surprisingly strong characterization of Bulworth himself.?
Here is a man who reached his limit, and his way of unleashing is by screwing the whole political structure.?
I like that the film does not take a clear blow to any of the political parties or affiliations, but to politics in general and how everything is managed by the rich (although anti-riche feelings become a little tiring at the endDele film).?
Some of the segments are simply hilarious, like a long rap he delivers to a lunch dedicated to him.?
A large part of the film is completely absurd, but it is the funny part on this subject.?
It is an angry and serious film at the heart, but the package that Beatty has created is so much more accessible than recent attempts in the genre.
What adds to this feeling is Bulworth's representation by Beatty; this is a performance that deserves recognition on a higher scale.
 ? Beatty is so fun to look at here - he is always funny, but he is also subtle in a way that flesh out his character without an extremely perceptible dialogue or actions.
 Beatty is so good that Bulworth, despite his shortcomings as a human being, is a completely sympathetic and friendly character almost from the start.
The support cast is large and colorful.?
Berry is bright, as always, and adds to his repertoire of solid support roles.?
Don Cheadle has a good role as a drug trafficker who uses toddlers with firearms to do his dirty job?
Oliver Platt is an actor who should be careful, because one day I fear provoking a heart attack with the intensity of his game (although he is very funny to watch).? Paul Sorvino adds the southern accent to his listcontrolled inflections.
Is Bulworth offensive ??
I guess Can some see it in this way.?
I was not offended by the film, but again, I almost care about politics.?
I think people who find this film offensive will simply be blind by the honesty of history.?
The film is not perfect, of course - the end did not work quite for me, and some of the scenes between Bulworth and Nina feel forced (although the eclectic dance sequence is fantastic).?
But they are minor baffles on an otherwise shiny film.?
Bulworth is an intelligent and a sensation image at the height that proves to me that political satire can scratch much more deeply than the surface.?