There is a scene at the beginning of the food of the soul, the comedy drama of George Tillman on a large African-American family and the trials they go through during a crisis, which completely took me off guard.
During a wedding, the groom flirts with a little tramp and, in order to prevent a scene, his mother-in-law, played by Irma P.Hall, comes to the rescue.
The way she makes me think of Irma P.Hall is one of the biggest actresses at the moment.
However, this is only a magical moment in a film filled with them.
Vanessa Williams, Vivica Fox and Nia Long are as three sisters who each made their way in life.
Williams is Teri, a successful lawyer, frustrated by her husband Miles, attempted musical career.
Fox is Maxine, the strongest of the sisters, who can be confirmed by the stability of her marriage and the wisdom of his son Ahmad, who tells the film.
Long is Bird, a hairdresser who is the last of the three to get married.
Her husband Lem is an intense passionate individual whose temperament takes the best of him one day but continues to love.
In the center of everything is Irma P.Hall, like Big Mama Jo.
Every Sunday, the family gathers for dinner at Mama Jo's.
There are a lot of conversations, a lot of laughter and the occasional controversy.
Mama Jo presides over the family as all mothers should.
It is severe and disciplined, but also attentive and indulgent.
Everything is fine, until a tragedy falls on Maman Jo.
All of a sudden, a chain reaction of events begins to destroy the family.
It becomes so bad, the Sunday dinner is even canceled.
Without the advice of Mama Jo, there is no one to keep the family together, which frustrates Ahmad.
The marriage of Miles and Maxine begins to collapse, as he focuses on his music and flirts with the annoying faith.
Lem's temperament carries him best when his condemned past begins to catch him.
And Teri tries to prevent Maxine's efforts to sell Mama Jo's house.
The third act of the film deals with Ahmad attempts to repair things.
He decides to take the upper hand where Mama Jo had stopped and tries to bring the family together for a more Sunday dinner.
The game by all overall is exceptional, with special opinions to Irma P.Hall and Brandon Hammond.
Hall gives a performance that deserves to be recognized by the Academy.
Her mother Jo is one of the most memorable characters I have ever met in a film.
Brandon Hammond is an actor with a brilliant future.
It is wise enough not to play cute and shows an admirable range and depth, and speaks the last lines of the film on the perfect note.
Tillman obviously based this film on his own memories of growing up.
Each scene of the film is determined and convincing (except perhaps a strange flashback sequence).
The dialogue is beleivable and funny.
And then there is food.
Tillman gives us several close -ups of the food of the soul, and it indeed looks very tasty.
I can see why Sunday dinners have become such a tradition for this family.
Soul Food is one of the purely entertaining films of the year.