[Note: After having affirmed the opposite, my appetite was indeed sharpened by the hamlet of Kenneth Branagh to seek other attempts to translate Shakespeare in the film in the hope of finding a better mousetrap.
In this case, it did not take long.]]
Is there a more romantic director than Franco Zeffirelli?
Known mainly to the American public as the man behind Romeo and Juliet of 1968 (required for many high school students, and as much as most of them teach Shakespeare), he is also a favorite of the Metropolitan Opera, where his painful creations further onAlready more lush from many Puccini Aria.
Last year, he gave us his beautifully made version of Jane Eyre, one of the twin peaks (with Wuthering Heights) of romantic literature.
It may therefore seem particular that Zeffirelli has ever had an interest in translating Hamlet for the screen.
At first glance, the hamlet is very far from romance.
The hero, although a prince, is depressed, in conflict and confused.
The interest of ostensible love obtains little screen time, and his scenes with his prince are generally as an object of mockery.
The intrigue is full of political intrigue and the players are as cursed as the Atreus house.
It is the genius of Zeffirelli, however, that he is able to expose the romantic nucleus of Hamlet and to give the story sometimes dry an emotional embrace.
In the hands of this Italian master, romance is everywhere - in the cult of a son of his father, in the ties of the deepest friendship, in the private thoughts of young lovers, even in the mystery of castles bythe sea.
After all, the story depends on a ghost, and what could be more romantic than that?
What seemed to be a cheap way to sell tickets at the time was one of everyone's most romantic gestures, namely, hiring the Hollywood song Mel Gibson to play the main role.
Who could believe that the man who made his mark playing Mad Max and a "deadly weapon" (in the series of the same name) would have the skill to succeed in the most famous role in English?
Franco Zeffirelli is who.
And it is obvious in each setting that its instinct was just on money.
What Gibson brings to this role is a naturalness and ease that makes all the history significant, not to mention understandable.
His line readings seem spontaneous rather than repeated.
His movements and gestures (with the exception of his sometimes too active eyes) are completely in line with the character.
It is a hamlet of which we feel the pain, which we sympathize with the struggle and whose death we swear as sincerely as Horatio at the end of the film.
Glenn Close, the other big name of production, is also well by the script and satisfied as a mother of Hamlet, Gertrude - although I must admit that I always try to understand the character as written.
 (Zeffirelli's incestuous interpretation of Hamlet's relationship with his mother does not help.)
Alan Bates makes an incredibly bad Claudius without resorting to the ways of a heavy Hollywood.
Overall, the rest of the distribution works admirably and comfortably.
The cinematography of David Watkin and the partition of Ennio Morricone.
The two support the wonderfully realistic atmosphere (just like sets and costumes), without any overvalued effect that declares "it's important; it's Shakespeare!"
I particularly appreciate that words are often pronounced without any music: the melody of a wonderfully formulated sentence is given.
It may be difficult to call Shakespeare published "final".
And there are certainly a lot of other filmed versions of Hamlet that I have not seen.
But if you have already felt the desire to overcome your fear of the bard, this hamlet is an excellent starting point.