Although it is a beautiful movie film, there is something about Elizabeth ... that
Leave me a little cold, and I think it's something that bothers me quite often in the films, especially these days; I did not care about the characters.
For me, the first and the greatest work of a filmmaker is to create characters (whether imagined or historic as the case can be) that the public gives a mood.
And although Elizabeth works well on several levels, he does not become excellence for this reason.
Elizabeth took place in England in 1554, while Queen Mary, half of Elizabeth's sister and a monarch on the side of MEURE Catholicism.
Before dying, however, she cannot bear to sign a document that would condemn her half-sister to death because of her heretical Protestant beliefs.
Consequently, in great anger in the council, Elizabeth becomes the Queen of England.
The film tells of her rise to power as she fights for a unified church in England and tries to order her personal and political life.
A large part of the film deals with Elizabeth's love for Lord Robert, a mysterious man who pushes his lordship to many women while he continues to proclaim his love for the queen.
There are a lot of NO in her lack of husband, and the political pressures of Spain and France enter the equation.
The problem with the film lies in this as its centerpiece, because love interests are such an element focused on the character.
I did not care much about the characters (maybe apart for Elizabeth who is well played by Blanchett) and therefore I did not have much interest in who would join her in her wedding.
The cast is well completed by the wonderful rush which plays the most faithful advisor of the Queen, Sir Francis, and attent Board as a mainly intentioned but old -fashioned advice.
Why then, you have to ask, do I recommend Elizabeth?
Simply because it is the result of a perfect matching of the director and the director of photography.
Kapur and its director of Remi Adefarasin photography (neither) create a magnificent cinema piece on the technical side.
Light crosses each frame as in any painting of the period and beautifully captures the realistic light sources that would have been found in churches, cellars and castles in the 16th century Europe.
Each frame is rich in contrasting colors with darkness or white light blown from windows.
The costumes of Alexandra Byrne deserve a mention because they are such a reversing aspect of each plan.
Indeed, Elizabeth is one of the most beautiful visually beautiful films of the decade, ranking with Kundun and Braveheart.
Also look at the incredibly sponsor of mass murder scene.
It made me think of similarities between the two films.