It is easy to see why the late Stanley Kubrick thought that Steven Spielberg would be the perfect director for his A.I.
Artificial intelligence, just as it is understandable why Spielberg was attracted to equipment.
Because here, we have another lost boy trying to find his way home, a family looking for pariah, very familiar themes of most of the work of Spielberg of Sugarland Express to close the meetings of the third type with E.T.
In Empire of the Sun to Croch to save the private Ryan, appointing some examples.
A .I. The unroll in the near indefinite future in which giant technological advances have led to the creation of robots which serve all the objectives of the household interview for the achievement of sexual fantasies.
This is a time when robots are treated simply like sophisticated devices.
The latest leap in robotic evolution is the addition of emotions, and with the number of births limited by the government, many couples aspire to children.
And Professor Hobby (William Hurt) has the solution.
A robotic boy named David (Haley Joel Osment), who is programmed to love.
As a test, David is placed with Henry Swinton (Sam Robards) and his wife, Monica (Frances O'Connor).
Their natural born son was cryogenically frozen until healing could be found for his illness.
The first third of A.Je.
Treats from David's life with the Swintons and the way this is changed by the recovery and the return of their son, Martin.
The circumstances force David to be cut off from the swintons.
He is abandoned and alone.
David, strongly influenced by the fairy tale, Pinocchio, believes that if he becomes a real boy, he can revive Monica's love for him.
The second act of the film follows David's search for the blue fairy, which, according to him, can respond to his wish.
During these adventures, he meets and was helped by Gigolo Joe (Jude Law), a robot specializing in sex.
Spielberg is in its superior form in this sequence, offering a brutal "flesh" fair where robots are destroyed via sadistic methods for the fun of paid customers.
This is where Kubrick's influence is strongly felt, because the film explores the fear and mistrust that humans have for robots.
The savagery evokes the images of the end of the director at Clockwork Orange.
At about two hours and 30 minutes, the film is starting to weaken in the last 20 minutes, a sequence that seems most of the Spielbergian with images that seem to be borrowed from narrow meetings.
Everything is very anti-climatic and shocking.
These scenes seem almost superfluous, as from a different film.
One. I am a dark fairy tale that deserves its PG-13 note.
It is a story combining hope and intolerance, sacrifice and fanaticism, and although it does not merge perfectly, the film offers disturbing images.
But A.I.
is really a showcase for actor talents of the incredible young Osment.
If an actor ever deserves an appointment to the Oscars, it is this boy, who brings a feeling of joy and wonder to the role of David, being created in the express goal of love.
He shines when with Monica, radiant with love, as eager as a puppy to please.
After being left in the woods, he is confused, lost, injured, focusing on a goal: to become a real boy and find his way so that he can redeem himself in his mother's eyes.
The law is pleasant as a robot without care that does not really understand David's quest, but is nevertheless happy to help him on his trip.
The most difficult role is probably Monica d'O'Connor.
Playing a fragile emotional woman who considers David as a substitute for her lost Martin, she grew up in conflict after the return of her boy and she begins to perceive David not as a second chance, but as a threat to her family.
She gives her character enough emotional chaos so that you cannot blame her for her action plan.
Many A.I. The futuristic sets are breathtaking, in particular a mainly submerged New York, lost in the world by fusion o F Polar ice caps.
A. I am a defective film, and you cannot go through all the functionality without thinking - even unconsciously - how it would have happened with Kubrick instead of Spielberg behind the camera.
Would it have been darker?
more cynical?
We will never know.
We cannot judge what is in front of us on the screen, a collaboration of two cinematographic giants.
One .je.
is a most interesting and stimulating examination of a future that wins us quickly.