Before you read my review, you should know that I like Woody Allen.
This is a very important note because Allen's films are generally an acquired taste and certainly not for everyone.
I know people who believe it is a complete genius, while others consider it a dirty Ol 'Schnook which continues to make the same film again and again.
I love most of his films, but I will admit that I was quite disappointed with his recent harvest in the 90s.
In fact, why he estimated that the need to make 10 films during these 10 years exceeds me!
If you watch the quality of these films, you will hear what I say.
The only two films I really liked during this period were Broadway balls and husbands and wives.
In fact, I secretly hoped that he would take a little leave at the turn of the millennium, just to relive or something, but it does not seem to be intended to do it.
So I’m once again here, by revising another film Woody Allen and hoping that it has been bringing the Woody since the days.
Land: The year is in 1940 and Woody Allen is a first -rate insurance investigator.
His methods are very old -fashioned and apparently obsolete.
A new employee (Hunt) has just been hired to rationalize operations for greater efficiency.
The two do not love each other.
One night, they are both placed under a hypnotic trance by a magician, and without their knowledge, placed under his control.
Shortly after, jewelry is stolen, words of love are exchanged and everyone is looking for an answer.
Critality: a wonderful recreation of style films from the 1940s, with the spiritual jokes talking quickly between colleagues, a catchy jazz score advancing things, black films such as the Veronica Lake type sexpot, One-LinersGalore and a softness, if a intrigue without consequence.
Lowering, the film actually starts quite slowly, with the first hour which launched only a few laughs, but never really generating flow or regular energy.
The sets, on the other hand, were incredible, the design of production and the costumes were perfect, and the ideal of casting, so I continued to hope that the film would resume and will not turn into another mediocre outing for'man.
But it was not very long to me before being fully committed by the characters, entertained by the many zincs delivered in the back and forth between Allen and Hunt, and really interested in the resolution of the film.
I also appreciated the way Allen played the fine line between tribute to the films of old, parody and real reinvention (note the entire female personality of Theron which is soaked in the film Noir - very cool).
Of course, films like this (with little or no real tension in the plot) need solid actors to keep you interested in rapid dialogue, and again, Allen does a great job by playing hisCharacter, who for once, is not "this typical guy of New York's neurotic Jewish neurotic.
He actually plays a "macho" guy here and manages him fairly well, in particular the scenes in which he is hypnotized.
But the biggest surprise for me in this film was Helen Hunt, an actress that I was openly "sick to see" in the movies at the end of last year (sorry baby, you were just in too much at the same time!).
Anyway, she is really great in this film as a stubborn woman looking for a new era of equality among men, and does not lack a beat of the dialogue at the rapid rhythm of Allen.
I did not care much about his racing joke about him "dying" each time he left a room, but overall, she was really good and I particularly liked the way her sweaters s'hung on her breasts as they did ... yum,
Yum !
Haromph, but I'm getting lost.
So let's summarize.
A superb photo with a beautiful jazzy score, a few funny liners, especially in the second half, a decent plot, although you should not expect a real mystery or anything, and a solid game all around.
I can't say it's even from a distance All the best work of Allen, but I certainly believe that it is a step in the right direction, especially after the decade of films that he has just experienced.
It is probably better suited to fans of Allen more than anyone, but I would always recommend this film for all those who are looking for a cute atmosphere "Old-School", with the chemistry between the tracks, the zipped dialogue and a satisfactory conclusion.
Facts little known on this film and its stars: Annie Hall (10/10) - Celebrity (5/10) - Everyone says that I love you (5/10) - Maris and wives (9/10) - MightyAphrodite (5/10) - Small Time Crooks (7/10) - When Harry met Sally (10/10) - You have a letter (4/10)