Entertainment 2 hours awaits the public in this film in the early 80s.
Sevigny and Beckinsale play Disco Chicks Alice and Charlotte, who are on the lookout for love.
Alice is MOUSY, shy, intellectual, Charlotte is bitch, in progress and fun.
We reach their adventures while they are going through a variety of adventures and men, all in the background of the local nightclub.
Whit Stillman has both written and achieved an interesting and credible story.
Alice and Charlotte are both well written characters, and the actresses who play them are not bad too.
Sevigny offers honest performance and makes the public feel for his character.
Beckinsale plays an extreme slut personified, but his character never becomes completely unmanageable.
The enormous support distribution also plays a role in ensuring that this film is perfectly entertaining.
The dialogue is clear and well written, with many funny decorations.
For example, there is an excellent discussion on Lady & The Tramp by the main characters.
The disco songs playing in the background also ensure that this certainly long film is very fun.
The management is good, bringing out the drama and the comedy in the scenes.
But these are slight faults with the film.
First, although it was supposed to take place in the 80s, the characters are very, very 90.
The way they dress and act have a very feeling of the 90s.
Although male hairstyles are a little 80 years, frankly, the atmosphere of the 80s was simply not transmitted, which is a shame.
In addition, as mentioned above, the film is too long and some pieces are lagging behind.
The charm of the characters helps these moments, but generally edition could be a little tighter.
The intrigue is also lateral in an idiotic bust of cocaine, which seemed out of the point of this film.
Finally, they are almost too many characters in the film, and despite the operating time, the film never spends enough time for them.
Some characters are very light, which is a shame.
The conclusion, although funny, is also surprisingly weak, and certainly not strong enough.
But despite these scruples, the last days of disco are a funny and warm film, which is certainly worth seeing, and is an appropriate tribute to the disco era of the 80s.
is worth a look.
Global note =
David Wilcock review? 1998
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes