I'm not sure what to say about the March attacks!, Which is obviously the work of a disturbed genius.
When the comedy Twisted Alien Invasion of Tim Burton really works, it is breathtaking and hilarious in an equal measure.
And when it doesn't work, it's just dull.
I am not even sure that it works more often than what it does not do, but where it matters-that is to say when this happily evasive pervasive force of the red planet begins to make us explodeIn the kingdom - Mars attacks!
is great.
Mars attack!
is based on a series of rather uncompromising trade cards published by Topps in the 1950s, and he took his clues in the same sources as the day of independence of this summer - old extraterrestrial invasion films, filmscatastrophic and special large budget extravagances.
But unlike the day of independence, which was a painfully attraction in the middle of the road for hearts, spirits and portfolios in America, Mars attacks!
has a fully developed and very personal feeling of wonder on this subject.
The big difference is that, while independence day celebrated the resilience of human beings, Mars attacks!
We portray like the gourmet and unhappy schmucks that we are.
The title sequence is simply splendid - an incredible swarm of flying saucers rises from the channels of the red planet, then associates with the earth through the solar system in formation.
The rotating metal saucers are ringing stories for the invasive forces of past films, and their first appearance on the big screen in combination with the thunder of Danny Elfman, the partition of Theremin is absolutely breathtaking.
It's so overwhelming that, I swear, I had trouble breathing.
The film is low for the next 40 minutes.
We have an overview of the extraterrestrial leader, resplendent in a purple course, when a television message is broadcast to the inhabitants of the world - of course, the only way to communicate with the earthworks is to pre -empt our regularly programmed programming.
But above all, the first act went to develop characters, to set up slightly comical situations and to draw an original but dull image of America according to Tim Burton.
It is a good thing that the most convincing personality of the film belongs to the extraterrestrials, because Burton is simply not interested in doing more than caricatures of his human stars.
Anyone who comes to Mars attack!
Benefiting to see a lot of a favorite actor is necessarily disappointed - with a few exceptions, these characters are sent as the film progresses.
Jack Nicholson is very fun as president of the United States, but sparkles as a Las Vegas Hotel Hotel Developer .rod Steiger makes a funny version of Dr.Buck Turgidson of Strangelove, Glenn Close brings a star power to the starRole of the First Lady, and Martin Short is a presidential assistant who meets the Martians in the "Room Kennedy" of the White House, an isolated corner where he involuntarily tries to seduce a dressed extraterrestrial as long as sexpot with big and pointed hair (LisaMarie, the flame of Burton who played Vampira in Ed Wood) - In a previous scene, it is clear that the extraterrestrials have studied human sexuality in the pages of an old Playboy issue.
Sarah Jessica Parker is organizing her own television program and Michael J.Fox is her husband the journalist.
The octogenarian Sylvia Sidney has a funny role as a sneering old woman, "they exploded the congress!"
And plays a decisive role in defeat the extraterrestrial threat.
Jim Brown and Tom Jones are the heroes based in the film of the film, and the director Barbet Schroeder (reversal of fortune) has a funny cameo as unfortunate French president.
Annette Bening, Pierce Brosnan, Pam Grier, Lukas Haas and Natalie Portman (the last two are also underused.
The real stars, of course, are the Martians generated by computer, and they are fantastic.
With sparkling naked brains at the top of their smile skull, round eggs with a red pupil S Darting in this way and that, these animated invaders are embodied evilness - the Gremlins of Joe Dante are the equivalent closest to recent memory, but the little monsters of Burton are more inventive.
The raison d'être in the film is the scenes of crimes against humanity - the most famous monuments in the world collapse under the extraterrestrial assault, the Easter Island is transformed into a bowling alley, and the unpleasant little buggershideous medical experiences on captured humans.
The level of chaos is amazing, especially when the extraterrestrials make their first attack, exploding human beings in iridescent skeletons.
Parents are invited to pay particular attention to the PG -13 note - she is won.
The special effects vary from charming to surprisingly to deliciously cheesy, and at least a few massive destruction appears to have been designed specifically in response to the day of independence, although Mars attacks!
was in production long before the release of this film.
The director of photography Peter Suschitzky, who draws the best party from the extremely imaginative production of Wynn Thomas (Thomas helped define the Spike Lee style), actually took leave of his Mars attacks!
Diet to draw an accident for David Cronenberg.
The Cronenberg film will be almost certainly darker - it will not be released in the U.S. Just at the beginning of next year - but Mars attack!
is surely an equally elegant nightmare.
It is not a nice film.
 (And which studio director was due to give Burton $ 70 million to do so?)
By establishing the final scenes of the film in almost empty America and ravaged by the Holocaust that the day of independence avoided practically, the Burton invasion epic suggests that the world we have perhaps not worthNo need to be saved as long as many people on this subject have died.
The victims of his invasion are naive, gourmet or disastrously self -absorbed - and a good thing too, because the nasty charm of the film depends on our ability to take this invasion in part as a wishes filling fantasy.
Surviving distribution members are innocent and artists, who triumph by determining that extraterrestrial invaders - ultimate elitists - are in fact sensitive to the most kitsch strains of American pop culture.
In the end, this disorderly masterpiece is the funniest comedy of the year and a strange and flashing affirmation of the power of the people.