What do you get when you combine without any idea and stupid and stupid?
To answer the question, you get the new comedy by director David Mirkin Romy and Michele's High School Réunion.
Romy White (Mira Sorvino, Mighty APRHODITE) and Michele Weinberger (Lisa Kudrow, Friends of TV) have been inseparable friends since they have graduated from Sagebrush High in 1987.
However, when the former classmate Heather Mooney (Janeane Garafolo, the truth about cats and dogs) confronts Romy about the 10 -year meeting, she is surprised that she forgot.
Looking at the pretty woman for the UM vehicle, they remember how they would not leave the character shop of Julia Roberts in stores dear because of her appearance.
Then it strikes them: they do not succeed.
What are she and Michele going to do?
Romy's instant solution is to lose weight of their already thin frames, "boot some boyfriends" and get jobs.
Romy says it will be easy, but Michele retorts that if it is so easy, why had they not already done it.
Robin Schiff's script keeps the show in motion with beautiful liners.
One of the best in Romy remembers the battle of his life against the bathroom scales.
 "I was so lucky to become mono," she said, looking at her thiniest photo in the school.
 "It was like the best diet of all time."
The casting of the film is so perfect that we begin to suspect that the tracks were chosen, then the script was developed.
Romy and Michele use their high school directory to discuss the castes system of their high school.
The editor -in -chief of the film, David Finfer, dissolves the fixed images of the directory to live action flashbacks, which gives life to the past.
In Sagebrush High, the hierarchy consisted of group A (Pom-Pom Girls), group B (Drama Club) and group C (Nerds).
Romy and Michele were not the above.
Ridiculized as "the bizarre", they were constant targets for abuse.
Even if they were quite attractive, they had so much fun being together that they did not care about others.
The fact that they make their own bizarre clothes helped keep the wall around them.
Janeane Garofalo is supplemented by Romy and Michele, Michele's lightness is the dark and plug -in grass.
Heather, who invented a new cigarette paper for cigarettes with "Twice the Taste in half time for the girl on the go", has the success and the money they would like.
Heather was even more a stranger than in high school.
Garofalo's unidimensional role is just a parallel show.
It is a film of two people with the other characters there simply for the two lead to bounce their lines.
The real chemistry between Sorvino and Kudrow makes a sweet and sometimes touching comedy.
They have so much fun acting their parts, their pleasure spreads to the public.
 ,,