There is a striking scene at the start of "City of Angels", where all the angels who live invisible among us, come together at the beach to look at the sun.
The camera moves above them, showing the endless rows of ethereal men and women, all dressed in black.
Then the camera moves on Seth's face, an angel played by Nicolas Cage, and as the sun rises, he smiles and his whole face lights up.
You see, the angels can hear music at sunrise and sunsets, but they cannot feel a human touch.
It is an important scene for several reasons.
First of all, it is one of the many cases of the film that makes the angels that seem completely plausible.
The film presents these fantastic beings as people of normal aspect who derive from the inhabitants of the earth, looking at what is happening with little interference.
There is none of the standard Hokey Angel references used in recent films like "Angels in the Outfield" (1994) or "Michael" (1996).
The angels here are austere and credible.
This first scene on the beach is also an important scene of juxtaposition, for his shows how the angels of God can take advantage of the aspects of the earth that man cannot, and yet they are refused so many simple human pleasures, asFeel the sand on their feet or the waves that clapped on their legs, or the smell of salt in the air.
There is an inherent tragedy to be an angel, although there is also a lot of beauty.
They walk forever on earth, listening to our thoughts, touching us in our pain and leading the dying in paradise.
Like human existence, being an angel is often confused and uncertain.
 "City of Angels" is essentially a love story, between Seth and a human, a beautiful but sad surgeon named Maggie (Meg Ryan).
He sees her first when he is in his operating room, waiting to direct the soul of his dying patient in paradise.
Maggie is upset, doing everything in his power to prevent man from dying on his table, and Seth is moved by his efforts and, more importantly, his overwhelming sadness when the patient dies.
The angels have the limited power to appease humans in time of misery and pain, and Seth does what he can with his invisible touch, but it is not enough.
He wants to be with her and share her pain, not just taking a step back.
He learns that the only way to achieve his desire for love and human contact is to "fall" and become human.
He learns this from another fallen angel, played by Dennis Franz ("n. Y. P. D.
Blue ") in a touching and humorous performance.
Sitting in a restaurant together, Franz tells the character of cage how wonderful it is human - to be able to taste food, feel the skin of another person, feel the air and, above all, have a womanand loving children.
Of course, there is pain to accompany it all, but for Seth, it will be worth it.
 "City of Angels" is a reinterpretation of the obsessive film by Wim Wender "Wings of Desire" by Wim Wender.
Wenders' film was more like a poem - it was the feeling, the emotion that really counts on what really happened.
The Americanized version moves the location of Berlin divided to Broken Los Angeles, and the emphasis is placed on the relationship between the Immortal Angel and the Mortal Human.
And, unlike most foreign films that are redone in Hollywood dishes, it does not undergo significant damage.
This may be due to the fact that the director Brad Silberling ("Casper") and the screenwriter Dana Stevens ("Blink") wanted to make "City of Angels" his own film - inspired by "Wings of Desire", but not an attemptto copy it.
And yet, "City of Angels" is not a typical Hollywood film.
It is beautifully filmed in lush colors by the director of photography John Seale ("The English patient"), whose aerial photos and golden lighting make Los Angeles an almost unrecognizable world.
Seale creates many striking visuals: in addition to the beach scene, there is a wonderful S EQUENCE in a circular library where all angels appear at Banisters all around, looking at Seth while he watches Maggie pass.
While the film moves along a graphic intrigue, it takes time to develop its characters and its situations; it highlights the limits between what is earthly and what is celestial, and shows how these limitsare thin.
Cage and Ryan both give moving and a soft voice.
Ryan, who is generally also bouncing and energetic, really embodies a sadness that can only be attenuated by a celestial touch.
Cage projects all his desire and his desire to be human in simple and sincere looks and speaks with the comforting voice and knowing that only an angel could have.
What is the most striking about "City of Angels" is that Stevens added a new end to the scenario, which is both unexpected and difficult.
It is not an end formula in Hollywood, because it is both sad and edifying at the same time.
This does not give the public what he thinks he wants at the end of a romance.
Instead, it offers something much better, something that talks about the depths of what human and living being means.
_________________________________________.
An eclectic collection of film reviews by James Kendrick http: // www.bigfoot.com / ~ jimkendrick
|| E-mail: jimkendrick @ bigfoot.com