"The Fugitive" is probably one of the greatest thrillers ever made.
We need realistic and credible characters and tells an exciting story that is completely credible throughout.
It is not an exaggerated action film for the concern for action, it is a story of intelligent adventure with a real sense of mystery and it works perfectly.
Harrison Ford plays the role of Dr. Richard Kimble, a man wrongly accused and found guilty of having murdered his wife.
The whole premise of history revolves around this murder, but is not told in a simple way.
We constantly see flashbacks on the murder from Kimble's point of view.
Advice is abandoned from various moments of the night, Kimble's wife, Helen (Sela Ward) has been murdered.
We do not see who the killer is before much further in history.
In fact, we could even have a little doubt about Kimble's innocence ourselves.
The film does not spend much time on the details of the trial and the conviction of Kimble, because it is not the purpose of the story.
One of the largest action scenes follows while we get an attempt to escape from his detained colleagues who lead to a fantastic train wreck.
But it does not seem at all free or formulated, it is actually full of suspense to look.
This film is so incredible because it is able to take elements like these and make them completely original and credible.
Tommy Lee Jones almost steals the show as deputy Sam Gerard, a U.S.Marshall who is an expert in fugitive hunting.
From the moment it seems, we know that a huge cat and mouse game is about to occur.
Kimble and Gerard are also matching because there is no way to say how one will thwart the other.
Most of the film deals with the complex investigation of Richard as he tries to find the man with an arm that killed his wife.
Ford does not have a lot of lines here, so it's the Stuart and Twohy script and the exceptional direction of Davis that make the film as great as it is.
The simple fact of looking at Richard using his intelligence and his minds, disguising himself and doing his own detective work is very interesting.
We know as little as he explains why his wife was killed, when he learns more.
Meanwhile, Gerard and his staff use all their skills to track him down.
At one point, they meet and a great pursuit follows, but Richard is simply too smart for them.
He leaves clues to Gerard to show his innocence and help him solve the mystery.
One of the greatest charms in the film is its sense of humor.
There is a great feeling of camaraderie between Gerard and his two closest deputies Cosmo rein (Pantoliano) and Biggs (Roebuck).
They try to catch what they believe to be a dangerous murderer, but they are constantly starting with small discussions with each other, making Wisecracks and funny liners, but not in a distracting way.
The final act ends with another formidable prosecution.
Richard discovers who is the killer and confronts him, and although we obtain a typical combat scene, the case is far from being resolved.
The man who ordered murder has always been under our nose, and we do not do it before the end when Richard and Gerard put the pieces together.
Maybe the scene is a little too much, but it always has a credible atmosphere.
We are so relieved when justice is done.
It is not the intrigue that makes "the fugitive" brilliant, these are all the movements that the characters are going through to make an intriguing story.
Watch a man apparently average cross as much as that is what makes the film so adventurous.
If only Hollywood could produce more films like this.
 (31/10/96) (1/29/97) (13/06/97) [See also: "Nick of Time"]