The seasoned capture. Dudley Smith (James Cromwell) questions his new protégé, Ed Exley (Guy Pearce) about his political opinions with regard to police work.
 "Do you want to plant evidence to obtain a conviction if you knew that the person was guilty?"
Do you want to shoot a man in the back if you knew that it was the only way to make sure he got what he deserved? "
Exley, grumpy, innocent and repressed with the desire to exercise its new functions with integrity and honesty responds quickly with a pointed "no". '
Stupid, Smith pleads, "then, for the love of God, don't be a detective."
The Confidential is a piece of Dandy cinema that brings us back to the classic Hollywood era in the 1950s.
Organized crime was the greatest concern, corruption existed everywhere and each cop had its own way of doing the work.
There was "Hollywood" Jack Vincennes (Kevin Spacey) who obtained most of his information from the editor-in-chief of a Tabloid Sleazy Tell / show, Sid Hudgeons (Danny Devito).
Shipping dark sunglasses and a layer of white sport, he is not afraid to flash his Tinseltown style.
The detective Bud White (Russell Crowe) has only a narrow vision of the law, and he uses excessive force to demand his unique type of interrogation and brutal justice.
And then there is Golden Boy Exley, with wide and ambitious but extremely naive eyes.
A horrible multiple murder begins to bring these three men together, each of those who become inexorably linked in their search for truth, action and personal justification.
Almost immediately, an arrest is made.
But something does not seem quite correct.
The new developments become winding while history begins to deepen us in the labyrinth of corruption and crime within the department.
Suspicions and questions are starting to rise.
Strange alliances are created.
And as the strata of truth are revealed, history becomes more complex and intriguing at the moment.
When the mystery develops, we see other apparently guilty characters entering the lives of these three cops, including a high price (Kim Basinger) and a shaded millionaire (David Strathairn).
Not all levels of character involvement are not immediately clear.
We look with a riveted fascination to find out more about the reasons why they are there and their participation in the case.
We feel a cross pollination of clues that bring us closer, the public, closer to the truth.
We hope that the three detectives will be able to throw their wickedness for each other and to bring together their resources in order to disentangle the mystery network created in a complex way.
Absorbent and affecting, this film has all the ingredients necessary to create a formidable gastronomic portion of film noir.
He has mysterious personalities of control, double crosses, difficult information of shady sources, dirty politicians, corrupt cops, haunting women and hard nose with moral ambiguity.
The underlying mystery is convincing.
The appearance and feeling of the film are magnificent.
The whole casting is clear and wonderful to look at (I would not be surprised if Cromwell received an Oscar appointment for its performance).
And, the dialogue is rich and memorable.
The best line in the film is spoken when a key player provides advice to one of the detectives who do not know what to do.
 "Don't start trying to do the right thing, boy-o," he said.
 "You did not have the practice."
 "L