Imagine this scenario: you and one of the members of your family launch through one of these long car trips across the country, far from the city and in deserted rural roads.
So far, the trip is idyllic when, suddenly, your car works malfunction and you are blocked in the middle of nowhere.
It is not an easy situation, but a perfectly plausible situation, the panorama in which the failure brings together its thrilling suspense and its skillfully executed tension.
It is not easy to tinker with a distinct and captivating thriller nowadays, but the breakup did not go into rudimentary holes or shots and it draws a masterful and titillating point by its final, invades a spectator with total absorption.
The intrigue somewhat reminded The Vanishing in 1988.
Kurt Russell and Kathleen Quinlan play Jeff and Amy Taylor, a Massachusetts couple on the way to California for a whole new job, respectively.
When they stop for gas somewhere in the arid southwest, Jeff is confronted with a pugnacious driver, who will later be an important player in the intrigue department.
A few minutes later, their brand new, their Jeep Grand Cherokee, strikingly, stops unexpectedly.
Jeff cannot detect the car problem, so it allows AMY to take a look with Red (J.
T Walsh), an attentive truck driver who transmitted her to the nearest city, where Jeff will meet her in a local restaurant.
It is easy that the film turns into a pseudo-subsener, but it opts instead for maximum fervor.
Jeff manages to restart the car itself, but when he arrives at the restaurant, she is nowhere in sight.
Disconcert, the coffee bartender informs Jeff where to look for his wife, a city about twenty kilometers from here.
There, troubles occur.
And I will not reveal anything else, because it would spoil the pleasure of what is the head.
There are a lot of tight and tight scenes, but the final climatic period which includes a magnificent prosecution with three cars and a huge truck, will give you the impression that your legs are made of pure foam.
It is a pleasure to be part of a classic confrontation of good against evil, and to root the good, in this case Jeff.
Kurt Russell is one of the few first -rate Hollywood players who is not blowing on his game and gradually relaxes in his role as he progresses.
You can therefore assume that its modification of the rupture is perfect.
It is enough to say that he undergoes a transformation, from a joyful man to a guy who frantically pursues a loved one.
Few well -paid players can deliver this type of performance, but Russell is one of them.
As an everyday man, he succeeded in an extremely convincing way, which also surprised me, it was his rigorous physique, which he practices effectively almost throughout the films 93 minutes.
Although the film is erased with some alleged action sequences (very well made), the tender is generated by the subtle circumstances that this man is presented.
Faced with an enigma on the place where his wife is located, the film succeeds by transmitting us in a realistic territory with real characters, including the wicked cryptics, which, in substance, make the film what it is about.
What is the most impressive, however, is the first feature film by the writer / director Jonathan Mostow.
Mostow, so far led the flight of Thriller Showtime from a black angle, attenuates the artifices and generics of the script by causing the trajectory of the plot with great leaving the tone and the mood of the history generatedThis suspense biting with the nail sought in a well -made unaffect.
Unlike most American thrillers, it does not count on visual flair, but on aesthetics and substance.
After the breakup, he should gain great notoriety.
The nasty of the film are not your idiosyncratic psychosyncratic routine which harm no particular objective.
The wicked down, all well played, are normal, apparently Harmless city dwellers who under their trustworthy layer lead a amoral enterprise of corruption and murder.
The film intelligently portrays these men as repugnant Rednecks, and, from all things in the world, it becomes quite easy to tell the bad guys (Jon Voight in Anaconda) in today's films.
BUT A Special Mention is J.T WALSH (who previously worked with Kurt Russell in the executive decision) as a gang leader, he makes a deliciously nasty performance, temporarily emerging from minor roles for which he is known.
Alfred Hitchcock used the suspense - and the action - not only to stimulate, but as a means of helping the fascination of its audience in its stories, which slowly achieved the greatest fears of man.
The breakdown gives exactly that.
He draws beautifully from the psyche of an ordinary man, acting as an ordinary man, resembling an ordinary and a kind of superhero.
Despite one or two stressed moments, even Hitchcock, I think, would approve of the break.
 (1: 33)