Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
Like his own opening blow, from the outside of the nights of Boogie of Darkness explodes triumphantly on the scene of the film with an amazing authority and clarity, advisingly announcing his Paul Thomas Anderson helmet as a major talent in good faith.
A sprawling epic set at the heart of the disco era and focuses on the ascent and the decline of a troop in the adult film industry, Boogie Nights is an incredibly ambitious feature film which is completely effective both like a joyridecompletely entertaining and as an impressive fascinating moviemoke.
The film follows a young man with a soft voice, Eddie Adams (Mark Wahlberg) of Torrance, through his enthronement in the activity of the erotic image to celebrity, and later, to a harrisque drop.
While the nights of Boogie open, it launches as a dishwasher in a trendy nightclub of the San Fernando valley and living at the house under the thumb of a tyrannical mother who denigrates him on every occasion.
Recruited by Patherly Jack Horner (a Burt Reynolds Rajenis), a successful porn filmmaker, Eddie abandons his old life in favor of a new one as Dirk Diggler, Pornstar.
Embraged with all my heart by Jack's troop, including maternal amber waves (Julianne Moore), Reed Rothchild (John Cle high of his field, making her mantra to be a "big brilliant star".
His lack of discipline, however, encourages a chain of circumstances that sees Dirk and his friends collapse while a new decade is inaugurated.
The element of the nights of Boogie which literally attracts attention is the direction of Bravura de Mr.anderson, whose fascination and prowess of the camera are obvious.
From the great follow -up plan throughout a nightclub that opens the film and presents the players to the light sequence of the camera follows a fierce plunging into a swimming pool, Mr. Anderson's accomplished command of the camera is withoutno doubt.
While the novice directors often demonstrate an unfortunate lack of restraint in terms of flamboyant camera work which is ultimately aggravated, sassy and self-felicer (example in point: Marc Rocco of the unforgettable night of Mark Rocco in theFirst), in Boogie Nights de Boogie de Toutzoom or Pan by MR.anderson, whether slow and deliberate or energetically clear, is determined and powerful.
It is a rarity and a pleasure to discover a work also with complete confidence assured so early in the career of a filmmaker - Boogie Nights is only his second feature film, following his first feature film earlier thisYear, Hard Eight - And although he is somewhat derived (his style of narration recalls Robert Altman, while in terms of visuals, he is clearly influenced by Martin Scorsese), at least he borrows from some of the best, andIt is quite effective in the context of this film.
While Boogie Nights is surprisingly polite from a technical point of view, in terms of pure entertainment value, he is also very fun, with a sense of humor without dead end.
The film perfectly captures the essence of the disco period in terms of music, clothes, hairstyles, dance, idioms and culture, helped immeasurably by an impeccable production design by Bob Ziembicki and the design of costumes by MarkBridges, and Boogie Nights catapults the public's back convincingly the back audit at this recent period of pre-aid in American history where inhibited and free lifestyles abounded.
While a large part of the humor of the film relates to forgetting the aspects now extinct from their lives, then prevailing in society - an excellent example is the demo of the seller Buck Swope of a stereo system with a bandeight tracks and potential customer invitutun to get "Freaky Deaky" with music - it's E Released with an underlying current not ridiculous, but of a melancholy reminiscence, and some the elements of return of the film are strangely wonderful.
A giant disc dance production number in a nightclub is funny, of course, but strangely magical, and the sequence that explores with love the bedroom of Eddie / Dirk, completely decorated with posters and elements of emblematic figuresfrom the 1970s (Farrah Fawcett, Cheryl Tiegs, Brucelee) is breathtaking.
Supported by a well -selected collection of vintage music (which all came directly from the personal collection of Mr. Anderson), there is a clear affection for the time of Boogie Nights.
It is the aspect of the period and comic nostaligism at the game of Boogie Nights which was played in its marketing campaign in the deference of the pornography element of the scenario; the promotional trailer of the film considerably avoids any explicit referenceto the adult film industry which unites its characters.
After the debacle with the 1996 Milos Forman film, The People vs.
Larry Flynt, Another Finely-Crafted Work Which Was Knocked Off The Market Prematurely Due To Controversy Regarding Its Pornography-Related Storyline, The New Line Marketing Team Faced A Unique Challenge With Boogie Nights in Terms of Attempting to Deemphasize The Relatively Risk Picture'History in order to increase the Salability to the general public.
However, while Boogie Nights plunges into the world of adult film industry two decades ago, it is hardly a lurid or maritime film - given the subject, there is very little nudity, and practically nothingAll this cannot be interpreted as free -and Boogie Nights intelligently represents erotic cinema not as a home of coastalism, but simply as a business.
The glimpses on the sets of the shooting of Jack Horner reveal that even if the films he makes aim to tickle, there is a fact of doing a frank problem in terms of sex; his casting and his crew are professionals who simply doA job, and it is refreshing that the obvious clichés of depravity and sinful struggle often linked to disdainful portraits of adult cinema, such as coercion or debauchery, are avoided.
If anything, Boogie Nights is more interested in the adult cinema process than adult films themselves.
Jack Horner's dream is honorable - he truly aspires to make a great film - and to a certain extent, Boogie Nights recalls Ed Wood (although lacking in a certain melancholic innocence).
In the two films, the world of small budget cinema Quickie is explored, and Jack Horner and the version of Ed Wood by Tim Burton, Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski share similar mentalities - the replica of Jack de "There areShadows in the light, baby "to the complaint of his director of photography regarding bad lighting, he echoes Ed Wood" It is not small details, it is an overall view! "
The diatribe when it is stressed that its set cemetery for plan 9 of the external space seems clearly false.
In Boogie Nights and Ed Wood, the aspirations of respective filmmakers prove to be destroyed, not in their intentions - there is nothing stupid in order to make an erotic `` artistic 'brand.
Like the ed Wood lacing humor, the laughter involving Jack Horner are double -edged; after seeing a hilarious extract from one of his last films that hybrid the genres James Bond and Porn, when Jack breathes "is theBest work I have ever done "is really funny, but given its total sincerity, also has a sadness shade.
M .Anderson is at this stage clearly a greater talent as a director than a screenwriter.
Although Boogie Nights shows great inventiveness in the staging, there is really no intelligent dialogue in the film, although a valid point can certainly be supported that none of the characters in the film lends itself particularly toreflected verbal exchanges; when a disadvantage Iders that the protagonist of the film * * literally does not say a single insightful thing throughout the duration of the 152-minute race, it is not surprising why waste game "how much can you be a bench?"
The jokes between Dirk and Reed are one of the best exchanges in the film.
And while MR.anderson creates a rich collection of fascinating characters, it is problematic that some of the sons given to the characters in the film are simply expired equipment - the battle of the child care of Julianne Moore is pretty cliché stuff, betterAdapted to a less risky and inspired television film version the story of his character, and much less interesting than the thread dealing with his cinema ambitions Terribly Hackney.
However, even if he does not always know what to do with his characters, Mr.Anderson certainly captures their essences, and his affection resolutely non -judgmentation for them is contagious - erroneous, even for no purpose, desperately naive, self -destructive, unbearable: Iloved all the same.
In any case, it is difficult to choose nits with a scenario that contains one of the most daring and most inspired (and ultimately executed) scenes of the year: a scene where Dirk Diggler and Reed Rothchild areDriven by their online comparison loose home of the drug baron Rahad Jackson (an Alfred Molina fascinating in an unforgettable performance, even if it is a small) in a suicidal drug scam, only to see that the millionaireis a crazy eccentric (the part he stops granting the crescendo of the "Christian sister" of Night Ranger on his stereo system is a pure shine) flanked by an armed bodyguard.
If this scene was not already sufficient with these elements, Mr. Anderson presents a Chinese boy who walks through the scene, who, without discernible reason, throws firecrackers in the play, pushing the scene to a new surreal level ofDelicious dizzy.
There are other interesting touches in the nights of Boogie.
M .Anderson recycles the use of long methodical cares on the soundtrack of Hard Eight; here, he accompanies the sequences interspersed violent which describe the prostration of various characters with a frightening effect.
Likewise, a painful scene where the crew member Scotty J (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is based in tears in the driver's seat, sobbing "I am so stupid" after being pushed by Dirk after an awkward but sincere advanceExactly as a subsequent Unscène with Dirk in the driver's seat after a particularly tumultuous and traumatic evening.
Boogie Nights is extremely well sunk, and each of the actors gets up on occasion; the overall molding is uniformly good.
While most of the actor distinctions will undoubtedly go to Mr.wahlberg (making on the sparks of promise that he has demonstrated in some of his previous films) and Mr.reynolds (formidable as a paternal figure and stable anchorFrom the film, sound true in all respects), a handful of other performances which could otherwise be neglected.
M .reilly demonstrates this here, as he did for a brief overview of the Georgia of Ulu Grosbard, a real ability to comedy - many of his scenes in the nights of Boogie are among the funniest in the film.
I do not know how much his performance as Reed has been scripted and how much was made on site, but he plays the second banana character par excellence to a tee.
M.Reilly is the best part of the large disco dance production number, and it is funny to look at your reed to join Dirk after threatening the new stud on the block during a macho altercation.
The price of admission alone is the packaging of his arrival in the recording studio while the character of Dirk poses a Demon Demonstration "You Got The Got The Got The Got The Got The Got The GotThe GOT THE GOT. TOGE "In a vain attempted musical career.
M .reilly plays his vacant character w With a total conviction which is convincing and effective.
Ms .graham, with her long dirty blond hair, her innocent behavior and her huge hazel eyes, looks like a Disney animated heroine come to life - or in this case, a Disney animated heroine who came to life, made a bad turn andNo more the new lot in a film focused on the film industry in the 70s / early 80s.
Therefore, it is a little incongruous to see this starlet with a sweet and joyful face whistling on the whole on her roller skates, but in a scene where she lounges in a limousine roaming the streets, the red lipstick grayvenezYou, all that we can do is to gloquist.
Her role in the film unfortunately needs more leaflets (Err - in a figurative sense) - it is essentially a glorified supplement - but it marks impressively in its key scene which is disturbing in its pure primary ferocity.
 (If only Mr Anderson had filmed the scene so that we can really see the expression of rage and anxiety on his face, however!)
And a edifying story for strict and prude: as adolescents, Ms. Graham's parents have forbidden him to participate in the conventional cultivated heathers twisted; since then, his most notable roles have been as a drug addict (cowboyFrom the pharmacy of Gus Van Sant) and now a porn star.
Take your own conclusions.
Perhaps the most touching performance in Boogie Nights is perhaps that of Mr. Cheadle, who lends dignity to his role as a character in search of his identity, and whose quest is comically manifested by a series of changes inHis sense of fashion.
His relationship with his new wife joyfully united Jessie St. Vincent (an interesting Melora Walters) is entirely convincing has a real sweetness, and although her general desire to accept others is perceptible, it is not more than in the sceneBanking where her loan request to open a stereo store is rejected due to its history of the porn industry.
Although the scenario is familiar, the look injured in the eyes of Cheadle makes the scene unforgettable.
The most famous work of Luis Guzman is perhaps in the way of Carlito de Brian de Palma, and here he plays a variation on the same character: Maurice T.rodriguez is an unhappy but good humor who is a hangerTo the Jack group, disintegrating in the clique and constantly tracking Jack, with little disguise made of his despair, for some in one of his erotic images.
The possible acquiescence of Jack at the request of Mauritius leads to one of the biggest comic gains in Boogie Nights.
Boogie Nights is an astonishing achievement due to the virtuoso management of Mr. Anderson, who immediately affirms his presence in the film industry as a presence to note with this work.
Drawing a good balance between humor and drama, and exceptionally well designed, there is no doubt that Boogie Nights is among the best films of the year.