Well, I will be damned ...
Canadians can make a good film.
The world is coming to an end.
We do not know why or how, but apparently there is no way to stop it.
The world has had this information for months because most riots and other matching chaos have passed and governments have closed operations.
However, for a handful of Toronto citizens, life continues.
They don't go crazy or do not attack people on the streets.
Instead, they just prepare at the end ...
Some engaging in activities they have always wanted to do, some gathering with family and friends, and others who seek to be alone.
The life of these people meets themselves for their last six hours.
The writer-director-star Don McKellar has designed a very unique and emotional film.
All the main characters are convincing while trying to do everything they have to do during their last night on earth.
Craig (Callum Keith Rennie) tries to make all his sexual fantasies, an employee of the gas company (David Cronenberg) calls each client by letting them know that the gas will flow until the end and thank their business, and Patrick (McKellar) Just just be alone but is not much successful.
Even the minor characters continue to arise where you expect the least to what they do, tie everyone even closer.
Things seemed a little hokey to the start of the film, but ultimately everything is well (although it is not a happy film ...
Certain moments are naturally heartbreaking).
The story is improved by unexpected humor and very realistic performances, in particular Sandra Oh, whose character is just trying to go home before the end.
I have absolutely no problem that the reason for the end of the world is never given, and I don't mind that the world ends at exactly 12 midnight (in Toronto anyway).
But I wonder why the sun never sets.
Come in midnight, the sun is still shining strongly.
Maybe the sun crashes on earth ...
who knows .
In addition, it is comforting to know that in the last moments of humanity on the planet, people always come together in the street in order to repel a car or a bus (it is not a film to filmthis film.
I know that people are simply stupid and that would really be on the street to switch to cars).
Last night, was available on DVD in Universal Home Video.
It contains the film in full screen format and includes the original theatrical trailer.
[R]