If there is one thing in common in all the main Hollywood studios, it is that their productions are increasingly moving towards the dominant current.
Although Twentieth Century Fox and New Line Cinema have generated subsidiaries that specialize in independent or controversial films (Fox Searchlight and Fine Line respectively), it is obvious that there is no significant movement to promote inventive ideasat the theatre.
So, when a film like Pleasingville by Gary Ross arrives, wrapped in a cover of innovative ideas and served on a fine production set, it is a welcome change of rhythm for all those who frequent the cineplexes.
Although the atmosphere and the buzz on the film are joyers and light, Pleasantville should not be confused with a film without reflection.
Quite the opposite is true, in fact, because the director Ross skillfully brings a story with intense and intelligent shades on the screen.
History, both on the joys of living life as much as possible and social ills of segregation, captures the essence of the manufacture of cinema.
Not in recent memory, a film has carried such theme weight in a large -scale distribution, and even if the mass audience did not see the ingenuity of Ross work, it is always a will that its image was consideredas sufficiently worthy.
Congratulations to him and his production staff for having set up this beautiful photo.
He features Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon as two teenagers from the 90s who, through a lot of luck, find themselves zapped in a sitcom in the 1950s called "Pleasantville".
Maguire, like the reserved Bud Parker, is perfect for the pseudo-world; but the rebel Mary Sue (Witherspoon) is not at all made for the best moments of the father.
It takes long before putting the city of Pleasantville out and starting to teach city dwellers - in a fairly improbable way - which life is * really *.
Soon, colored shades slip into the black and white world, and although some kiss change in the passion of realism, others fear strangeness.
At one end is a soda work owner who has become a painter named Mr. Johnson (Jeff Daniels) and at the other end is a mayor (J. T.
Walsh) and his Chamber of Commerce; but the two parties are simply fronts for a shock of ideas which soon imply the whole city.
Great performances are completely transformed.
Maguire and Witherspoon are effective like the tracks, but the real complements go to Jeff Daniels and J.T.
Walsh (in his last and last posthumous performance).
Daniels brings an atmosphere of fear, inspiration and hope to his character, while Walsh simply flows from sinister next to lightness - almost to the point where you can feel the desire for Gene Hackman.
For Daniels, it is his most laudable performance of the last three years - or more - and for Walsh, it is an additional exclamation mark on a good career.
The lower note is also the support role of Joan Allen, and in the visualization of the entire distribution, works well together from start to finish.
There is not much to hate for Pleasingville, and its dynamic nature makes it the perfect film for those who want seriously as well as those who do not.