Land: a grandmother's boy does not seem to leave his mother's cradle and make good for babies he has produced in the world himself.
He visits his children from time to time (and their mothers), but his main objective in life is ... Well, he has no goal.
Then one day, his mother obtained an ex-gangsta friend and suddenly, he is no longer as welcome in his own house.
It is not long after that, that his friends are starting to realize how much he is really and well ... It is
Time to grow or bow!
Criticism: First of all!
This film does not concern the "hood" at all, it is an intelligent film on love, relationships, family, friendship, maturity and growth.
Do not avoid this film because you think it is gangbangers and stuff, because it is not at all.
It is about you, it is me, it is your girlfriend, your mother, your problems and your inability to deal with your responsibilities and, well ...
up !
It is an extremely well written film, with some of the most developed characters I saw on the screen all year round, with superb matching actor performances.
Admittedly, the film begins a little slow (and goes a little long), but hang on, because once you appreciate and you learn to know all its characters, you will be happy that you have done it.
It is not a child's film.
This is the step you have to take to move on to a complete "adult" and some may not appreciate the larger theme behind this stage.
I certainly did it, because I too have passed, and I pass, through many of these same things right now (yeah, yeah, I always live with my mom !!) and linked to many eventsWho took place in this film (oh yes, and for the record, I am not black but it made an absolutely zero difference in this case).
But it's not even half of the story.
You see, the film is damn funny too ... and
I mean, damn funny!
I was cracking in almost all the other scene, and they were not "jokes" like your typical comedies either, just daily things we could all connect (like the scene in which twenty rhames is"Drinking Koolaid" in the kitchen and his sadly improvised scene "African squat F * * K", which you just have to see!
And there is also performance.
Twenty rhames, now here is a man who has already established an early advance in the race for best support actor at the end of this year.
Damn guy, you frightened the shit out of me!
Tyrese Gibson, I don't know where this guy comes from (a R&B singer and MTV VJ, you say ... Hmmmm?), But apart from his strange resemblance to Taye Diggs, he nailed this part to the tee.
From the first scene, I was glued to his performance and sympathized with his character while he was dying and me shaped in the person he hoped to become one day.
And everyone too.
Gibson's girlfriend in the film, Taraji Henson, gave me a donor with her many subtle touches, who all helped to raise her character on several levels above the "typical" bitch friend thatWe have seen in many of these relational films.
But that's the thing I liked the most in this film.
Everyone seemed real, situations seemed authentic, the characters all appeared like people like you and me with problems, struggles and hopes and fears.
I really liked this film because it was masterfully written, wonderfully played and really entertaining to watch.
And yes, I even liked all the tribute to Boyz 'N The Hood that Singleton made in the end (he called this film a "song companion" to this film).
A very solid follow -up of an ever larger original, the little boy is a film to see by anyone who has the impression of never wanting to grow.
Note: The guy who plays Jody's best friend in this film is Omar Gooding, Cuba Gooding Jr. The younger brother (Cuba played in Boyz 'N The Hood in 1991).
Or E'S Joblo vient de?
The Best Man (8/10) - Brothers (5/10) - Shaft (7/10) - Summer of Sam (7/10) - What's Cooking (7/10)