I rented this film with very high hopes.
This film praised as one of the best films of 1998, and unfortunately, was not as good as I hoped, but was always very intriguing and stimulating.
First, the casting of this film is great.
Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon are the future of Hollywood.
They play their roles as brother and sister Parker perfectly.
With an incredible intrigue as this film, you need chemistry and honest actor in your cast.
Tobey and Reese (Bud and Mary Sue Parker) play their roles perfectly and display their characters with honesty and credibility.
William H.MACY, an actor that I learned to love in the past year, turns into another great performance as a television father who is torn on his wife, a "colorful" person and his friends, those "non -color".
He also shows credibility and must display a certain lack of chemistry with his wife.
He does it perfectly and once again shows why he should be one of the best Hollywood players.
Joan Allen is just as great as Betty Parker, the ideal television mother.
His character is the most ambitious.
She is very na? Ve, and must display this well to make her character credible and she does exactly that.
His lack of chemistry with Macy, which the role requires, and his chemistry developed with Jeff Daniels is great, and if Daniels would have been as stellar as the rest of the distribution, then this film would be even better.
As said before, Jeff Daniels gives a bad performance.
His character displays the current change throughout the city, but he does not display it with enough conviction.
His character is very confusing and he is not very credible.
This film could have been raised to a whole new level if Daniels had been able to give better performance.
The film is very provocative.
He calls into question the problems of racism that existed in the past and which still exist today.
I really didn't expect all the elements they mentioned, but they removed them with such a flair that it was blowing.
They demonstrate the problem of racism without a hitch, but do it at a slow pace.
The only major defect in the film in addition to the performance of Daniels is the length.
Some films are not supposed to be so long.
Pleasantville is one of these films.
This film could have been so much better if they did not go out there.
First, they are amazed at the implementation of color.
Then they want to have it.
Then they don't want to.
Then the war follows between color and non-color.
All this is suspended for two hours, which was far too long.
Some films need a lot of time.
Saving soldier Ryan was just under three hours and I thought he could have used more time.
This film only lasts two hours and seems much longer.
The length is everything in the movies.
If you can nail the timing and the perfect rhythm, you can win half the battle.
Pleasantville can sometimes move at a good pace, but it is not coherent enough.
Overall, Pleasantville is a very pleasant and provocative gap for the predictability of most films these days.
I went to expect a light film on change.
I left learning an important lesson in racism and the way things change.
Fortunately, Pleasantville teaches this lesson so as to call it on all audiences.
Only if it could have done it in a shorter time.