The story of Jekyll and Hyde told from the point of view of his maid is, in a word, "dark".
You would not expect something brilliant and joyful based on Robert Louis Stevenson's novel, but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal.
Jekyll / Hyde (John Malkovich) is in terminal and desperate phase.
Mary Reilly (Julia Roberts) is the victim of monstrous mistreatment of children and the anti-female feeling of the time.
The version of the director Stephen Frears of the London slums makes us amaze that anyone who survived them.
The level of lighting is extremely low throughout the film: it almost seems to be filmed in black and white.
Management and cinematography are brilliant and liquid.
The scenes rush into the next scene as honey suining a strawberry.
 (Except that there is no red, of course.)
The look is so bad humor and melodramatic that you will be shocked when you leave the theater.
I saw it in a morning and I took a while to adapt to the sunny sky afterwards.
Often, the Jekyll and Hyde archetypes are considered to be dividing a whole person into components of good and evil or perhaps brain and emotional parts.
Here, the doctor is intellectual and perhaps good, but certainly helpless.
His alter ego is energetic and totally without conscience.
Two parts that make up a whole.
Nor both are capable of operating without the other and once separated, the disaster is inevitable.
The differences between the two characters would be more effective if they were accomplished by behavior and attitude.
When we finally see the transformation, the special effects have plunged history into the field of science fiction, not the psychological horror that the tale requires.
Roberts and Malkovich are skillful in their roles.
The two are properly melancholy, adapting to the rest of the film.
The only flash of life and color comes from Glenn Close (and her lips) as Madame de a whore where Hyde lives, and surprisingly, Jekyll apparently frequents.
Life and color perhaps, but it is not the best role of close.
She hardly seems more than a cardboard cutting character.
A beautiful film in its dreary way.
You will appreciate cinema crafts, but do not expect from an optimistic mood.