When Jim Henson died, he left behind various legions of fans and a business whose ultimate success, now seems to be based on his contribution.
Jim Henson Productions and the creature shop always thrive financially, but as the last two Muppet films (or this Lost in Space) monkey) show, the thrill and the genius left.
I am not sure that the black crystal, made today, would generate from an audience of children from five to fifty the same impressive answer.
An all-powerful crystal cracked, making the leaders of the green world divide into two beings: the great sweet mystics and the skeksis similar to a vulture.
The mystics send Jen, a naive gelfling boy, on a mission to find the brilliance that has moved away, who must be reintegrated into the crystal before the skekis become eternal leaders, before the great "conjunction" of three suns.
Along the way, Jen meets and associates with the only other gelfling Alive, the Kira of Rebecca Demonay, an ogre-tail named Aushra, who takes off her eyes to look at things, and a spastic and adapted to a Tumbleweedanimal named Fizzgig.
A large part of beauty in black crystal, which is a simple story (although it does not condes to any spectator), lies in its artistic direction and its design of creature.
The puppet is phenomenal - observes the scenes in which Jen plays his flute, or the Landalker pursuit - but I must emphasize that all the thoughts and hands and remote controls disappear in the first moments of the image, a delicately -racted (byJohn Baddeley), absorbing the prologue.
The vocal work in the film, by the regulars of Muppet and the irregular trees, is perfect.
In addition, Trevor Jones' score should not be updated: it contributes to the film almost as an invisible character.
I suppose, due to the complexity involved in the execution of a film of this nature, that it could not be helped, but I want the film to be longer.
Jen and Kira have wonderful ... Well,
Chemistry, and more scenes of them conversing quietly, would have been appreciated.
The black crystal has a very small cult.
The lower labyrinth is probably better known, which is overwhelming.
One of my friends told me a story that Henson was forced to plant humans among Labyrinth's creatures because of the financial failure of people without dark crystal.
This film has never quite found his place; he played like an acid episode of "The Muppet Show" with David Bowie as a guest, borrowing from Tolkien and Pandering at the base of Tolkien fans.
 (I guess I just made the sound labyrinth appetizing to a certain public sector.)
The black crystal deserved (and still deserves) a wider audience.
It is the best type of entertainment for children: elegant, fantastic and courageously non-hip.
Brian Henson, lucky son, continues to return to this father's masterpiece.