I have always been told that there were two things in life that are inevitable - death and taxes.
Curiously, I have never thought about both.
Maybe if I did, at least I would stop getting uncle Sam collection opinions.
Yes, let me take a resolution to devote myself to better file holding, keep all of my receipts and do what it takes to have the satisfaction that my yields are mistaken and will prevent me from offering penalties.
It seems that the question of death is not so different, at least envisaged here in this film.
As this tender love story, if you do good things and have a clear conscience to your death, you go up to a place of great peace and beauty.
The dreams, the wishes and the fantasies you had when you were alive come true.
For those who die with a loaded soul, however, they find themselves in this other place.
Chris and Annie (a victorious Robin Williams and a radiant Annabella Sciorra) seem to be the perfect couple who deserves everything that the sky has to offer.
Their love for each other is strong and their link is undeniable.
But tragic events end up tearing the fabric of Annie's happiness.
And when Chris dies after a terrible car accident, she committed suicide - a tortured soul that blamed herself.
Despair is perhaps the greatest sin, and it wallows in its guilt throughout eternity.
Chris, on the other hand, arrived in paradise, and learning Annie's fate, he goes to hell to find her and to try to release her from his nightmare.
This film is full of imagination, containing lush imaging that shows the arcadia which is paradise and bitterness and fear that is hell.
It seems that paradise and hell can very well be a product of our fantasies or nightmares.
Its shape and look are as endless as our imagination.
While Chris explores his new fantastic world and discovers things that are both incredible and wonderful, he also begins to find out more about himself.
Some questions disconcert it at first.
Why does her house in paradise ooze with painting?
What is the meaning of the Asian hostess?
Why does he have an overly acute guide (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) to help him find Annie?
But while he slowly starts to make the answers, it makes him stronger and gives him a greater chance of saving Annie.
 The "dreams" are both visually and of revealing beauty.
Alas, I have a regret.
The film did well to bring together more and more emotional speed, but the outcome was curiously unsatisfactory.
It seemed that it was running towards a kind of great finish, but his intensity seemed to decline in his last moments.
However, your eyes always go tears well and you will find a lot to savor.
The narration is determined and well constructed.
The trip is imaginative.
And I was surprised by how much I appreciated this film.