The valentine of the cave man with Samuel L.Jackson, Ann Magnuson, Aunjanue Ellis, Script Tamara Tunie by George Dawes Green, based on his novel directed by Kasi Lemmons
 * * * For more films, DVDs and books on film reviews, as well as the annual coverage of the Toronto International Film Festival, visit _film Freak Central_ - http: // Filmfreakcentral.filet
| Now with the search engine * * *
A strange mixture of _shine_, _basquiat_, _angel heart_, and Grant Morrison & Dave McKean's graphic novel "arkham asylum", _The Caveman's Valentine_ is a feet story of a Madman-Cum-Detetive Sans-Abri which, the morning of February 14, Discover A A. "Valentine" just outside her New York cave: one of the strange fruits of Ella Fitzgerald, stuck in the crotch of a tree - a young male model assassinated and frozen in abranch.
First of all believing that his Stuyvesant imaginary sworn enemy, pulling evil rays in his spirit of the construction of the Chrysler building, is responsible for the murder, Romulus (Samuel L. Jackson) is put on the track of an avant-Keeping in the Mapplethorpe mold, David Leppenraub (Colm Feore).
His minor detective interrupted by adjustment and occasional delusional fights with an ecstasy of creation (Romulus was a brilliant pianist formed by Julliard before his psychosis), Romulus discovers clues and harasses on his way to convince his police daughter-Woman (Aunjanue Ellis Ellis) that even if he is a madman, that does not mean that he cannot resolve a high -level murder.
At every moment an exhausting workshop of ideas, and each character in the same way, _tle Valentin de Caveman is a concept so "high concept" that he suddenly became clear for me that the film fits into the kind of entertainmentComic strip, with "Caveman" by Romulus a slightly more trivial aversion of the black urban hero of Todd McFarlane, Spawn.
With a victorious wife for a long time (Tamara Tunie) acting as a spiritual guide, the occasional commentary of the social caste, the secret base in a cave, a personality of genius divergent with a network of informants and supporters, and an ark toColorful ark, ignorance, colorful ark, the film is pushed on the details of the lurid comic strip and the colors of vertiginous slapdash to such a sumptuous measure that I was vaguely surprised that blue font cars n'Were not registered with "Gotham PD".
That being said, _ The valentine_ of the cave man can really succeed only as a heroic fantasy, a graphic novel by Frank Miller who has the audacity to portray the blood trying a virgin snow field to form the shape ofa heart.
The difficulties with the film stand out from the misunderstanding that she somehow adheres to the conventions of a thriller or a police procedure when, in fact, _ Caveman Valentine is a fable of superheroes that takes the cause ofSans-Abri (once again like the McFarlane Spawn) while stanking the ruling classes rooted in government and the arts.
It is not a small detail that our hero, Romulus, carries not only for a member of the ruling class who lived his life (in legend) without knowing his royal birth, but also that our romulus turned his back onComfort of Literations in favor of a mystical existence living in a cave in a park. In the mythology of Romulus, the signs of the royal blood of Romulus are brought by twelve vultures, while in the film, the appeal to actionFor our hero is in the form of the birds of carrion, but of carrion itself.
That Romulus de la Valentin de l'Homme Caveman to find a nation, or, in the case of the novelist George Dawes Green, on the novel of which his own scenario is based, a franchise, the fact remains that _ the valentine_ of the'Man-cave is easily the most misunderstood film of 2001 so far.
He, with M._unbreakable_ of Night Shyamalan is a mature film extrapolation in the format of the graphic novel which, since the Miller seminar "The Dark Knight Returns", redefined comic medium as a suitable for mature ruminations on Psychologi sticky key subjects.
The readers of the brilliant series of comics by Sam Keith "The Maxx" (or the animated adaptation of short-term MTV) already know the idea of a homeless placed in the position of Knight Errant and Kingof her own twisted Demesne.
The failure of the television show "The Maxx" and Caveman Valentine (without forgetting the initial counterpoup to _unbreakable_) suggests that the public may not be ready for surprising contributions from America to DARKFantasy.
Read luxuriously lit, saturated and framed with virtuoso grace by filmmaker Amy Vincent (_death in Venice, CA_), while living in the submission sets of Robin Standefer (_practical Magic_), _The Caveman's Valentine_ is a film without highlights.
Kasi Lemmons, following his brilliant beginnings in 1997, Bayou_ de _eve, who played on similar themes of manufactured realities and mysticism, holds a large part of his immense promise with a story of seraphies and boys,lost artists and suffering.
_The valentine of the cave man is an elegant and spicy expression of hope for justice in an inclined landscape.
Clearly not for all tastes, when approached with the right paradigm, it is one of the most amazing and fascinating films of the year: a redefinition of the archetype heroes for a post-Modern with wool trench tied by the urine instead of the Place Decollants Bleus and Capes Rouge.
_The Valentin by Caveman is a fine and courageous film, crazy enough to suggest that the delightful delight of an idiot is the best and the most true paladin of the order in the chaos of Eliot's Rat's Alley Wasteland.