This has major spoilers for the film, so be swallowed.
They will not appear later in the article, so you are safe for the moment.
Eyes Wide Shot (1999) walking time: 2 hours 39 minutes 2.35: 1 theatrical aspect
Featuring: Tom Cruise (Dr.
Bill Hardford), Nicole Kidman (Alice Hardford), Sidney Pollack, Leelee Sobieski, Todd Field (Nick Nightingale) directed, co-written, produced by: Stanley Kubrick inspired by: "Tranovelle" by: Arthur Schnitzer
This is an interesting film.
I must first be out of the state, that you do not believe any of the rumors of the film.
Cruise is not a crossed chest of drawers, Kidman does not draw a heroine and there is no scene between the two who suggest that they were helped by a sex.
The look of the film is to suggest that it follows the translation of the book inspired by the film was written.
The translation, "Dream Novel", makes the thing that the film should have been titled Dream Film.
There is a notable amount of grain in the film.
Rather than complaining as some may have been able to and already see it as a style of shooting.
I would bring together Kubrick obtained another lighting kick by pulling this and pulled with as much natural light as he could.
This and the film seems to have been pushed two other stops to add more cereals and light it slightly.
As an author and stickler for more details, Kubrick seemed to be a little lax on it.
The film looks great, but there are a lot of nonsense / flubs that occur.
You see a lot of boom strokes (reflecting) and you see the camera at least twice.
16 months for that?
Wow .
Reflection is the biggest killer of this film.
Their apartment and almost everything in the film throws reflections and the crew can be seen in them, some quite obviously.
Another animated subject of discussion: I saw the "Austin Powers" version, and to be perfectly frank, unless you know where the overlays are supposed to be, you will probably not see them.
Two girls standing side by side seem a little suspicious, but I can wait for the unsumed version on the video to see it as it is supposed to be.
Spoilers below:
The film itself begins with (Cruise) Bill and (Kidman) Alice is preparing for a small X-MAS evening.
They go to a fairly elegant party in what seems to be a storage house for lighting equipment, which is actually an apartment belonging to Pollack.
Bill meets an old friend of the medical school who is now the entertainment of the party.
Shortly after, Bill and Alice flirt with others at the party, thinking that the other did not notice.
Bill is called to help with a reveler who has had a little too good time.
The next day, Bill and Alice, smoking marijunana in their room with casualness discuss the flirtations of previous nights.
They both discover that they both knew the flirting.
Bill begins to talk about what women can provide in a relationship and put Alice extremely angry.
In her misty state, she tells an opportunity on which she almost played to deceive Bill, without worrying about any effects.
Bill is called when one of his patients dies and will console his daughter.
When the committed girl of her patient makes a plea for her love and affection, he is struck by images of a case that has never taken place between his wife, Alice and a naval officer.
He considers "the opportunity" as a betrayal for his wife, and before being able to continue, they are interrupted.
As he walks home, he meets a whore.
Seeing another "opportunity" arise, he follows the Maison de Pute.
They play, but before the act follows, Alice calls her mobile phone.
He breaks the date with the whore and fell overnight.
He spends a living room and notices that his former boyfriend of the medical school plays, so he heads.
When he meets the friend, the friend reveals that for an additional scratch, he plays these strange parts, while the blind eyes d.
Bill is intrigued and wants to go to one.
Nick reluctantly defines him with instructions and a password.
The following is a short meeting where Bill obtains a costume for this party and meets a young girl, Leelee Sobieski, and her father.
The girl caught her eye, but her young age and the presume of her father dissuade this from happening.
He arrives at the party, that is to say, to say the least, a strange affair.
After having participated in a strange "religious" right, women and men associate themselves so that the orgy ends all orgies.
A woman warns the disguised bill, which he should leave before being exposed as a fraud at the party.
He is detained after a second warning, where he came out so as not to be in the group.
After going home, he hides the evidence of his evening events.
Unable to continue in his time, he tried events from the previous night together.
In the process, he notes that Nick has disappeared, his life may be in danger and the woman who warned him died.
I try to save a little from the film here, it is worth sitting to reach this point.
This is only about 100 minutes at this stage.
It is a strange film, because despite the events that occur, the film has a strong family message behind.
It will be difficult to piteronhole this film as a certain type of film.
There is sex, he has nudity, drugs and many other immoralist values.
But they all serve to show why they are bad in his life.
I recommend this film strongly on many merits.
Cruise and Kidman are rarely together for more than 5 minutes after the opening scene, and the secret that wrapped the film should be obvious to know why it has been kept once you see it for yourself.