The animal house of National Lampoon, produced in 1978 and taking place in 1962, remains one of the - no, fucks this noise - * The * the funniest film ever made.
And it is not only my opinion either; everyone knows it, and that is why lower gazillion scams have been made, trying to reproduce its success.
 (Pcu someone?
And the first person to raise Glory Daze is dotted.))
Animal House takes place at Fictional Faber College, around 1962, where Omega Frat called the gunshots.
These guys are healthy, cut and the citizens of the models ...
I .E.
A bunch of assholes.
Greg, their leader, goes out with Mandy Pepperridge, but as the silly bastard does not believe in pre-marked sex, their relationship never goes further than a rapid empower under the stars.
Neidermeyer is the group's supreme bozo, walking with his cock that kicks the first year ass and trying to impress the muff.
Babs, the future employee of the future Universal Studios and a serious dog.
Now let's take a summit next door, at the Delta house.
Here, everything is happening: do you want to throw shit through the window?
All right .
Do you want to crush a bunch of beer cans on your forehead and pour honey-plum all over your chest?
Go for it .
The chiefs of the fraternity are Otter and Boon (Tim Matheson and Peter Riegert).
Otter is the man of the ladies, coming out with another girl every night, and Boon is the actor.
He has a regular date, Katy (Karen Allen), but she is tired of playing the second-fid in a bottle of J.D.
Then there are the others: Pinto, a mauviet; Founder, an airship; D. Jour, a biker; Stork, who may or may not have damage to the brain; and to top it all ...
Bluto!
Bluto, played by fire, great John Belushi, is the man.
This is the kind of guy going back to the fifth whole of whiskey then proclaims: "I needed it".
The kind of guy who puts a snowball filled with cream in his mouth, inflates his cheeks and spits it, then says: "I'm a zit - understand it?"
The story is as follows: the Omegas get the kick of the campus.
The deltas, knowing that the fight against omegas is stupid, decides to go out in style, organizing a wild toga festival and ruining the return parade.
It is the most fucnn film in world history.
Make yourself a favor and go see it.