There is an old saying that indicates something from leaving the best for the end.
George Lucas certainly followed this adage during the development of the original Star Wars trilogy.
Return of the Jedi, the last episode in the series, is easily the most innovative, full of action and entertaining of the three films.
The dark and strange atmosphere that was the sweep of each frame of the Empire is disappeared.
Instead, for the return of the Jedi, we have a good triumphing decisively on evil, a resolution of a love triangle and teddy bear.
Even Dark Vader does not seem very intimidating this time.
With the arrival of the emperor (a creature in the form of an appearance played by Ian McDiamid), Vader has become a bit of a henchman.
The return of the Jedi resumed at a time not specified after the end of the Empire.
Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill), Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher), Lando Calrissian (Billy Dee Williams), Chewbacca (Peter Mayhew), C3P0 (Anthony Daniels) and R2-D2 (Kenny Baker) are on a rescue mission at Luke's Home's Home'sHomePLANET DE TATOOINE.
Their objective: to save Han Solo (Harrison Ford) from the claws of the intergalactic gangster Jabba Le Hutt.
It is at Jabba, a frightening stone fortress kept by hog's animals, that most of the additional special effects come into play.
From a hysterical scene involving a music group with a dreaded beast outside the Jabba sand barge, the effects are of the first order.
As soon as Han is released from his Cryo gel and saved claws from the wicked Jabba Le Hutt, he is back in space, where the rebel alliance is about to cope with the new threat of the Empire:A second, more powerful death star, if it was activated, could spell Doom for anyone standing against the emperor.
Thus, while the fleet is preparing for the final battle, Luke and the company go to the Forest Moon from Endor to eliminate the shield that defends the death star against all attacks.
There, they are linked to friendship with the Ewoks, the indigenous tobstan race in stuffed animals, and Luke, fearing that his presence puts the group in danger, turns to Vader.
The return of the Jedi has interesting elements.
The scenes between Luke against the emperor and the vader are properly tense and well played.
From a technical point of view, space battles are incredible, easily empowering everything that represents in previous films.
Not only are there many, many more ships, but their speed and range of movements have been considerably improved.
At a certain level, the return of the Jedi is almost worthwhile to be monitored for the special effects.
In the special edition, even more ships are added, which makes the final space battle incredibly fun to watch.
The game in return of the Jedi is stronger than in previous films.
Currently (or - 1983), Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher have all matured in their characters on the screen.
Chemistry among the trio is great.
As in Empire, Billy Dee Williams gives us another human hero to tell.
The newcomer Ian McDiarmid plays the emperor as a properly frightening, cunning and evil creature, although it was not as imposing as Vader was in Star Wars.
Although it is very fun to watch Star Wars and the Empire is back on the big screen, Return of the Jedi generates a greater feeling of pleasure.
With the new spectacular special effects, the adorable ewoks, the sinister Jabba the Hutt, the Emperor Emperor, the same old Millenium Falcon, the incredible betrayal of Dark Vader, the destruction of the new star of death and the always adorable Yoda,The return of returning to return to return from the return of the return of return to return from the return of the return from the return from the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of Lajedi concluded one of the biggest trilogiesnever made with a big blow.
Congratulations to George Lucas, whose innovative spirit now entertains us and will continue to entertain the generations to come.
 ,,