In this comedy of good humor, pleasant and easy to live, Bill Murray (Ghostbusters, 1984) plays the grumpy dismissal Phil Conners, who, each year, is sent to Punxsutawney, P.A, to report on the day of the marmot.
The ceremony of the marmot day involves a marmot that has come out of a box, and if it does not see a shadow, it will be a beginning of spring.
Phil really hates the ceremony, and even his producer Rita (MacDowell) cannot change his mind.
However, fate has a cruel tip for Phil, and it begins to relive the day of the groundhog and again and again, until he gradually loves, and Rita falls in love with him.
Groundhog Day is a well -written comedy, not very offensive and funny.
The screenwriters, the Ramis director and Danny Rubin, wrote a funny, warm, but never too senitant comedy.
Although the idea of a day repeating itself over and over may seem tedious, there are enough good jokes to hold public attention throughout the film.
The management of Ramis also helps, and although he does not try any tips as director of Flash, the film is quite directed and the jokes are well established.
And the edition is also good, especially when it shows part of the day, and again, like when Phil tries to have the perfect night with Rita.
The performance is also excellent.
Bill Murray is very fun, and his transistion of cynic to Happy is fluid and delivers his lines in his usual Smary style.
Andie MacDowell is good as Rita, even if sometimes she is just a little too sweet in certain parts of the film.
There is chemistry between the two tracks, fortunately, otherwise the whole film would probably be part.
Chris Elliot, as a Larry cameraman, is also funny, although you had to love his clumsy style, otherwise you will really hate him throughout this film, and that will reduce your pleasure from the film overall.
The support casting is not bad either, with Stephen Tobolowsky Hillarous as a companion of the old school Ned Ryanson, and even the branching director appearing as a neurologist.
In fact, there is not a single failure performance in this film, and even the groundhog gets a funny scene involving a car prosecution.
Overall, there is really nothing wrong at the day of the marmot.
It seems almost perfect.
However, the film can sometimes become a little soppy, and some people can be irritated by day by repeating and over and over and over.
In addition, there is not a lot of musical score, and the music is quite bad.
But these criticisms hardly affect the pleasure of the public.
Overall, then, Groundhog Day is a funny, intelligent and also has room there for a little heart.
An excellent comedy.
Global evaluation = (