I can already feel the letters of hatred flock to this one, the friends.
I loved the wedding singer.
But it gets worse.
If I mention Titanic in the same sentence.
 .
 .
Hell, same paragraph as the wedding singer, I am necessarily lynched.
Well, I then went to Lynch, because I thought that Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore had the most convincing chemistry of recent memory, with Titanic as the only exception.
Immediately, you are ready to reduce my opinion, right?
You think I can't know what I'm talking about.
After all, it's Adam Sandler, right ???
Well, there is more.
 .
 .
In fact, I smothered, and more than once.
Yes, the man who brought us Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore was able to bring sincere tears to my eyes.
But before I raised myself as a fool, I urge you to see the film and see for yourself.
The wedding singer is the story of Robby Hart (Sandler), a 1985 rock star aspirant whose realization of the soul in life has made a cover in wedding receptions for about five years.
But when her own marriage results in a non-presentation for the bride (Angela Featherstone as Linda), Robby begins to re-examine her life and wonders why true love does not exist for people like him.
In the performance process to these receptions, Robby meets a waitress named Julia, played with a healthy sweetness by Drew Barrymore, whose reputation is anything but this character.
Julia is also engaged, and when Robby finds herself without a woman, her free time allows her to help plan her own marriage, because how her fiancé, the "vice-vice" loving Glenn (Matthew Glave), does not seem to be interested.
Over time, we learn the reason why Glenn is challenged about marriage - he simply marries Julia to prevent a break, which he wants to avoid even if he sleeps with tons of other women.
It is obvious that Robby will fall in love with Julia and feel a strong need to save her, but what is a light romantic comedy for?
It is not sleepless in Seattle, but I would actually compare it to that before comparing it to Happy Gilmore.
While the wedding singer maintains part of this post-SNL humor, his sincerity and his charm carry him very, very far.
Sandler is great in his role, and yes, if you allow it, you can take it seriously.
Barrymore seems perfect next to him, and although the two most likely represent the moronism of the Gen-X and the Diidzism of revelers (respectively), the two go together like bread and butter as a couple of Mi-around twenty.
A particular scene, where Julia thinks about the future in a mirror, is so well done, I was on the verge of tears.
Unfortunately, Sandler will make sure that many people raise their shoulders as an bastor, but he has so much surprise substance packed inside that I encourage everyone to go see him.
In fact, the whole theater applauded at the end of the film and that the laughs were so consistent, some jokes were probably missed because of the tumult.
The 1985 setting was treated for everything it was worth, and for those of us who are old enough to remember it, it was a return trip (and very well done).
Sandler shows a new side for himself while maintaining all its original charm (or is it anti-ham?).
While the wedding singer deserves only three stars due to artistic merit, classifying it on pure pleasure would give this four stars.
It's hilarious and it's touching.
He has this great humorous humor, but it also brings Sandler to a level higher than what expected anyone.
This is to be seen again and again.
Is it possible that the wedding singer can be one of the most soft romantic comedies of 1998?
My "Magic 8-Ball" predicts that he is certain.