Seen on May 19, 1999 at 5 p. Crossgates Cinema 18 (Guilderland, n. Y.), theater n ° 1, with my brother John for $ 8 .50
[Theater note: * * *: Excellent seats, sound and image]
 (Critic note: this review is the longest that I have ever written and always only scratches the surface.
I would recommend that it will be read only by those who saw the film as a form of critical analysis.)
Like my friend and colleague cinematographic critic Ted Prigge said in his criticism of "The Phantom threatens" - How can I write this criticism?
No matter what I’ve been waiting for a new “Star Wars” film since I was seven years old.
It doesn't matter the fact that everyone on the internet had already dissected and discussed the film even before it was released.
It doesn't matter if it happens so many things in this film in terms of intrigue, action, special effects and long -term history that would analyze each aspect would take a lot of time and energy and would always covernot all.
And also as Ted does it in all his criticisms, I will try to review this in a different way from my usual criticisms and to write in the place as nonchalantly as possible as if I were talking to you directly, the reader.
Before starting to analyze the specific aspects of the film, many of the most general and most important factors must be taken into account (to obtain the specifics of the film, jump this paragraph and the next four paragraphs).
As has been obvious in recent years, another trilogy of films will be produced to take into account the first three [missing] payments from the series "Star Wars" (the first of the films was actually episode four, not a).
George Lucas, the creator of the series, probably supposed that most people know the first trilogy produced (`` Star Wars '', `The Empire Strikes Back '' and` `Return of Jedi '') is actuallyThe second trilogy, chronologically.
In media interviews in the past, he explained why the films had been made in order, but I do not remember his reasons.
With this new film, he as a writer and director also supposed that viewers at least vaguely know the important scenarios and intrigue points of the first trilogy (Err .. ..
Second trilogy ...
Well, you know what I mean).
And for this review to be thorough, many of these important points must be mentioned which, unfortunately, can serve as spoilers, then proceed with caution.
[Note of Critique n ° 1: It is my personal policy not to intentionally analyze the spoilers because I would like my criticism to be able to give meaning for the reader before and after watching the film, but it would beAlmost impossible to make justice here without breaking the rule.
Critical note # 2: the revision of this film also breaks the universal law of criticism of the revision of films, which, like Roger Ebert, invented: "This is not what it is, but howit's about.'
Because so many external factors come into play in the plot and the meaning of the film as part of a trilogy, and by simply considering modern society, it would still be difficult, if not impossible to simply review the film as acompletely autonomous story.]]
First of all, we must catalog what we know about the film even before we enter.
We know that the young Anakin Skywalker will grow to become the bad sovereign Dark Vader who is also the father of Luke Skywalker, who will lead a successful revolution against him and his empire.
We know that Obi-Wan `` Ben '' Kenobi was Anakin's coach in the ways of "strength" in attempts to become a Jedi knight, but would fail and therefore Anakin would fall on the "dark side. ''
We also know something about "strength" itself, that it is a kind of universal force that determines destiny and can be manipulated by those whose mind is extensive enough to believe it and feel it (the Jedi).
What we do not know with certainty is the story of the decision of the galaxy, which is probably much longer and more complex than any government we have had here on earth.
For me, it was one of the most fascinating aspects of the first three films because there seemed to be a subtle and definitive order to all the complexity.
In addition, it seems that we are supposed to be familiar with a few other details on the story that have come out of the thousands of comics and pockets published in the years that followed the end of the films.
In particular, the details concerning the emperor of "Empire" and "Jedi", and that he was once a senator and his family name is palpatine.
For those who have not followed all the "Star Wars" accessories over the years, there is still a way to know these details simply by recognizing an actor (or his voice at least).
With "The Phantom threatened" being the first chapter of a long saga, it would be assumed that the basic bases would be laid, including the story behind all the main factors of the series, in particular "strength" and the Jedi knights.
Unfortunately, this film is more of the opposite because it is simply built on what must be such a long and detailed story that it could never be explained.
I did not like this aspect for this film and this is one of the reasons why it does not become great.
If you are going to tell a story from the start -tell it from the start (is it possible that after this finished trilogy, there could be another trilogy of episodes -1 to -3 to clarify the story even more?).
But I'm getting lost.
I said so many things and yet I did not even address the details of the film itself.
All these necessary "dissolution" elements should show to what extent the story of the series "Star Wars" is vast and this individual film itself.
What we get here is a film that looks like none of the three others that we have known and love since the late 1970s.
His similarity with other films helps keep the spirit of the familiar series, but at the same time seems to be a defect in the cinema process itself because it sometimes sounds of originality.
The basic story is rather sorted, complex and even confused sometimes.
We are told that an army known as "trade federation" has set up a blockade around a apparently insignificant planet called Naboo.
We are not given too much details to clarify the history of the federation and what is their goal, instead, the film chooses to move its story quickly.
We are presented to two Jedi, the master Qu-Gon Jinn (Neeson) and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi (McGregor).
The two act as ambassadors in a way in the hope of putting an end to the obvious hostility between the Federation and the Queen of the planet, Amidala (Portman).
The leader of the Federation, an extraterrestrial called viceroy, follows the orders of a strange and mythical character - a older human man whose face and body are covered and shaded by the black dress and the hood he carries.
He is called Lord Sidious but given his appearance, and especially his scary evil voice, he is obviously one of the most important characters in the series.
Sidious does not communicate to viceroy only through digital transmissions and never in person.
Obviously, his real fate is something he wants to keep secret because it would also reveal his identity (which is never openly revealed in the film, but should be clear for most viewers.
I have the feeling that we will immerse ourselves in its history in the next two films).
But it doesn't take long in the film to go into action and in a few minutes, our Jedi hero is fighting for their life and the story of the film begins to move forward.
The film does not have a specific intrigue and works in the same way as the other films in the series where, like what we get, it is a mini-intrigue and an adventure on another.
There are so many of these mini-intrigues in this film that I would not describe them all because that is what gives the film its hook.
The other films relied on this type of narration, but because of the Lim Its technology at the time, the films scenarios were also limiting.
The feeling of immatitude here is what gives "the ghost threat" its unique features.
As we already know, the film takes place at least a generation or two before the original trilogy of "Star Wars", which means that a large part of the background which was not clear and / or unexplainedCan be eliminated here because it is the beginning of the epic vasthistory.
And here, the most important scenario is that the discovery of Anakin Skywalker (Lloyd), 10 years (Lloyd), by Qui-Gon Jinn and his introduction to the Jedi Council.
To briefly summarize the story, Jinn stumbles on Skywalker to try to buy parts for the Queen Amidala spacecraft which was damaged in the efforts to free it from the federation.
Their meeting on Tatooine is above all a coincidence, but of course, Jinn warms it to the will of force.
Jinn may feel that Skywalker has a great natural power in strength, and through another sub -intrigue involving a bet on Skywalker in a fantastic race to which he will enter, more and more details on his meaning are beginning to reveal himself.
This also provides for a new development and a new explanation of the force that has never been mentioned before.
In fact, it seems to be something so important that it is overwhelming that it has never been mentioned before.
The element seriously undermines the mystical aspect of strength and transforms it into something more physical and scientific which is completely useless.
According to the third act of the film, all the main important elements are linked together in a fairly familiar execution of the plot.
It's funny how the reality of the world of "Star Wars" seems so anchored in mythology, philosophy and religion of new age and yet the solution to all the major conflicts of the series was violence.
Not that this technique was not used in films and in real situations of countless times throughout history.
And at least, everything is in the minds of the ultimate powers of good against evil in a fun and exciting case.
He sometimes makes the border of the caricatured, but it is just the attractive film our inner child, which is the fundamental reason why the whole saga exists and has become such a large part of our modern society.
`` The Phantom threatens '' Book exactly what you expect from a film of "Star Wars", which is why he succeeds as well as that, but that's always why he never really reaches greatness.
So much in the film that we have seen before and that we made with more heart because the filmmakers focused a little more on the story and the character because they were limited.
But this film is far from being bad because it kisses the spirit of pleasure at the cinema at least.