Scream 2 is not as smart as his predecessor, but he fills the gap with a cutting spirit.
Death - even horrible and bloody death - can be funny if it is managed in the right way (some will be offended by this declaration, but you don't need to look further than Pulp Fiction for an example).
And, although there is a lot of horror to do in Scream 2, the last embodiment of the 90s Slasher film, there are also some laughs.
Scream 2 is a slice and dice film for those who do not take their horror too seriously.
The success of the CRI of origin has brought everyone into industry by surprise.
The unexpected blockbuster, whose crude has climbed on the $ 100 million mark at its six -month exit window, opened about a year ago and turned into one of the horror films Lesmore profitable of all time.
A sequel was inevitable; fortunately, almost the whole creative team returned for Scream 2, including director Wes Craven, screenwriter Kevin Williamson and actors Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, David Arquette, Jamie Kennedy and Liev Schreiber.
As stipulated by one of the "rules of consequences" pronounced by a character obsessed with the film in the film, the number of bodies in Scream 2 is higher than that of the original.
Paradoxically, there is much less gore.
There is blood, of course, but nothing excess according to the standards of Slasher films, and there is no representation of overturned escrois.
Craven remembered that fear is more important than graphic displays of the human interior and body fluids.
A second force by Scream 2 is that it presents a gallery of legitimate characters rather than a group of aligned cardboard cutting stereotypes for slaughter.
After all, we know some of these people for two films - it is almost impossible not to worry at least a little.
Scream 2 opens about two years after the original.
As in the first image, there is a smooth and self-micqueur prologue.
This time, the victims are Jada Pinkett and Omar Epps, whose characters visit a local theater for an overview of the screening of the film Stab (which is based on the "real life" events of Scream).
Some of the smartest dialogues occur during this sequence while Pinkett deplores the lack of African-American participation in horror films (it is surely not a coincidence that, in addition to Pinkett and EPPS, Scream 2 presenttwo black characters).
Shortly after, she and her boyfriend were emptied, signaling the start of a series of copying murders.
Craven lets go an explosion of ironic creativity for the "Film in a film" sequences.
They give him the opportunity to openly parody Scream - an act he performs with a great plume.
Stab presents Heather Graham in the role "Casey Becker" (played in the original of Drew Barrymore) and Tori Spelling as "Sidney Prescott" (Neve Campbell).
Unfortunately, we only see a few stab scenes.
It would have been a little more fun, I think, that Craven had used Joe Dante's approach to the morning and had shown long extracts from his satirical production.
After the prologue, we are reintroduced to Sidney Prescott, who left his sleeping native city to go to the Windsor College.
His friend Randy (Jamie Kennedy) is also a student there, and he is just as well known on horror films.
Once the double murder in Stab becomes a big news, the media converge on Windsor, seeking to interview the victim of origin.
At the head of the herd of Vultures is Gale Weathers (Courtney Cox), who has a little surprise for Sidney.
She brought tired cotton (Liev Schreiber), the man Sidney accused of murder, with her.
The deputy Dewey (David Arquette) also arrived at the college, who is there to act as Sidney's big brother during this last series of tribulations.
In addition to the survivors of the original cry, the field of potential victims is very populated.
There is a co-ed blonde Named Cece (Sarah Michelle Gellar, which has now appeared in two of Williamson's films - this one and I know what you did last summer); the required boyfriend of Sidney, Derek (Jerry O'Connell);A local newswoman (Laurie Metcalf); the new cameraman of Gale (Duane Martin); a British theater teacher (David Warner); and several sisters of sorority and sisters of potential sorority (Portia de Rossi, Rebecca Gayheart, Elise Neal, MarisolNichols).
In the end, there are many attractive corpses.
Storage scenes to the lines like "The brothers do not last long in situations like this", Craven and Williamson clearly have fun with Scream 2, and the film is pleasant, if a little too lively (the firstmore alive hour is the second).
Their resolution at compulsory "whodunit"?
is less a disappointment than it could be, and knowingly offers a wink and nod in the past unmasking scenes.
 ("Beautiful torsion", ironically the killer.
 "I didn't see him coming, Didya?")
We feel, however, that, at the end of this image, the global concept of a self-referential Slasher film was played.
Supposedly, there will be a Scream 3, but, if the filmmakers do not offer something radical, we could end up with a classic case of elderberries immediately.