Ralph Fiennes is preparing a nice niche for himself in the genre of period novels.
For his follow -up of the English patient of the academy, he again turned to a love story, this time directed by the Australian filmmaker accomplished Gillian Armstrong (Little Women).
Despite an obvious overcoming, Oscar and Lucinda are a mainly effective film that often affects our hearts while daring our minds to relieve its incredible coincidences.
The film opens in the mid-1800s, with parallel scenarios in New South Wales, Australia and Devon, England.
As the useful narrative voice of Geoffrey Rush informs us, Lucinda Leplastrier (Cate Blanchett) is a stubborn young woman in the Australian outback.
Meanwhile, half of the world, Oscar Hopkins (Fiennes) broke with his Puritan father on religious issues, and went to school to study to be an Anglican priest.
Lucinda is fascinated by glass; Oscar is obsessed with theology.
Lucinda is rich; Oscar is poor.
Lucinda is forward and in himself; Oscar is shy and uncertain of himself.
However, a characteristic unites these two various individuals - the constraint of playing, whether on horses, dogs, cards or the reversal of a medal.
And fate has decreed that they will come together one day.
That day only happened 45 minutes after the start of the film, when Oscar takes on a ship to Sidney, Australia, where he hopes to change his life and serve anyone who needs his help.
Another of the passengers is Lucinda, who returns from England where she bought machines to equip her newly acquired glass plant.
At the beginning, their relationship is that of a reverend and a confessor, but it takes long for the two to recognize one spirit related in the other.
A friendship was born and, once they reach Australia, it develops in something more powerful.
But Oscar is uncertain of Lucinda's affection and thinks he must do something to prove himself worthy of her.
Oscar and Lucinda do not exceed a small manipulation to obtain the desired emotional response, and there are times when the scenario is bent in absurd directions.
On several occasions, it is obvious that events occur specifically to channel the characters in a position where there is only one possible route.
Coincidence is a crucial layout device; without that, this film cannot go nowhere.
The narration of voiceover (never one of my favorite techniques) is too verbose and enters history at unwanted moments.
 (However, without that, the final touch, which I will not reveal, would not be as poignant.)
However, despite these baffles, I appreciated Oscar and Lucinda.
The defects of the pale scenario in the light of two characters of these such characters.
Theatically, the film is also strong.
The unifying motif - that everything in life is a bet - is successfully delimited.
Oscar and Lucinda are not content to bet their money, they bet their hearts, their minds and their souls.
A game of cards in which they engage shortly after their meeting for the first time could easily be considered as a form of emotional "poker" where the defenses are taken off to reveal their secret and secret passion.
Oscar does not consider the game as a vice.
In fact, he believes that the greatest chance that one seizes in life is to bet his immortal soul on the truth of a religious faith.
Ralph Fiennes, who normally plays strong and confident men, is very comfortable as an ossar that gropes and unsatisfied.
The actor brings a variety of nervous tics to the part, which subtly add to a vague sense of discomfort each time Oscar is on the screen.
As good as Fiennes is, however, it is overshadowed by Cate Blanchett.
The actress, who appeared earlier this year as one of the tracks of the Paradise road by Bruce Beresford, is fascinating like Lucinda.
She gives this woman released her flash and nourishes the chemistry between the Two main characters to sparkle rather than sparkle.
Effective support is provided by Ciaran Hinds (the male head in the persuasion of Jane Austen) as a close to Lucinda, Tom Wilkinson (the complete monty) as Oscar mentor, and Clive Russell asselfish adventurer.
There is a real magic in the way Armstrong develops history, keeping things in motion in unexpected directions without losing too long on a moment or a sequence.
 (In fact, I want it to have devoted a little more time to the act of the light environment, which has Oscar and Lucinda together.)
With the skill of an accomplished storyteller, she weaves romance, friendship, passion, humor and tragedy in a complete package.
The characters, with all their human weaknesses and neuroses, are wonderfully developed by Fiennes and Blanchett.
So who cares if the scenario is a little mature and heavy?
Oscar and Lucinda always offers abundant pleasures to reward the spectator.