Extraterrestrials !! well, that's what it is.
Aliens generated by computer.
OK, the film not only concerns the extraterrestrials generated by computer.
These are computer generated foreigners and a secret organization known as MIB.
If one was not green and running around the other would not exist as we know.
The computer graphics of this film are spectacular, they make you want to believe that extraterrestrials like those represented by outings.
Since I saw this film, I must agree that Denis Rodman is a stranger, he must simply be.
Well, seriously, the extraterrestrials created here are not only the variety of monsters, but also sweet, Squishhy and cuddly.
Just add something to a clearer note to the film where it could have become very dark.
With the extraterrestrials comes the humor and in a fairly decent way.
J, well being J, an intelligent ass cop (played by Will Smith) flows what he thinks is a bad potential and receives the attention of the Mib and K in particular.
K aims to recruit our poor J, but that is not all the interest of this film.
The main duty of the MIB is to control the additional land on earth which chose it as a house or refuge.
It is also the main point of this film: to protect the land from the foam of the galaxy.
Part of the space foam is terribly bad and just at the bottom right.
Color comments abound when forced to deal with an extraterrestrial foam and no one other than Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones are there to deliver the punch.
The dialogue is at least full of mind.
This spirit allows the film to flow from one scene to another by developing the characters insofar as necessary for this film.
Tommy Lee Jones (like K) and Will Smith (like J) provide both action and comedy.
The characters they play do not seem to be mistaken in any way or their performance.
I must say that K is more fun than J, but which is without the other.
The two roles were completed very well and the script seemed to be written for these two actors.
History is also going deep enough to provide an appropriate experience so that the public is not completely ignorant.
In total, good performances have been implemented by all the actors and the director has everything wonderfully mixed with the special effects necessary to create a good film.
A film, the trouble to see if you are ready for a light and spirit of humor.
As most movies have their good things, they also have their bad things.
The development of the character in this film was not so tall because he did not need to be.
But if there was more development of characters and if there was a certain development of extraterrestrial characters who could have added a lot to the film.
Especially the evil foreigner, he needed work.
Although it could have been worked, the film was what he proposed to be a rather superficial and spirit -full comedy.
It was rather well done, with interesting comments and observations.
A film is worth it, but keep in mind what the film is and if you do not like the form of humor of Will Smith, I would not go.
Originally written after the original outing.
Completely rewritten on December 26, 1997