Since it is a film in a foreign language without known name with a selected number the theaters showing it, "give given" will not be seen by so many people.
And it's a shame - it's a funny, enchanting and clumsy film full of laughter, surprises and wonderful dance sequences.
What is surprising about "Do We We dance" is the universal appeal of history.
An American version is in preparation, and it is not surprising - it is not really specific to culture.
Although there is a told configuration which adds an additional resonance to the procedure (on the view that Japanese culture has about the living room dance), the film is so rich in character and attraction that this additional layer n 'is not at all necessary to understand or take advantage of the film.
The only important reference specific to the unexplained Japanese which can leave a little perplexed is that 1000 yen cost about $ 10 (when you see the film - and you should see this film - you will know why).
An average age business man realizes that achieving all the objectives he has set in life (a house, a child and a good marriage) still does not result in a fulfilled life.
After having seen a melancholy beauty by looking through a dancing studio window on the work returning from work, Sugiyana (Koji Yakusho) decides after a certain concern to take living room dance lessons to meet the woman who aroused something in itself.
After finding the weekly costs for the private lessons of the elegant and beautiful May (Tamiyo Kusakari) too rich for her blood, Sugiyama opts for group lessons simply near her.
We then meet the players of this jewel of a film, which have all their own reasons to join the class.
Later, we meet Aoki at Dance Studio (Naoto Takenaka), a colleague and all the bizarre and one of the highlights of the film.
History, laughter and touching scenes evolve over the film.
It is a pleasure to watch such a wonderful film which is propelled almost only by characters and performance.
It is difficult to explain the charms of the film without revealing too much - the film abounds with small revelations that subtly shape the characters, and in the end, each is much more complete and more understood when you leave the theater.
This is one of these films that only the French seem to make - no big intrigue, no special effects, no game of cannons, no tragic consequences, no forced examination of the nature of loveAnd no idea of the nature of evil.
Just a warm, funny and endearing film that will charm the pants.
When is the last time you left a theater feeling hot and blurred inside?
 "Let's get dancing" will do this to you without any aftertaste with sorting.