Bob the Happy Bastard's Quickie Review:
the Mummy
Brendan Fraser is stuck again in the past, but at least this time, he has something better to do than quote the sitcom lines and try to court Alicia Silverstone ...
Fraser is the main star of the mummy, the second effort as director of the Director of Action Stephen Sommers (who also brought us the decent sensations race which was deeply increasing).
It is an approximate adaptation of the 1932 film, and I say brutal because it focuses more on special effects than on a guy in bandages, like Boris Karloff has been engulfed.
But who cares about it, the film has a kind of quality of cape of capes to which you cannot obtain, Oh, let's say, Godzilla or Armageddon.
Fraser plays a soldier who obtains a premonition during a battle with soldiers in Egyptian terrain.
Basically, it is a small sign of the mummy buried below - a priest named Ihmoetep who was buried alive for having participated in the murder of the king and his mistress.
His plan wakes up and also wakes her up, making him invincible.
Of course, Fraser returns to the site of years later with a librarian (Rachel Weisz) and his brother (John Hanna), as well as a former boyfriend of his (Kevin J..
guess what ?
Yeah, ihmoetep (Arnold Vosloo) awakens and wreaks havoc.
The fire flies from the sky, the eaters of flesh and, well, the plan of Ihmoetep begins to take place.
OK, so it's not really a new story, but the way the Sommers tell are quite entertaining.
The special effects of industrial light and magic are first -rate, and the game of Fraser and Weisz is not half bad either.
The action is quite intense (favorite scene: the sandstorm) and there are some shocking scenes just to also trample people who love horror.
No, it's not a ghost threat, but if you are looking for a solid warm -up for the summer of summer movies, you will not find a better film under Wraps than the mother.
If this does not give forgiveness to fraser of the explosion of the past and the stored man, then nothing will do it.