Call 911 for the cliché police if you have to, but the eyes are the window of the soul.
The best actors working in films are those who can order the screen with a look: Paul Newman, Ralph Fiennes, Anthony Hopkins, Morgan Freeman.
You look at these men on the screen and you can say without saying a word that happens in their minds, that the characters they play are real human beings.
We will never have the chance to discover if Tupac Shakur could have been a big actor, but he had this unique quality in his eyes.
In Gridlock'D, a strangely effective combination of granular drama and social satire, Shakur and his co-star Tim Roth take summary characters and make them exciting to monitor the pure energy of their talent and their chemistry.
Shakur and Roth play Ezekiel "Spoon" Whitmore and Alexander "Stretch" Rome, two Strait friends who share a spoken word / jazz trio, an apartment and a drug addiction with Cookie (Thandie Newton).
When a New Year's party ends with comatose cookies after a drug overdose, the spoon and the tension begin to wonder if they live with time borrowed.
They soon make a new year resolution to readjust, but it is easier to say than to do.
As if the temptation to repair was not sufficiently hampered, the spoon and stretch also find their attempts to make a pussy hitting a bureaucracy roadblock, confusion and administrative formalities.
The government could however be the least of their obstacles, because they find themselves suspect in the murder of a drug trafficker, and on the run of an unpleasant (Vondie Curtis Hall).
So that you can join Gridlock'D, you must accept it as a surreal Odyssey rather than an urban realism; unless the spoon and sleep sleep a whole day in the hospital after bringing cookies, theyGo to the government's offices on New Years Day, in which case they should be grateful that they get help.
Gridlock'D can actually be an answer to the deadly social commentary of another urban Odyssey, False Down of 1991, who found a white man besieged from the middle class ventilating his right anger against the system during a trek throughThe city center of Los Angeles.
By falling, D-Fens of Michael Douglas (the personalized license plate of the character, resonating in Gridlock'D by the d-Reper drugs) takes out a gun because he cannot have breakfastAt McDonald's; in Gridlock'D, the spoon and stretch are not armed against the requests imposed on them before they can enter a rehabilitation center.
And where the unleashed D-Fens has become a heroic substitute for the public, the writer / director Vondie Curtis Hall refuses to leave the spoon and stretch for their own role in the situation.
A bureaucrat answers a tirade of stretching with the question: "Do you expect the world to stop ...
Because you have chosen _TODAY_ to clean? "
The world in Gridlock'D is just as frustrating as the world falling, but the cathartic moments do not give easy answers this time.
Hall has interesting things to say about what we expect from the system, but maybe not enough.
An important part of Gridlock'D is devoted to the leakage of the spoon and the stretching of D-Reper and the police, and these subpcelles serve completely predictable moments.
In a scene, Stretch scares D-Reper by obtaining Chummy with a policeman; another present than the old chestnut of the two heroes who are wrongly suspended in a public place watching a television report on the crime that shows their photos.
The whole sequence of events seems to be designed simply as an excuse to run the spoon and stretch, while the other main plot makes them queue or sit most of the time.
Hall also plays with free inserts of drug paraphernalia and flashbacks on the eve of the main events of the film, perhaps making a particular effort to underline the talent that the characters lose through auto-tabac Ruelful behavior.
Oh, the irony of it.
Tupac Shakur had a career in music and films playing the case hard and living life to save him.
In Gridlock'D, Shakur is lucky to play someone who saw enough the way his life could know that it scares him.
Spoon is an idea for a character at best written by Hall, but Shakur displays an intelligence and survival instinct that fights with his dependence.
Most of the time, he comes through these eyes, eyes without any hardness you might expect from the infamous gangsta.
It is a spoon that plays the consciousness of pure appetite for stretching, and Roth plays stretch with a joyeuagence or enemy self-destruction.
Gridlock'd's most common comic scene finds a "helping" spoon to enter an emergency room by stabbing it several times with a tiny pocket knife, and this becomes an appropriate symbol for the way'Company he keeps slowly exhausted life out of him.
With friends like that, Spoon does not need enemies, and Shakur looks at the stretch with the tired eyes of a man who has seen too much.
The tragedy now is that we will no longer be likely to see these eyes again.