A fully busy entertainment review - Website to come in July!
> From Ace Ventura to Truman Burbank, Jim Carrey directed the whole range of comic, but friendly characters.
The 1996 Cable Guy was supposed to be its big "revolutionary" role of wacky humor in a darker and more dramatic game.
As most people know, the results were, well, less than stellar.
Not only did the film not been so hot at the box office, but it was also made by criticism.
As far as I know, Gene Siskel and I are the only ones willing to admit that we have widened it.
The first time I saw the cable, in theaters, I was in critical mode, and I didn't really like it.
However, due to the fact that HBO shows the film every day, I had time to lean back, relax and take the film.
And to my surprise, it grew up on me.
The intrigue is rather simple: Brooderick plays a guy by the name of Steven who befriends his cable, played by Carrey, then is hunted down by him when Steven tries to break the relationship.
You see, Steven had problems with his girlfriend, Robin (Leslie Mann), and he doesn't think he has more room in his life for a new friend.
In addition, some cable buffoonemeries have crawled.
Carrey, as Cable Guy, gives Steven various alias, which, later, we all discover television characters: Larry Tate, Chip Douglas, Ricky Ricardo, etc. Apparently lives in his van, and although manyCritics did not appreciate this more recent, darker and less manic performance in Carrey, I thought it was interesting and rather well done.
For me, it is not the film as a whole that is pleasant, but rather several individual scenes: a karaoke jam at Steven's apartment, a medieval fight in a theme restaurant and a swinging bathroom (aLiar, liar), just to name a pepper.
Perhaps the fact that more on the humorous side of Carrey comes out during these scenes is what makes them so funny.
And if you really want to see something, you have to hear its version of Jefferson Airplane "Somebody to Love", sung with aforementioned karaoke jam.
The cable has its bad places, like most movies.
I did not particularly like Steven's girlfriend, and I felt that more information should have been used on the relationship between Steven and his best friend.
In addition, the end, while making you due for a moment, is rather artificial and somewhat disappointing.
However, I found that the cable was an interesting business; if you are in the video store and you can't think anything about rent, I suggest you try it.
Or if you have HBO, wait until it happens (you won't have to wait a long time.)
Hell, that's what I do every day.