Here is a film so unexpected, so frightening and so original that it took me off guard and threw me for a loop.
Okay, it is not entirely original, since it is a series of the species at the box office, but it is certainly intelligent.
Most of the films of this kind recall these films of the sneer B horror of the 50s and 60s, and some even become them.
However, as we learned with the horror / science fiction film in a low budget of 1995, expectations can sometimes be broken.
Many criticisms have gone against this film (from what I have read so far, anyway - me, the two criticisms), and that makes me ask me why these types of films areautomatically rejected as pieces of waste and riable.
But, the fact is that this is not the case.
It is well done, well played and quite intelligent.
I can see most of the criticisms now complain about the level of gore or the level of sexuality in the film.
But the series of species does not concern the lack of these elements.
It is how much it can enter a single film.
And yet, behind all this, he has this basic premise which allows him to get away with it.
The species II begins these days, although it seems to be an alternative universe.
Many films (in particular science fiction sciences) create deadlines similar to our realistic, but change it to meet the needs of the film.
The species II begins with the arrival of an American spacecraft, the excursion, landing on the surface of Mars.
On board is Patrick Ross (Justin Lazard), a very brilliant and very beautiful astronaut.
Patrick is the son of Senator Ross (James Cromwell), who just wants Patrick to succeed.
Well, it seems that he has succeeded.
Obligation on the surface of Mars, he is the first human being to do so.
Of course, he is not the first.
About a billion years ago, an extraterrestrial species would have landed on Mars and destroyed the perfect living conditions that could have supported life.
Now, of course, the red planet is cold and rocky.
No life lives there.
That is to say no visible life.
Patrick, leaving the spaceship and landing on the red floor, collects samples from the ground.
He takes them on board and puts them into stock.
Unfortunately, one of the samples contains a form of life, and it stands out when heated on board the ship.
Just before returning to earth, this form of life slips along the ground and lives the earthlings.
They vanish for about seven minutes, then shruate their shoulders like nothing, because they don't even remember.
They blame it on a technical dysfunction.
Back on Earth, Patrick begins to have strong impulses to mate with as many women as possible.
As we know from the original, it is because the stranger wants to reproduce and take the planet.
However, high children are half human, like their father.
Patrick is really looking for another foreigner with whom to reproduce, and he finds it in Eve (Natasha Henstridge).
Eve was cloned with DNA taken from Sil, the original stranger.
However, this time, most of its "extraterrestrial" impulses have either decreased considerably or situating themselves.
The project is led by Dr.laura Baker (Marg Helgenberger, resuming its role as species), and its motivations seem respectable.
Since she was involved in the original extraterrestrial attack, she wants to learn to stop foreigners if she returns.
And he has.
Regarding history, the species II is much stronger than its predecessor, but it is also much stronger than, let's say, extraterrestrials (hey, I love the film, but you cannot tell me thatIt was strong on history).
What surprised me the most with this film was the incorporation of historical facts in the script.
In my search for an extraterrestrial intelligence course in college, we learned a piece of March from Mars that landed in one of the posts.
This piece of rock contained fossils that could have been proof of life on Mars (later, it was proven that it was not a living creature that creates d it).
The script uses it effectively, but also manages to provide a well -balanced route.
Starting with the first man on Mars (something that I always dreamed of seeing), I hoped that the film would transform this element into a useful starting point for the film.
And it does it quite well.
The characters are all smart, and they know what to do and what not to do.
The only character who seems a little cliché is the general (George Dzundza), and yet he remains logical in everything he does.
There are of course the obvious faults, mainly in the technical aspects.
The special effects are only mediocre and some are simply bad.
But for the most part, they remain credible (I even noticed a tribute to the extraterrestrial series when the mothers gave birth to extraterrestrial children).
In addition, the most realistic are generally the most full, ranging from torn people or someone's head.
However, certain elements of the plot can also cause laughter of the public, including a manner a very needed.
Many people do not like species series because everything is an excuse for sex, nudity and bloody violence.
However, I tend to disagree.
What were extraterrestrial films?
And, if an extraterrestrial species had come to earth and its only goal was to destroy us, would you not compose yourself as quickly as possible with as many people as possible?
My only reproach with this is during the scene where Patrick goes in search of a companion in a grocery store.
I did not know that the extraterrestrials were so difficult to choose women with whom to mate (I suppose that it is its human side in search of the most beautiful).
The game is good enough for this kind of film.
It is a great improvement compared to the first film, at least.
The game is the key element of this film: if he were bad, he would have lowered himself in the camp; if it was good, he would have asked for a comparison with films like extraterrestrials.
Okay, so it's not that good.
George Dzundza is probably the most obvious error on the casting, because his excessive imitation of a general makes him boring and distracting.
Natasha Henstridge is limited this time because it is generally locked in a cage.
However, she manages a very impressive performance with this appearance of any talent.
Oh yeah, and it is quite fun to look at simply.
Marg Helgenberger is extremely better this time, and his performance is probably the best in this film.
Michael Madsen is so, but he is not boring, and he soon becomes rather attractive (with his beautiful cynical personality).
James Cromwell has a small role, but he makes him much better than he could have been with a more incapable actor.
As I said, any film with James Cromwell considerably increases sympathy.
Mykelti Williamson gives a pleasant performance, and he gives the film a more earth-to-earth feeling.
And, of course, Justin Lazard.
Lazard has so far been ridiculed for its performance, but I think it is effective.
Of course, he's made of wood, but what does his character look like?
The moment he touches the glass separating Henstridge from him was extremely well done, due to the action of the couple.
The species II is evaluated R for strong sexuality, science fiction / gore violence and language.
It is definitely a classified film R that young children should not see.
More than probably, they would probably have nightmares and would never have sex for the rest of their lives.
Hell, I don't even know if I will do it.
What is certain to be a critical castigated film turns out to be the surprise film of the year.
I will probably not see another film where I expected so little and I had so much for a while.
Director Peter Medak has developed a very suspended and sometimes very scary film in a mediocre series.
Medak also mastered the wonderful "Jump!"
moments, and probably has the second most frightening moment I have never seen on the film ( Scream always has the first).
A strong game, an intelligent dialogue, a smart plot and a safe director, Specie II is exactly what these films should be: entertaining.