Not too many people know who James Whale is, but it is a sure bet that a good part of them saw his films.
If we want to believe the gods and semi-biographical monsters, the whale would have liked it so.
It is a perceptive and obsessive exploration of the last days of director Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein, and it is remarkable to present one of the first gay characters complicated by a Hollywood film.
The gods and monsters have no interest in being a biopic of Whale's life, because it only follows the last days of his life, and it is probably a better film for that.
It is the accent is put on non -traditional and deceptive desire for the whale (Ian McKellen) for the heterosexual gardener Clayton Boone (Brendan Fraser).
It starts with the whale (a fairly talented artist, except to be a director) asking Boone to "sit for him" (pose for portrait).
At first, Boone does not realize that the whale is gay and becomes fascinated by the old man.
When he discovers the sexual orientation of Whale of his dedicated and protective maid (Lynn Redgrave), he is afraid, refusing to sit for the guy.
But he returns, only to storm, disgusted with Whale's "discourse".
Boone returns once again, after the whale has promised to alleviate the aforementioned "changing rooms" and finds their platonic relationship to strengthen.
Meanwhile, Jimmy himself suffers from hallucinations and mental attacks following his stroke not long ago.
His illness leads to despair and depression, which relies to the point where he is forced to ask Boone an incredulous favor.
What is perhaps the most sensational in the gods and the monsters, it is the performance of Brendan Fraser in Bravura; until you see this film, I intensely did not like the young actor because of his tendency to ruinThe films in which he is (explode from the past, for example).
I was surprised to see how expressive an actor was.
This is impressive because the dialogue of his character is minimal, McKellan making most of the discussions.
This obliges to brother to act by body language; a skill difficult to master, but something that he turns out to be able to do well.
It is not a question of ignoring the nominated turn to McKellan's Oscars.
He obtained this appointment with his touching performance here (although, at the risk of looking like a Philistine, I would have chosen his performance as a Nazi in a student suitable for the appointment); a discreet and convincing jewel.
The whales fear the memories only for his work in the kind of Hollywood horror, and he thought that Hollywood was the equivalent of a battlefield.
He was delighted by being free from this, having only a contreyer in receptions with film colleagues.
In the end, that is perhaps what killed him: the memories of Hollywood and war mixing to form a living nightmare.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;