The films adapted from comics have been very successful, whether superheroes (Batman, Superman, Spawn) or intended for children (Casper) or the crowd (Ghost World), but itthere has never been a comic strip like a comic strip in front.
To start, it was created by Alan Moore (and Eddie Campbell), who brought the medium to a whole new level in the mid -80s with a 12 -part series called The Watchmen.
To say that Moore and Campbell have sought the subject of Jack well, the ripper would be like saying that Michael Jackson begins to be a little strange.
The book (or "graphic novel", if you want) measures more than 500 pages and includes almost 30 others which include only footnote notes.
In other words, do not reject this film because of its source.
If you can exceed the whole comic strip, you could find another stumbling block of the directors of Hell, Albert and Allen Hughes.
Bringing the brothers Hughes to direct it almost seems as ridiculous as launching Carrot Top in, well, anything, but give me back: which is better to make a film that takes place in the ghetto and which presents a street crimeReally violent that the crazy geniuses behind threat iis Éociété?
The ghetto in question is, of course, Whitechapel in 1888 East End of London.
It is a dirty and furious place where the whores (called "unhappy") begin to become a little nervous about this mysterious psychopath who has traveled their profession with surgical precision.
When the first steep arises, the copper Peter Godley (Robbie Coltrane, the world is not enough) in the inspector Frederick Abberline (Johnny Depp, Blow) to break the case.
Abberline, a widower, has prophetic dreams which he tries without success to repress with large quantities of absinthe and opium.
Upon his arrival in Whitechapel, he became friends with an unhappy man named Mary Kelly (Heather Graham, says that this is not the case) and proceeds to horribly horrible crimes that even the police surgeon cannotbe compensated.
I do not think that anyone must be informed of Jack the Ripper, so I will not enter into the details here, saying that Moore and Campbell have a unique and interesting theory on the identity of the killer and the reasons why Ilchoisitto kill.
In the comic strip, they do not bother to mask the identity of the ripper, but the writers Terry Hayes (vertical limit) and Rafael Yglesias (the Rables) do a good job to keep it hidden from viewers untilthe end.
It is funny to see the inhabitants blindly point the finger of blame against the Jews and the Indians because, after all, an Englishman could never be able to commit such horrible acts.
And of Hell's Ending made me whistle the song of the Simpsons Stoneecutrs for days ("Who holds the electric car / who made Steve Guttenberg a star?").
Don't worry - everything will make sense when you see it.
Now on Hell's's appearance: it's certainly quite dark and dark, and it is surprising to see how much he looks more like a Tim Burton film than Planet of the Apes (sometimes, it seems that Sleepy Hollow 2).
The impression that I saw was not completely finished (color and music had not been finalized, so no comments on Marilyn Manson), but the director of photography Peter Deming (do not say a word)skillfully capture the London Ordeilleuse of the Victorian era and helped the flashy killers remind me of crazy flashbacks in Twin Peaks, even if the violence in the film turns out to that of the comic strip in black and white.
The production design of the Martin Childs Oscars (Shakespeare in Love) transforms the original environment of Prague into a single scary place.
Even the game of hell is solid, the Dreamy Depp turning in a typically strong performance and skillfully managing a British accent.
Ians Holm (the secret of Joe Gould) and Richardson (102 Dalmatians) connect to major support roles, but the big surprise here is Graham.
I crossed teeth The first time, she opened her mouth, imagining her attempt at an Irish accent, but it was actually not half bad.
The film, however, is good.
2: 00 - R for strong violence / gore, sexuality, language and drug content