It is an interesting premise.
Our reality is only real for us because this is what we perceive as real.
In truth, all our lives are experienced in our minds because we have fed the information by electronic entries directly to our brain.
What we see, what we do, everything around us is nothing more than a computer generated by computer linked to the minds of others through a very powerful artificial intelligence.
Our bodies, seriously atrophied, are kept alive for the sole purpose of generating heat and electrical energy for a dominant order of machines that control the planet.
The science fiction kingdom is waiting for a little time for something new to come.
The matrix is not it - the idea of a war between man and a sensitive computer network, a simulated world, the possibility of connecting his brain to a computer, has all been gleaned from sources such asThe Terminator, Dark City and a PEU of Star Trek episodes (both classic and at the next generation).
What is new is the ability to build all these different elements together and succeed in producing a film that is both entertaining and stimulating.
Keanu Reeves Plays a Computer Whiz Nicknamed Neo, Who is Plucked Out of the Artificial World (Known As the Matrix) by a Group of Renegade Humans who are clandestinery Fighting to exhibit the Fallacy of the Computer-Generaled Existence and Free Humankind frommachines.
The group leader, Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne), chose Neo because he thinks that Neo is "the one" which is intended to direct the attack on artificial intelligence.
> From the start of the film, we are kept on our guard trying to understand things.
This, in a lesser film would be boring, but the matrix presents herself in a intelligent way that makes the puzzle rather interesting and even fun.
What is reality?
What is an imposture?
The film transforms our very perception of life on its side.
More than once, we were also presented the question of whether we would prefer to know the harsh truth of reality, or live a life of relative happiness, unconscious of the true nature of our environment.
As viewers, this is intriguing enough, then imagine what it would be for Neo.
And who play a disconcerted person better than Keanu Reeves?
Reeves, which I have never really taken care as an actor, is competent in roles that require a lot of simplicity and little subtlety.
It was good in speed, for example, but ridiculously poor in a walk in the clouds.
Neo is actually one of these roles in which Reeves slips pretty well, a large part of my expectations was fortunately for nothing.
In a few places, the script even capitalizes on its wooden nature, and it is a strong credit to writers / directors Andy and Larry Wachowski.
I mean, since the excellent adventure of Bill and Ted, what film could you really say "used" Keanu Reeves?
More interesting than Reeves is Fishburne, of which Morpheus manages almost the whole range of emotions, and convincingly.
Very surprising for a science fiction film.
Fishburne also maintains a certain behavior about him, as if he always knows what to expect.
This makes it possible to continue the aura of the competence of your character and in -depth knowledge.
Hugo weaving as an agent Smith, one of the anti-intrusion programs of artificial intelligence, is also good in playing his role of helmet, which does not make sense, which forces him to showemotion at the appropriate time.
Unfortunately, when weaving speaks for more than a few sentences in a row, the nature of the speech model of his character becomes a little more laughable than impressive.
Carrie-Anne Moss plays Trinity, the number one assistant from Morpheus who becomes a bit of a romantic interest for Neo.
Although his character is somewhat incoherent, Moss nevertheless offers an above performance when Fishburne is not in the photo.
There was little expected expenses with regard to special effects.
Many imaging methods are used, from modeling to Bluescreen to computer graphs.
It is interesting to note that the use of the "gel and tower" effect where the whole scene is frozen, turned, then continued from a new angle.
This is accomplished using a large number of cameras still used in semi-circle, with film cameras placed at both ends.
The motion cameras film the action, and at the appropriate moment, all the fixed cameras shoot at the same time.
Place each motionless image in a film sequence and you get an almost transparent transition from the first movement camera to the second.
Quite smooth.
The matrix flows with style.
From clothing to music to action, we look at an exaggerated version of what we are used to.
It seems to be the combination of two kinds of the Hong Kong action film - there are a lot of kung -fu, there are a lot of shooting game.
When a loose character with an automatic weapon, many empty cartridges fall to the ground in slow motion.
There is also the element of the Japanese action cartoon (called anime by aficionados), in particular in the way in which the sequences are filmed in sweeping pans and have focused on special effects.
Combined, it's really like no live movie that I have ever seen.
The film is not without defects.
Some scenes and ideas are "borrowed" a little too generously from other films, and an element of the end is decidedly disappointing.
Some lines are also quite bad - in a case, a support character wrongly delivers a famous saying, and it was not supposed to be a joke.
However, these shortcomings harm little about what is a global solid science fiction film that is more than entertaining.