The event event is on our doorstep.
People waited twenty-two years for the prequel to Star Wars and unconditional fans have been camping in theaters for months to get tickets to see it.
I don't think America will never recover from what this hurricane of a film caused.
It is not a bit exaggerated to say that it is the most anticipated film in history.
Anyone who tells you "it's just a film" is either lie or distraught.
It is clearly obvious that after waiting and the media threw, see the film will be anti -limatic.
The second coming of the Lord could not live up to the kind of buzz (which is far too weak a word) that Star Wars Epsode I: The Phantom threatened if effortlessly.
But that does not mean that the film itself is bad.
In fact, it's great.
I firmly suspect that many people who have been disappointed by it simply went to the media machine and the inevitable counterpoup.
It takes place a few decades before the events of the original Star Wars of 1977 occurred.
The film focuses on the new Republic of the planets and the conflict that rages: the commercial federation, angry with a recently implemented tax increase, has invaded the little peaceful planet of Naboo.
The Republic has sent two Jedi knights (people who can actively communicate with what is affectionately known as "La Force"), Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) and Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) to negotiate.
Unable to stop the tide of the events that were going to occur, the Jedi and the Queen of Naboo (Natalie Portman) escape Naboo and go to Coruscant to try to make the Senate of the Republic intervene.
On the way, they turn away on a planet called Tatooine, where they meet the real focal point of the film, the young Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd).
He is an innocent slave, but "the strength is strong with him", so who is determined to take him with them to the Jedi council and to train him like a Jedi.
Like any self -respecting Star Wars fan should know it, Anakin will grow to be Dark Vador and give birth to Luke Skywalker.
> From the start, it is obvious that it is not an actor film.
About 70% of the characters, if not more, are generated by computer in one form or another, and although the effects are transparent, the film lacks soul.
I think that although the computer has played an incredibly instrumental role in creating films this decade, cinema should always be a human art and the ghost threat almost defies it.
It is the lightest payment of the Star Wars saga so far, with a lot of broad comic help to go around, largely thanks to a known irritating character named Jar-Jar Binks.
He is essentially a computer animated acolyte who says things like "Exqueze me?"
And "Mesa goes now, Okeday?", And although he is often fun, he is also intrinsically boring.
The visual effects are astounding (although the director George Lucas often pushed them by cutting them) and the film is an exciting triumph.
If it lacks in the plot and acting, it compensates by imagination and excitement.
The culminating battle of the lightsaber (oh, go, as if you did not already know), among others, is scandalously entertaining and defines the term "popcorn film".
What made me go and give this film * * 1/2 stars is the score of John Williams.
Even if it seems that the man marks each film that comes out these days, his work here is nothing less than brilliant.
Its use of the opera during the culmination really adds a punch and its ingenious way to use imperial walking as a kind of prophecy is frightening.
The ghost threat is probably the most effective as a pop nostalgia.
When you see "a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far", when familiar music plays, when the words "Star Wars" appear on the screen, you will feel a tingling even if you have not seen themovie He was released for the first time in 1977.
It is strangely exciting to be presented to Young Anakin, a boy who we know that innocence will be removed and who will soon cross on the dark side.
This is the perfect example of dramatic irony to see the Jedi masters aspire to train it in the Jedi arts; we know that it will do more harm than good, but this is not the case.
We feel not only more involved in history, but we have the impression of seeing the beginning of a saga that we have cherished for years.
The ghost threat, although missing in the human aspects of history, is an episode very worthy of Star Wars.
It works as an action film, visually breathtaking and often exciting paralyzing; it also works as an eniction of memories, a piece of exquisite nostalgia.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;