I must admit that I did not like this film at the start.
It is certainly not for all tastes, and it is a pure torture to sit if you are in a hectic mood.
That said, if you are in a good mood, it's absolutely incredible.
It was my second favorite film in 1998, and was a shoo-in for the first time in almost any other year.
Perhaps the great stop for many was the unconventionalism of this film.
I would find it difficult to compare it to any other film I saw - it's very, very artistic, incredibly slow - and surprisingly, it works beautifully.
During my second overview, I realized that the film follows the structure of the three acts (I did not think it had a kind of structure when I saw it for the first time).
The first act is used to configure the characters - in a way.
There is even more to define a mood of tension and restoration, and perhaps even feelings of boredom.
And then it is broken by the intense violence of the second (which includes most of the film).
The majority of the film is a prolonged battle scene, interspersed with brief flashbacks and offenders.
The artistic elements do not harm the action, but add to it - they succeed in letting the spectator briefly take a look in the minds of the soldiers, to be suddenly given again when the battle resumes.
The battle scenes are incredible (only the second to "save the private Ryan" in my opinion).
They are brutal, horrible and sometimes beautiful due to the incredible cinematography.
The second act is as immersive, brilliant and haunting as any film I have ever seen.
The only problems arise during the first and third acts.
Malick takes a little too much time to start the film.
Although the initial scenes - which consist of two soldiers "know a paradise almost in the form of the type while going Awol, and the pre -ferrations for the battle - are effective and necessary, the pretension indices are sinking.
The film is just a little artistic towards the start, and many people who did not like the film probably abandoned it because of this.
The final act is effective in winding the film, but the problems of the first persist - it is a little too long and sometimes presents itself as pretentious.
That said, there are two sequences (one where a soldier obtains a devastating note from his wife, and another where one of the main characters is killed) who are simply incredible.
The performance is phenominal all around.
The two stars are Nick Nolte and the newcomer Jim Caviezel, who should both have been nominated for the Oscars.
Nolte is fascinating and intense as a colonel in charge of the operation.
His character is hard, bad and somewhat reckless with the life of his men, and yet Nolte manages to a sort of arouse sympathy for him.
Caviezel forever questions the nature of the war, its place in it, and if there is a deeper meaning for the hell it crosses.
It is absolutely perfect - authentic, sympathetic, sincere and yet strong when it must be.
Although limited to a relatively small role, Sean Penn is also very good as the company of the company.
As for the way he accumulates to "save the private Ryan" - it was my second favorite film from 1998, "Ryan" was my first.
It is really difficult to compare both - they are so different - so I will not do it, beyond saying that Spielberg's film has had more impact on me.
However, the two are comparable from the point of view of quality (I can easily see why someone "the slim red line" above "of Ryan).
I highly recommend them and consider them the two best war films ever made.
Overall, "The Thin Red Line" is the cinema of an incredibly high command.
Its slight faults are easily compensated by the pure shine of what is well done.
It is really a shame that he landed at the box office - unconventional, powerful and stimulating films do not appear very often.