Seen on August 8, 1998 at 6 p. Rotterdam Square Cinemas (Rotterdam, NY), theater # 6, by myself for free using my Mony / Loews pass.
[Theater note: * *: Good seats, sound and image]
War is a subject that cannot help being glorified as represented by the media.
Films, documentaries and even history books have a way to make the darker side of fascinating humanity, because the most general aspects are focused on, such as strategy, politics and victory.
It is easy to forget the war, in its most basic form, is an armies battle to massacre.
More easily formed is the fact that each soldier, whatever their rank or importance, is a real flesh and blood person and not just a number.
 "Saving Private Ryan" is one of the few films that dares to play this aspect, especially in its delivery without excuse and realistic.
This proves that there is a huge difference between fights and murders.
The film opens with one of the most graphic and disturbing scenes of recent memory.
It is the Second World War, D -Day to be exact, and the U.S. The soldiers invade Omaha beach where the Nazis are more than ready for them.
Spielberg uses many techniques to create for a total feeling of reality.
Instead of positioned cameras, the images here seem to have been shot by cameras operators who run alongside soldiers as if they were just as afraid.
There is no feeling of stability, but of constant, anxious and confusing movement, giving us the feeling of being in the midst of the battle, and just vulnerable as poor troops.
 "Poor" is an appropriate word to describe how pathetic and innocent fights are.
There is little or no dialogue throughout the strong battle and no prologue to define characters.
We do not have the impression that these are beautiful actors playing heroic roles, but that they are men about to kill and be killed for reasons beyond their understanding.
The Nazis are not described as enemies to hate, but as people who must be destroyed because they are there.
In the films, the good can cross a storm of bullets and bombs and not to make a scratch, but in reality, it would not happen.
Men have nothing to protect or protect them apart from certain metallic sides and corpses.
They are seated ducks and we realize this through the prospect of well -secured Germans who can really see who, what and where they shoot, unlike the Americans who must shoot in a general direction to avoid exploding their heads.
Perhaps the film is imperfect by providing no background on the war itself and which are really men, but that seems to be part of the theme.
The film seems to rely on the public's feeling of patriotism, that the American army is "right" and well and that the Nazis are "intrinsically bad".
The battle scene finally focuses on a group of men who miraculously survived and went near the enemy bastion (an entire 50 -foot progression), and begin to inflict damage.
I must admit that once the first overview of the victory over the Nazis appeared, I could not help but feel a certain sense of joy and relief.
Triumphing against all odds is a cliché, of course, but there is nothing cliché in the graphic atmosphere, detailed here because it really happened.
One of the most surprising aspects of the film is the little construction of history, and yet the events that take place have meaning and are interesting.
The intrigue is practically out of regard because the film is more concerned with the reality of war and the soldiers we meet.
Tom Hanks embodies Captain Miller, a relatively average man who happens to be the leader of a peloton.
He is never obsessive or such a generic and caricatured characteristic that could dominate a character like this.
He does not want to be more than his men there, but when he is given a mission, he intends to achieve it.
the mission The film is concerned by the title, as the title, save the soldier Ryan.
Thanks to a series of commands launched by an ordinary office employee, he is brought to the attention of a general that three Iowa brothers have been killed in combat and that their mother will receive opinions from everyone's death.
When they learn that a fourth brother is parked somewhere in Europe, they make it an absolute priority to make it safely to his mother.
It is easy to sympathize with this situation, after all, no one should have to lose all their children at the same time.
But finding a man in this war is, as Miller says, "like trying to find a needle in a stack of needles".
The safeguard of the private Ryan is not only a dramatic, but thematic system.
His salvation represents the meaning of innocence that the country, even the world, was trying to convince himself that he always had.
When Miller's company hears about the mission, they don't care about the idea by assuming that he died, but Miller is not so quick to raise his shoulders.
He knows that the only thing that can really save death soldiers is hope, and now he has the opportunity to make the sense of hope for someone a reality.
The mission of finding Ryan gives Miller the group a destination, but not to management.
Along the way, many things happen to them, good and bad.
Some battles are waged, so as not to be major achievements for the war, but because they meet German soldiers and have no other choice.
The act of killing itself becomes one of the main philosophical metaphors of the film.
The soldiers do not care to kill other soldiers in a blind battle, but when they meet a single survivor who begs them to let him go, they can barely prevent him from killing him in the cold blood like a kind of revenge fortheir losses.
Unfortunately, death is a fact of war, and most films are trying to avoid it with regard to the main characters, but here Spielberg does not want us to think that these men are invincible.
In fact, only a small amount of color and personality is sketched in each man, and the performance is good enough to operate this method.
Although the characters are somewhat typical, the actors maintain the control of the material at any time.
Whether they are arguing with each other, tell stories from their home or fight the Germans, they never go too far and always seem credible.
Of course, there is a zinger here and there, but the war does not change the fact that the boys will be boys.
If and when we die, we can also feel the loss, even if we barely knew them.
The final act completes history with another violent and violent battle sequence.
The Ryan soldier was found, but faced with four on a side, can the Americans defeat the Germans and keep Ryan alive?
It is not a premise for thrills, it is symbolic of everything for which the film worked.
It would be wrong to say that the film has a happy or sad end, it ends the way it should end.
I remember reading a comic strip "Calvin & Hobbes" where Calvin asked his father something like, "dad, how do the armies of men kill themselves solving problems?"
 "Saving Private Ryan" is the adult version of this issue.