These printed and televised advertisements deceive that "" fat "is always the word" is right on money.
To celebrate its 20th anniversary, this film comedy par excellence obtains the royal treatment reserved for classics like "Star Wars" - a well -deserved red carpet rerelalation.
It's fantastic, especially when you consider all the classic characters and the scenes that the film served - which can forget the playful of hemocyine fringing fretc (Didi Conn) by his guardian angel (Frankie Avalon)?
Or the hard nose director (Eve Arden) reminiscent of the student body to "be a sports support" by raising the team at home?
Or the basic master of the basic kiosk Vince Fontaine (Edd Byrnes) flirt with Marty (an empty pre- nid "Dinah Manhoff)?
And they are all probably considered minor moments ...
A very skinny John Travolta and a very young Olivia Newton-John have the respective tracks of Danny Zuko and Sandy Olsson, and their twinning is always classified as one of the most efficiently charming on the screen.
For the eight of you who do not know the story, here is a brief summary: the bad fat boy Danny and the good Australian girl Sandy are gathered for their senior year from 1959 to Rydell High after a brief adventure during the summer; The two thought that she was going to return to her native continent before the start of the school, but the two were wrong.
Sandy tries to rekindle their relationship, but Danny is a chat too cool to fall for his healthy appeal in front of her T-Bird friends (including Jeff Conaway).
So Sandy connects herself with a gang - the pink ladies, directed by Sassy, sexy rizzo (Stégard Channing, just superb as independent woman well in advance on her time) - and Danny, who always really feels loveFor her, a compromise of ideals to reconquer it.
The final of the Dragstecarpe breed.
The first centerpiece of the film is "Summer Nights", where Danny and Sandy tell the wildly different versions of their funny romance in the sun separately.
Not only are the "nights" extremely catchy, but it is also an intelligent look at the way men and women see the same events with different eyes.
There is not yet a live musical sequence which competes with the one-two punch of "you are the one I want" and "we go toggy", "grease" of euphoric cappers of "grease".
All this and some of the most pleasant moments come from smaller and quieter moments; the "desperately devoted to you" nominated to the Oscars "is a beautiful showcase for Newton-John, and the Channing Lamente ballad" there areThings worse that I could do "is one of the most unfairly negligent airs of" Grease ".
The soundtrack is remastered (although Travolta always hits this horrible note high at the end of the "nights") and the large restored screen allows us to see a previously pan-a-flans choreography, no outings or new musical numbers, notJabba the Hutt cameos.
And it is a testimony of timeless success of "fat" that nothing should be changed - it is the same global explosion, it has always been, with an attractive casting in a fun story told with great music.
For viewers of the 90s, "Grease" will probably remember disco and Bellbottom as much as it has returned its nostalgic origin against organic and poodle skirts.
But whatever the decade to which he transports us, we can all agree on one thing - without a doubt, "Grease" is always the word.