Perhaps the most important thing about this film is that it is not managed like the film Hallmark Hall of Fame of the month, because it could very well have been a manipulator tear, broadcast on ABC on Monday evening, with Kelly Martin and Yasmeen Bleeth, respectively.
Because it is not managed as the biggest story ever told, that is precisely why it is so great.
Under the cinematography in Tréat, the brilliant game and the constantly wonderful direction is a film of modesty, I do not know if this story is completely tall but with the bullets to run with it, tell it in a certain original way.
It does not simply go from the point of the plot to the point of the plot.
This goes from a character to the other.
He opposes the depth and style of all this, and makes the story of a cellist known to the world who contracts MS and dies prematurely in the history of two sisters, the two musicians, who have a totally unique relationship.
It is that their relationship is the center of history which means that this film transcends all the qualities of shameless, shamelessly, it could have had and the fact, unlike "patch adams", emotional and real effortless.
In short, this film is simply great.
He simply tells his story, and this is something that must be congratulated these days, while most of the stories are sloppy because they are not told by great storytellers.
Director Anand Tucker tells this story well.
He surmounts everything, but always keeps him real.
The film tells the story of Hilary and Jacqueline du Pr? (Rachel Griffiths and Emily Watson, respectively), two sisters who are seen for the first time in childhood (played by Auriol Evans and Keely Flandre, respectively) as the bestfriends.
They are also both musicians, Hilary a flautist and Jackie a cellist, and when it all starts, the two are considered to be prodigy children, but Hilary is considered the best of both.
Jackie, a little jealous, works and works on her game skills, and soon the tables are shot.
When they both struck adulthood, Hilary strives to come back, while her sister plays in famous rooms in the mining world Turn).
They marry, after a short nuptial parade, and move in a charming country house, making Jackie incredibly jealous since her cello game becomes a symbol of her current life: when she plays, she has the eyes of the world, but whenShe stops, she is.
She enters a superficial relationship with an equally famous pianist, Daniel Barenboim (James Frain), in the hope that she can overlap her sister, but she finally begins to lose her and fled in the house of the countryside ofHilary, where she hopes to gain admission, by Hilary to sleep with her husband, because no one with whom she sleeps gives her pleasure.
Everything is terribly melodramtic, as you can see, and when Jackie contracted the SP (in a brilliantly published scene which goes beyond the rupture scene in the semi-smiliary "shine" in technical and emotional devastation), it would beThe moment when I could easily call the sign for melodramatic overload if it had not been managed in this way.
The main thing here is that it is not a question of his progressive death and his madness, but rather that it is his tumultuous relationship with his sister, which, could I add, isPerfectly achieved.
Their relationship is the most earth-to-terre complex entity of the year: they love each other more than anyone around the world, but they are also completely jealous of each other.
When a young Jackie exceeds her playing capacities, she tries in vain to make a comeback but cannot, and almost seems to get married to return to Jackie for his success.
When Jackie landed on top and sees her sister marrying a wonderful man, she is jealous of her lifestyle with the most extensive rinks that I have never seen in a film (only two sisters who really like others would dare to share the same man).
And all the time, their love for each other is never doubted or even tested.
Another thing I really liked is the performance of Emily Watson.
I usually take a note from never to cause an actor too much to have played either a drunk or madman or a person with a deadly disease (or any combination of the three).
My reasoning is that it is an easy work.
The worst case for this year can be Newton Thandie in "Beloved": of course, it is good, but what is so difficult to play a woman who stumbles, breathes her words together and acts as a three -year -old child inA 20 years the body of Old?
Hell, I could play this if I had a pair of breasts.
In this same exact film, however, is a performance by Kimberly Elise where she must be the rock who keeps the family together while her mother becomes slowly crazy, her brothers flee to never be reviewed, and the lover ofHis mother is frightened.
She must actually face real emotions, something much more difficult than simple trebuches.
But the Academy of Arts and Sciences Loves likes the performance of overflowing like Newtons.
If you don't believe me, look at Jack Nicholson's performance in "As Good Thand It Getting": excellent performance, but easy work.
This is not the case for Watson, however, because his madness comes from real emotions, not just a point in the plot.
And thanks to the opening sequence, where we see it and hilary as children, we understand the motivations behind all its actions, and when it really contracts MS and begins to lose its mental health and its life, we already haveIncluding this is the last straw for a woman in the grip of terrible neuroses.
Rachel Griffiths, who would have otherwise been the sub-study of the Watson protagonist, actually corresponds to Watson Step-For-Step, because as Watson goes crazy, and requests indescribable things from her, Griffiths holds up and mustTo face what she is able to give her sister who needs emotional help on her.
Griffiths, an actress who is also unknown (and Watson being famous of "Breaking the Waves" and "The Boxer"), is absolutely brilliant, just as brilliant as Watson, and if the Academy and all the other groups of criticism, which haveConsidered Watson's performance the best of the year, take a look at hers because it is she who does not go crazy (read: she gets the boring role), then the cry of hysteria thatYou hear will be mine.
After all, Griffiths has the ungrateful work of keeping real things - the role of Tom Cruise in "Rainman" (the one who should have obtained a consideration of the Oscars and not Hoffman).
She does it, and if someone deserves praise from the academy this year, it's Griffiths.
Together, the two actresses work extremely well, however, and the two must cross a deep emotional hell, which have not been seen this year.
If he had not been it for a final section otherwise not early which treats far too much with Jackie and not enough with Hilary (when the two had obtained an equal treatment for all of them), I would say that it isOne of the top members of ten films of the year.
He is so close to perfection, in his structure, his treatment of his subject and his beautiful technical specifications (appointment of cinematography, without the slightest doubt in my mind, and perhaps film editing), that he isAlmost a pity that it is not the flawless defect that it should be.
But, hey, like that, I can barely complain.