I do not know how many other people have had the idea that their life could be a current television show watched by another world of people, but that's something I was wondering when I was younger.
I cannot decide if I thought it for the first time because I watched a lot of television or because my brother struck me in my head with a baseball bat, but I'm almost sure thatrewNiccol, screenwriter for the program Truman, had the same curious thought.
The Truman Show talks about a man (Jim Carrey) whose whole life was designed by a company and marketed to the public.
Since birth, he lives in the fictitious city of Seahaven, Florida., Which actually exists like a set of giant dome just beyond the Hollywood panel.
All the inhabitants of Truman Burbank's life are actors, and anonymous extras have paid extras.
People look at Truman's life 24 hours a day, live, without commercial interruptions.
Rather, income comes from the placement of the products, an essential contemporary Hollywood, with the friends and parents of Truman describing their consumption elements in gay and optimistic tones.
The sun rises and settles down and everyone loves everyone.
Even if you have not seen the Truman show, you have probably learned most of the crucial details of the advertisements, the trailer and other promotion blitz.
If something I have written so far is a surprise for you, then I have a shame for you to have made me a main source for your news of entertainment.
Anyway, you should probably know the premise of the Truman show, because otherwise you will probably think it fears.
It starts with Jim Carrey looking in a mirror, reciting the crucial scene "Eat Me" by Alive, wishing his neighbors a good day, in the afternoon and evening, and living in domestic happiness with his wife (LauraLinney).
But strange things are starting to happen.
A light of scene comes out of the sky, Truman hears people following his movements on the radio and he swears that he sees his deceased father.
We learn through a flashback that his father drowned when Truman was a child, sailing through a rain storm.
Death was staged by director Christof (Ed Harris), who wanted to scare water in Truman to prevent him from leaving the island.
Similar cruel manipulations prevent him from tripping on the truth, not the least of them the best friend of Truman, Marlon (Noah Emmerich), who assures him that he is not in conspiracy because the last thing that'He would never have done is to hurt him.
While Truman's confidence eyes are tearing themselves apart, Christof fades from emotional synthesizing music for a global audience of people who apparently never look at anything else.
There is even a daily behind the scenes of Harry Shearer which captures the highlights of Truman's existence.
The key to a film like this is to find the right balance between humor and drama, because a premise like this has its obvious implications in the two directions.
And it all depends on Carrey, which must balance the comic naïvette with a real feeling of desire and to lead to find out what is happening.
He has traveled a long way to talk about Butt's cheeks in Ace Ventura.
More fundamentally, it is simply interesting to follow, because the director Peter Weir shows us how he can capture the life of a person without the person realizing it - how he coordinates the extras, hides cameras and feeds automatic linesto the actors.
The most interesting thing about the Truman show is that most of us can probably imagine an ambitious director who presents a show like this.
Of course, the most interesting television genre of the 90s was the programming of the reality and the popularity of Jerry Springer is through the roof, but these people deserve to be humiliated to put their intimate details to the waves.
And when news emissions use hidden cameras, this is done in the name of the greatest good, no entertainment.
But merge both and you have the Truman show.
Right now, it's improbable - I mean, the FCC has won I do not let you say the word S in the air; do you think they would let you diffuse every detail of the life of a man worldwide without his consent?
One day, however, it could happen.
And, even if it would mean the end of intimacy, people would eat it.
You know they would.