According to Hollywood films made in recent decades, life in a small town is one of the worst things that could happen to a human being.
Worse still, fate awaits those who were unhappy to grow in these dark places and of God and who were then forced to live eternally traumatized by experience.
On the other hand, it seems that something more than the Atlantic Ocean divides America Europe, because one of the most popular and most loved European films has exactly the opposite view.
This film is Amarcord, 1974 comedy by the famous Italian director Federico Fellini, who then inspired many imitations and tributes, and even led some American screen artists to adopt his heretical opinions on the advantages of life in small town.
The film is based on the scenario of Fellini and Tonino Guerra and it does not have the intrigue in the usual sense.
Instead, we follow a year in the Italian seaside resort of Rimini from the 1930s through the series of short vignettes which represent various local events and customs, as well as series of local characters, often very colorful.
Although many of these characters sometimes take the role of narrator, the film focuses on his nominal protagonist, the 14 year old boy Titta (played by Bruno Zanin) and tells his sexual frustrations, obsession of the local beauty queen named Gradisca (Played by Magali Noel), the problems in his dysfunctional family with love, as well as the troubles that his father (played by Armando Brancia) has with the fascist diet of Mussolini.
Amarcord was often noted as the film of ultimate nostalgia, and that probably explains why it is very popular, even among people who do not like the work of Federico Fellini.
Each member of his potential audience would find part of himself in this film, because Fellini in this film clearly illustrates the natural human desire to paint in the best possible way.
The distortion between the real past and its subjective interpretation could be found even in the title of the film - the word "Amarord" is nothing more than the poorly pronounced phrase "I remember" in the local Italian dialect.
In the same way, the word is distorted, the same goes for the past in the memories of those who remember it.
After the first, Fellini rejected any assertion on the autobiographical character of this film, but it doesn't matter that Rimini of Amarord actually resembles Rimini's childhood by Fellini or not; any place and any timecould look like characters and situations of this film.
Fellini's opinions on nostalgia are clearly illustrated in a way it mixes reality and fantasy in this film.
Even the most naturalistic scenes are laid off with dark humor and grotesque images.
The characters resemble caricatures, actors who often play them deliberately, and women, especially those who feed the sexual fantasies of Titta, often have certain parts of the body with Gargantuan proportions.
From time to time, the scenes that describe the reality of the 1930s gradually slip into the fantasies of the characters in the film and Rimini becomes almost indistinguishable from the magical place in the visions of the characters.
For this reason, almost everything in this film seems different, and in most cases better, that he would have looked in real life.
Even fascism makes up Fellinian - Fellini considers Mussolini's totalitarian regime as nothing more than the visual spectacle (explaining why similar regimes enjoyed such popular support through history) and the opportunity for comedy.
When fascists finally show their real colors and start torturing their opponents, even it becomes an opportunity for macabre humor scenes.
Unlike many of his Italian colleagues in the 1970s, who had used the period in the 1930s to explicitly condemn fascism and serve the fashionable political agenda, Fellini does not care as much about politics.
The lack of self -employed perspective is offset by Fellini's humanist approach to his characters.
Each of them, whatever age, sex, Social class or physical appearance, has the possibility of expressing your views, dreams and fears.
Fellini treats all these characters with warmth and affection, even when he paints them like grotesque caricatures of real people.
Because of this warmth and democratic spirit, Amarcord could be considered one of the most human films of the 20th century, and it maintains its good general atmosphere despite having many uncomfortable, melancholy and even momentstragic.
Fellini could not produce such effects without using his own talent as a director who gave this film a very personal touch.
The vignettes are not memorable because of the characters only; Fellini uses a camera, a film of painting in bright colors, especially in the scenes that describe the fantasies of the character.
Fellini also knows how to use locations, whether this place is a luxurious hotel, a long -colored beach or a rural countryside.
Even the Terre-à-Terre streets of Rimini, where everyone knows everyone, obtains a magical dimension during snowfall.
On the other hand, the lack of credible special effects has somewhat reduced the same effect during the scene of the ocean lining.
This atmosphere is also provided by an incredible talent of the composer and Nino Rota for a long time of Fellini.
Its Amarcord theme is probably one of the most recognizable, most popular and relaxing and most edifying pieces of music ever produced.
This music alone should be the reason to consider Amarcord as one of the indisputable classics of the seventh art.