"A Breed Apart" throws Rutger Hauer like a crazy recluse and loving the birds who chooses his feathered friends on Kathleen Turner.
A little difficult to swallow?
It is only the first of many improbability in this film.
Hauer plays a man obsessed with keeping birds on his island in security, while Boothe plays a guy hired to steal some rare eggs by a rich collection of eggs.
Turner is the woman taken between the two men.
 "A separate breed" is not exactly a bad film.
Indeed, I found myself rooted both for the characters Hauer and Boothe, even if their objectives could not be more different.
The problem with the film is that there are simply too many inconsistencies.
For example, at the start of the film, Hauer physically agrees two drunk rednecks shooting on "his" birds.
Later, the Rednecks come back to take revenge with four other people, and Hauer kills a few.
I find it hard to believe that the police would not get involved at that time.
Another problem is the silly romantic triangle that is developing.
I didn't care in one way or another that ended up with Turner.
I was more interested in discovering which of the two men would be victorious in their respective missions.
However, despite this uninteresting sub-place, Turner has managed to give great performance as a woman reminding two men that there is sometimes more to life than to money and birds.
As for Hauer, it is an actor that I have always admired.
He has a penchant to choose strange and unusual characters.
And this one is no exception.
He has often seen rolling around his island on a white horse, wearing pirate clothes and keeps an intercarouche.
Despite all his eccentric manners, Hauer always manages to let the human side of his character shine.
For example, there is a scene in which he barks to Turner and his son because they came to his island one day earlier.
He presents himself as a crazy lonely in this scene, but a few minutes later, he apologizes to Turner, and we believe his intentions.
Shortly after, we discover that he is a veterinarian of Vietnam, and his actions become clear enough for us.
 "A separate breed" is not an excellent film, but it contains good performance by the three tracks, and it is worth seeing for this reason.