Now that "Boogie Nights" has again had a respectable disco (well, at least fashionable), we should not be surprised to see more films glorify this questionable era.
The latest interpretation of the art house is "The Last Days of Disco" by Whit Stillman.
Stillman, who made "Metropolitan" and "Barcelona" using some of the same actors, uses the last hours of disco to emphasize what is another film rich in conversation that takes advantage of a generally clever writing of the director.
The young professional on the rise (do not call them Yuppies!)
The men and women of "The Last Days of Disco" frequent a prestigious Pulling New York nightclub with the rhythms of the bass of the wind and the fire of the earth, Amy Grant and Andrea True Connection.
Here, they speak and speak and speak, intellectualizing things such as dating, success and the loved one, accepted and admired.
If the conversation is cheap, "the last days of disco" must surely be an extremely cheap film to shoot.
What makes the film so entertaining is that this set of Jet-Instruction of Preppie, educated in Harvard has in fact something to say and to say it with the mind, perception and style (including, toA given moment, an inventive riot deconstruction of "the lady and the tramp").
N / A? Ve Alice (Chlo? Sevigny) and Sophisticated Charlotte (Kate Beckinsale) are recent graduates who work as assistant publishers for a publishing house in New York.
Charlotte is confident and frank - perhaps a little too frank; Alice is shy and introverted, "like a kindergarten teacher".
The two friends have often launched themselves and go to the nameless night spot, the air and looking for excitement (and that MS. Beckinsale really looks good on a dancefloor!).
Here, they meet or remind, a variety of eligible men, many of whom they knew at university.
From (played by Stillman's favorite, Christopher Eigeman) is one of the managers of the club whose work is at stake to distort his friends of advertising agency at the back.
A reached a point of crisis in his life: he has just discovered Wednesday, in fact - that he is gay.
Whether it is true or not, it makes a practical excuse to throw her last girlfriend (Jennifer Beals in a small but soul).
Charlotte observes Cattly that the only gay thing about is her mouth.
Jimmy (Mackenzie Astin) is the director of advertising who, at the end of the image, is heading for a new job opportunity in Spain (visions of "Barcelona"?).
Josh (Matt Keeslar) is an assistant district prosecutor who dreams of being able to say, only once, "book this clown!"
And Robert Sean Leonard plays another of Alice's turning contenders; the two have a fun exchange on the true definition of virginity.
Any film that can make Robert Sean Leonard Politable is worthy of respect in my book.
In fact, the whole whole is attractive in this well spoken way.
While the avoidance of "fierce twinning" is a privileged subject of conversation in the film, the protagonists tend to slip and get out of love, lust and problems with each other in an emotional merry -go -roundwho intelligently develops his characters with dynamic "favorite" crossing of the interaction of social groups.
More mature than the two previous films of Stillman, "The Last Days of Disco" is as constantly funny as it is stimulating.
It is a film you should certainly go.