Director Dominic Sena (who made the very underestimated Kalifornia) and producer Jerry Bruckheimer (The Rock, Armageddon) bring us a smooth and entertaining remake of the 1974 film of the same name as no one has ever seen.
Nicolas Cage plays Memphis, a retired car thief who "withdrew" in the company by a evil car thief (Christopher Eccleston) determined to kill the little brother of Memphis (Giovanni Ribisi).
Memphis is sentenced to flying 50 cars in four days where his brother will meet an unhappy disappearance, while having to escape the hot detectives on his track and a rival car thief who feels that the work should have been given to him and his gang.
Memphis proposes to reassemble his old crew, but discovers that most of them have also retired.
Made in sixty seconds does things from the opening credits.
In this sequence, we obtain a small Rockin song from Moby, as well as a simple back story told only with photographs and matching objects.
The filmmakers can sometimes make or break a film just from its opening title sequence, and it easily puts you in the state of mind for entertaining conduct.
And the following does not disappoint ...
Cage turns into one of his good performances here (he can easily go in both directions ....
Good or bad ...
I do not know how he does that), and his ways and his delivery of dialogue transport the film well.
Members of the support distribution, Angelina Jolie as the old love of Memphis is in the film just to provide candy for the eyes (she is definitely the hottest fat I have ever seen) and Robert Duvall because L'Old mentor of Memphis is right there to lend him the class of the class.
In addition, I am a big fan of Will Patton (Armageddon, the factor) and I would like to see him play a huge role one day.
None of these three artists has many things to do.
However, some underestimated artists receive fleshy support roles.
Delroy Lindo (Get Shorty) shines as a detective exasperated in pursuit of Memphis, just like Timothy Olyphant (Go) as a partner of Lindo.
I just want some of the other characters could have been so important.
The only real blame I have on the film is his conclusion ...
Mainly because you know how it will end before the opening credits even drive.
There is no doubt in the spirit of anyone who the 50 cars will be successfully stolen, and the filmmakers have exploded a perfect opportunity to add suspense to the image using the "Rival because Thief" intrigue.
In the current state of things, this story is wrapped halfway through the film in a small, tidy package.
But if I made this film, I would have had the rival gang trying to go to the cars before Memphis and its crew, doing as well as Memphis must improvise ...
Adding meat to the plot.
The final is essentially just a big car prosecution, and there are simply no more means to make the proceedings by car interesting.
Everything has been done.
The prosecution is also turned and published in this kind of action sequence "Jerry Bruckheimer" which lets the public wonder what is happening specifically in the scene.
Of course, it's a car prosecution, but what exactly are the details?
It's very difficult to say!
Finally, there is a blow during this scene which approaches the sequence of "bus jumping the ramp" of speed in the "oh, I do not think that ..."
department .
Despite these minor complaints, he disappeared in sixty seconds is pure summer film entertainment.
It is not likely to think, but it is shiny, noisy and fun ...
What a summer film should be.
[PG-13]