The Disney Studios have its formula for the animated animated animated features, so that it is difficult to remember which you are looking at at some point.
 "Mulan", their 36th lively adventure, is the latest example.
Once again, we have a story focused on a very central character (woman as usual; Disney is one of the few studios whose heroines - Ariel, Belle, Pocahontas and now Mulan - have an equal time with theirhero in recent years).
Add the romantic interest required and a acolyte or two wise men, PEP on the soundtrack with a handful of strategically placed songs (an introspective number of a swimming pool or looking in a mirror, an exciting hymn, a cute crowd andSupported by the montagepleaser), represent some threats in our engaging advance and link things perfectly by the closing credits.
Bob is your uncle!
Better to do that Walt is your uncle ...
Children will undoubtedly pass Ga -Ga on "Mulan" (or at least fast food ties), but familiarity can, after a certain time, leave adults - this criticism included - doing a little more.
Maybe an animated function without - Shock!
Horror!-The
Songs, for example?
Or maybe a film in which a cheeky chihuahua called long pepe to become a Trinidad matador ??
How about just abandoning acolytes completely?
It will not happen.
Like the previous entries of Disney, "Mulan" is slow to make its brand.
Animation tends to suffer from a certain break at the beginning and the humorous element, a crazy dragon wannabe (in the form of a losses lizard with a case of dry mouth, graciousness of the animated vocal talents of EddieMurphy), plays as an inappropriate if necessary (in terms of formula) afterwards.
However, after about an hour, everything gathers and the formula, true, clicks.
The protruding facts include a spectacular cavalry load on a snowy pass (which, due to the sophistication of today's computer -generated imagery, is difficult to say of the real thing), a memorable musical interlude and toBreathtaking ("I'm going to make a man of you," wrote by Matthew Wilder and David Zippel), and finally but less Mulan herself.
Expressed by Ming-Na Wen, Mulan is the strongest female character in Disney to date.
When hordes of Huns spill on the large wall of China and threaten to overthrow the imperial palace, the emperor decrees that each family of the land sends a man to serve in the imperial army.
Since Mulan's father is disabled, but proud, the high enthusiasm mulan steals his father's armor and, incognito, is part of the Mongolian threat.
Attracted by, but not distracted by, his commander Shang (b. D.
Wong), Mulan surpasses his colleagues combatants in intelligence, in mind and physical capacity.
She is a woman from the 90s a few millennia in advance on her time.