Have you ever wondered if Dennis Rodman was actually this planet?
Or if Sylvester Stallone was a kind of bizarre extraterrestrial?
I used to think that my 7th year English teacher, MS.CAREY.
But after seeing this film, they may have confirmed my suspicions.
As history says, at any time, there is more than a thousand extraterrestrials that live among us here on earth.
Men in black (MIB) are guard dogs who supervise cosmic citizens, guards of our beloved planet of foreigners in bad mood and secret services to the stars.
Based in New York (where bizarre is the norm), the MIB organization gives a human form to our space emigrants so that they can walk and live with us unnoticed.
But to apply the laws of the earth, the MIB carries weapons which are powerful enough to meet or exceed the quotas of destruction in a single explosion.
They carry a technology from another world to erase the short -term memory of people when ordinary people see the MIB in action.
And their best tracks on cosmic things that are the tabloids of supermarkets.
We do not know that there are much stronger battles of good V.The badly takes place in the depths of space.
One of the extraterrestrial-humans of this planet is an important diplomat who carries something very precious.
He holds the "key", literally, to universal peace.
A giant extraterrestrial in the form of a cockroach soon arrives on the planet and steals this "key".
In bad extraterrestrial hands (fins?
Mandibles?
Tentacles?), Can it be used as a weapon.
Therefore, it must be recovered and returned to its legitimate owners.
Otherwise, to ensure universal security, the land will be destroyed, as well as the "key".
Now, the MIB must prevent this disaster.
Mib agents on the case are "k", played by Tommy Lee Jones.
It is more crust than the toast and even more serious than Al Gore.
The stars in the sky no longer move in his eyes.
He is accompanied by an unpleasant recruit, "J", played by Will Smith.
But, despite this premise of Pousse-Em-Up, Protect-Earth-From-Destruction, it is nothing like a typical summer action film.
And it is not an introduction by the day of independence.
Rather, it is an elegantly offbeat science fiction comedy which makes fun of what the government always denies? That there are real foreigners who live here and that the government does its best to cover them.
But to give it a certain feeling of excitement and to keep it in the parameters of the recipe for the summer film, there must be a kind of earth scenario in the balance sheet.
However, this film is very attractive.
The abundance of beer (speaking extraterrestrials, pee atomizers, a mortician who `` lives '' for his work, and many bugs and gallery pebbles of Slime), are played directly, as if it wasNormal (of course, we are in New York).
This gives it an impassive feeling, which makes it all the more funny and more and more.
Jones plays the venerable agent seen with seriousness and maturity.
Smith is sympathetic and makes an excellent comic strip of Jones's hetero routine.
They click like Ruby Red Ruby shoes from Dorothy.
The appearance and feeling of the film are still improved with the direction of Barry Sonnenfeld (the Addam family).
This guy has a talent for the comedy `` Gothique '' and successfully transfers his sense of macabre humor on the screen.
And, an appropriate dose of special effects helps strengthen the oddity of their task without diverting the attention of human actors.
History moves well, and before knowing it, end credits are already rolling!
The result is 100 minutes of pleasure in the form of Ewwwws and Blechhhs, Aaaahhs and Wows.
Let the men in black protect and color your world.