The 30 -second Happy Bastard review
daddy
Happy Gilmore as a father?
Of course !
This is the latest script presented by Adam Sandler in the new film Big Daddy, a film that is passable but which is not really considered as some of the best work of Sandler.
He doesn't really play Happy Gilmore in the film, but a variation of him.
He is Sonny Coufax, a man who lives from a colony he obtained for a taxi flowing on his foot and his concert of one day a week as a toll man (Tollbooth Willie?).
Her girlfriend (Kristy Swanson) is fed up with her lifestyle and asked for a change before she leaves him.
Enter a 5 -year -old child, who mysteriously fell to his door and intended for his roomocatener Preppy (Jon Stewart), who left for China during a business trip.
From there, Coufax acts essentially as the child's father, teaching him different things like peeing on the side of a building and tripping with skaters with sticks.
He even manages to use the child in a kind of stupid game to attract the attention of a beautiful law worker (Joey Lauren Adams), but, in one way or another, he also attracts the'Attention of social services, which are not particularly satisfied with covers, as he claims to be his roommate to keep the child.
The reason I say that it is not really the best work of Sandler, it is because it really becomes Sappy towards the end of a film, showing strange feelings that did not really belong to a vehicleSandler.
I mean, it corresponds to the tone of the film and to everything, and Sandler manages it well, but it's just strangely placed, that's all.
Fortunately, he does not destroy the awkward path of joy he has followed and that always makes you feel good.
Sandler does a good job here, as he does in most of his films.
Rob Schneider, however, is irritating as his friend, an immigrant delivery man who cannot read.
Stewart, in a minor on the screen, is great, and Adams remains a joy to look at.
Look for Steve Buscemi as well as a homeless tramp.
It's a hoe.
Made by Dennis Dugan (director of Happy Gilmore), the film remains a few good hours to spend the time.
Again, there are faults, but, hey, everyone must sometimes become emotional.