You don't want to be like Mike.
Mike did badly.
embarrassing bad.
He broke up a six-year relationship six months ago to go from N.Y. to L. Un. And he is still not above her.
As a result, his jokes fall flat when he tries to impress, and he is an actor.
Well, an unemployed actor, one of the little Hollywood fish, and he became so bad that he asked for a request from Starbuck.
In fact, the Starbuck thing is still empire.
And worse.
You will not fail to love Mike, however, played with attachment by Jon Favreau.
The swingers revolve around the shy and annoying efforts of Mike to get back into the social swing of things.
To this end, he is enthusiastically assisted by his friends actors who are equally underperforming the twenty, like Trent (Vince Vaughn with the most lively performance of the film), who has the gift of Gab at the limit of the disturbing side ofThe motivation of motivation, of Sue Toting (Patrickn Horn), and Rob (Ron Livingston), who once played Hamlet but now aspires to work as clumsy in Disneyland, but does not succeed because of his lack of "experience totheme".
Together, they speak of women - how to establish visual contact, which implies avoiding it, and when to call to never seem desperate, two days being "standard of industry".
After talking about the conversation, they walk the walk, strutting like the fresh swingers they aspire to be, always at a laughable effect.
To get Mike out of his funk, his friends constantly convince him of going out, whether for a quick night trip to a shabby vegas casino or a Hollywood party sparkled with the beautiful people or a Swing lounge from the 1950s.
Everywhere, they encourage Mike to seek replacement "honey", then vigilant about his progress, or in his absence.
Like the dominant parents Dotty, Mike never leaves their business without being recipient of their trust cheerleading ("You are money, Mike, and the Honeys know it.") Or equipped with their eccentric meeting philosophies, like aFlirting analogy with or rabbit.
With the unshakable support of friends like these, maybe Mike does not hurt too much after all.
Favreau has also doubled as a screenwriter of the film, and he proves that he has the gift to create engaging characters and full-minded jokes that go beyond today.
There is a reassuring honesty with friendships, even when she strikes her low points and friends compare himself.
When Mike gets gupture to seek love, you will also join his Cheerleading section.
Swingers are light and modest dishes, sweet candies with whom you want to break - laugh - again and again.