Originally launched in 1978, this popular film was reintroduced in 1998 in a brand new generation of moviegoers.
Based on the powerful successful musical by Broadway, fat was followed in 1980 with the less stellar fat 2 (6. 5/10),
Featuring a young Michelle Pheiffer in one of her first feature film roles.
Land: taking place musical in high school in the 1950s, presenting the relationship between Cool Danny Zuko of T-Birds (Travolta) and Sandy Olsen innocent and pure (Newton-John) of Australia.
The film follows the couple and their lively friends in their last year at Rydell High through song, dance and humor.
Critality: a fun, energetic and innocent look sometimes much simpler.
This film actually juggles a slim romantic story and the global experience of the 1950s, with a superb soundtrack and some major dance issues.
Admittedly, I am somewhat biased in this opinion, because this film explodes me in my past as a young rebel (Grease was one of the first experiences of Schmoe on the big screen, and all the other scenes do me inThe time of my elaborate fat bubble -Gum Card Collection), and the least responsibilities I had at that time.
But apart from the nostalgic atmosphere, I have always been extremely impressed by this film, because it continued to have fun, despite my dozen previous visits.
This film took John Travolta from a dark spirit "Sweathog" on the welcome of Kotter television, and transformed it into a film star of spectacular proportions (Saturday Night Fever (7. 5/10) into1979 confirmed this sudden popularity).
Unfortunately for the rest of the distribution, its popularity was not terribly contagious, despite their effective projections in this classic film.
On the descended side, part of the absolute innocence of this film could disrupt or extinguish people (like when Sandy sings about "Drinking lemonade" and "Stay in use up to 10" with Danny in "Summer Nights "), and the plot is not exactly the most elaborate driving ever created, but despite these small reserves, this film carries enough music and high energy to keep anyone amused through its operating timeRapid of 110 minutes (and believe me ... I.
I'm not a fan of musicals !!).
Make sure you look for a young Lorenzo Lamas in the static role of the brainless football player, as well as the national kiosk dance competition as one of the absolute strengths of the film.
And don't forget to buy the popular soundtrack afterwards, so that you can listen to its energetic tunes each time you feel a little blue.
Unknown facts: Henry Winkler, of Fonzie's renown of television, refused the part of Danny Zuko because he did not want to be typed for the rest of his career.
Travolta and Conaway were struck by Newton-John during the shooting of this image.
Conaway finally lost Woo-Fest and married Newton-John's sister a year later (divorced after five years).