Make his director's debut, actor Jon Favreau brings his co-star of swingers, Vince Vaughn, for this story of two cups on a career trajectory in Nowheresville.
Favreau, who also wrote the script, is Bobby, Vaughn is Ricky.
During the day, they are construction workers.
They are also suitors, but none had much success.
Their last fight opposed them to each other and was a draw, leaving the Bobby record at 5-5-1.
These two l. Un. The guys not if they are also working for Max (Peter Falk), an intermediate level gangster, which is patient and understanding with Bobby, but which hates Ricky's guts.
Max has easy work for Bobby; fly for New York and make a simple delivery to a gangster named Ruiz (a smooth and silky sean combs).
Bobby, because of his life friendship with Ricky, begs Max to give his boyfriend another chance and let him accompany the Big Apple.
Against his best judgment, Max agrees.
Of course, Ricky, a Motormouth that inserts both feet every time he speaks, poses almost everything.
While Bobby is trying to stay calm and professional, Ricky is starting to boast and throw money as if he were John Gotti or Tony Soprano.
The contrast in styles and chemistry between Favreau and Vaughn is what makes you so pleasant to look at.
Favreau with his dog's dog face and his slow combustion personality could be a modern, but much wiser oliver hardy.
Vaughn is like someone vaccinated with a phonograph needle, he continues to jump and yakking, ignoring the ravages he creates.
However, despite the constant aggravation and aggravation of Bobby with his partner, a bond of affection and loyalty binds them.
The contrast between the two friends is interesting to look at.
Bobby is buttoned, closely rolled up, still waiting for the next Ricky shoe - to fall.
Ricky is especially unconscious of the problems he creates and is really surprised when he is attacked for his false break.
In New York, the two lacans are like fish out of the water, stumbling from one situation to another, trying to stay alive.
Combs is elegant, cool and discreet threatening while the gangsta they are sent to meet.
Falk is fun in its small role, while Famke Janssen almost breaks your heart as a girlfriend of Bobby.
More than anything, Made is a film with heart.
He is noisy, unpleasant and very talkative.
But the camera shop between Bobby and Ricky has the key to his interest.
Favreau does a commendable job during his beginnings as a director.
He is a player to watch because he can only improve with experience.