In undoubtedly the most anticipated film of this century, George Lucas made a very mixed reaction to a safe blockbuster.
Despite the fact that the script and the plot are a little disappointed, the whole film overall can be considered an important step in technical excellence, in the department of sound effects and special effects.
In terms of characters, Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman) is by far the most remarkable and interesting, whose mature performance far exceeds its age of 14.
She is a warm baby who defines true? Leadership of women ”.
She has not only a presence, but knows how to take command of the situation and save her planet from ruin.
No thank you to the Jedi Knights who, although directed by force, lack qualities of leadership in terms of reflection to do anything.
The young Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) who has a bad day of hair in each scene, can kill a villain at the end, but does not have a love interest in making him a kind of desirable hero.
In fact, all the Jedi Knight are a bit asexual - there must be something about the force that makes them all the hermits and the solitary.
I mean it would be interesting to see Yoda's girlfriend for a change, if he has one.
It is not much better, it is Qu-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) which covers mainly, and has better hair than Obi-Wan, but only to find the young Anakin Skywalker and make the biggest error in his life.
George Lucas is also fascinating? The theory of metoclorian, who claims that microorganisms live in our cells and attach us to the tissue of the universe.
And it is the high concentrations of these organisms in an individual who make them particularly powerful in force.
The claims to the immaculate conception of Dark Vader are more human, undoubtedly a concept stolen from the Christian faith, except that there will be no Christmas to celebrate the birth of this dark emissary of force.
Overall, an experience that should not be missed due to the very fact that it is a predecessor which almost commands a vision of this lower successor.
By all means, not the ultimate in Star Wars phenomena but an adequate addition to the clan.
Beware of the next one, it should be a hot meeting between Queen Amidala and Anakin Skywalker - who I believe should be represented by? Leonardo DiCaprio.