There are works of art that are almost impossible to review, not because of their own complexity, but because of their legendary status, which prevents the critic from saying anything original.
One of these masterpieces is Casablanca, probably not the best film in the history of the seventh art, but certainly the most popular.
Its popularity can be measured not in a multitude of more or less disguised remakes which have been carried out in more than half a century since its first, but also in countless tributes and references that filmmakers use in their works to thisday.
Casablanca is also a film that has the very rare virtue of being both rented by critics and loved by the general public.
One of the things that makes this film even more unique was the fact that it was doomed to failure, to judge by the conventional wisdom of the realization of films of its time.
It was based on a piece of Broadway so mediocre that it had not been produced on stage; scenario by three writers - Julius G.Epstein, Philip J.Epstein and Howard Koch - were written while the shot continued; theMain actors were the second choice of producers and, finally, the man behind the camera, Michael Curtiz was considered capable, but not a great director.
However, the film succeeded in trade and won three "Oscars", including that of the best film.
To date, he is considered the best example of making Hollywood films at his own golden age.
The intrigue of the film was strongly influenced by the needs of the propaganda of the Second World War, but it also used fairly complicated and now almost forgotten political circumstances of this world conflict in order to make an intriguing history.
In December 1941, the exotic port of Casablanca on the Atlantic coast of North Africa was controlled by the French government of Vichy officially neutral, but Nazi.
Thousands of European refugees torn apart by war are stuck on the Lisbon path and America's safety, and ready to pay any price for precious outing visas.
Many shady characters thrive on their misery, including the corrupt police chief, Captain Renault (rains).
His best friend is Rick Blaine (Bogart), who was an idealistic anti-fascist, and now has a popular night club in Casablanca and lives with his own cynical philosophy of "sticking his neck for anyone".
However, everything changes when it is in possession of two precious additional visas.
This event coincides with the arrival of two new refugees in Casablanca.
One of them is Victor Laszlo (Henreid), chief of the Czech resistance who escaped three times from the Nazi concentration camps and has become the legend of enslaved Europe.
He is accompanied by his beautiful wife Ilsa Lund (Bergman), with whom Rick had a stormy affair on the eve of the Nazi occupation of Paris.
The couple needs visas, especially because of the major of the Gestapo (Veidt) on their path.
Rick is now obliged to choose between love, injured pride, self-preserving interest and his own hatred of fascism.
The cast of this film seems to be influenced by divine inspiration - Humphrey Bogart, the most legendary actor in the history of cinema, is one of the few actors of character who raised his character with star status.
The representation of Bogart de Rick as a complicated man, torn between the idealistic past and the present bitter, was so perfect, that his icon would be forever linked to this character.
Another icon of his company is Ingrid Bergman, a great actress of Old Hollywood, here in her artistic and visual bonus.
The cinematic coupling of Bogart and Bergman has become one of the main symbols of this era of cinema - happier moments when romance on the screen does not seem childish or banal as in more contemporary works.
For many people, Casablanca is probably the best romantic film ever made.
But the reason is not the romance itself - it is the realistic story of people forced to make hard and often badly cho In their lives.
The casting of Casablanca was just on the target, and not only in a case of main tracks.
Support actors have also done a wonderful job.
Sidney Longstreet and Peter Lorre were mainly here to give a mystical flavor identified in a classic precedent of Bogart - the Maltese hawk by John Huston; however, both managed to represent colorful and original characters.
Another brilliant example of good casting is now almost forgotten Paul Henreid like the weakest part of the love triangle; the character of Victor Laszlo has credible charisma and looks like a person who could inspire millions of people to get up against the TiranceNazi.
Unfortunately, the charisma that kept Laszlo, leaves little room for a difficult choice, which makes his character forever overshadowed by the Rick / Ilsa coupling.
However, Rick and Ilsa actually have serious competition for the most memorable character in Casablanca.
Captain Renault, brilliantly portrayed by Claude Rains in a role of life, embodied a perfect and almost unequaled balance between ethical corruption and physical charm.
Despite being the undeniable villain in an almost whole film, Rains managed to make the sympathetic character of Renault, and his final conversion alongside the good, symbolized in a gesture not so subtle at the end of the film was notnecessary.
The rains also gave another dimension to the film, which makes it even more ambiguous; people who like to analyze the films to death have discovered signs of homosexuality in Renault's relationship to Rick, and Rick's last words leavefrom room to even more scandalous speculation.
With well -drawn characters and an exciting story, the film was good in the creation of its own atmosphere.
Professional nitpickers would probably have a day on the ground to discover many historical and geographic inaccuracies, but Casablanca is always a brilliant example of Hollywood film of the Second World War which is eligible, if not realistic.
Anyway, even if we do not see it as a historical document, Casablanca is a film that can be a source of entertainment as well as an infinite inspiration.