Nowadays Hanoi, three sisters are thinking about their parents' relationship while trying to define theirs in the writer / director Tran Anh Hung ("The Scent of Green Papaya") "The vertical Ray of the Sun".
The youngest sister link (tran naked yen-khe) salutes the day with Hai (Ongo Quanq Hai), the only brother with whom she rooms and flirts tirelessly.
Their morning ritual of Tai Chi and Lou Reed precedes cross the street at the eldest cafe of the older sister Suong (Nguyen Nhu Quynh), where the privilege, for breakfast.
The three sisters love with love the commemorative banquet of their mother of traditional specialties, were preparing as much to taste as taste, while laughing at the differences between the sexes.
After the family breaks from the banquet, we learn that the young son of Suong `` Little Monkey '' is endowed, but there is a distance that develops with her husband Quoc (Chu Ngoc Hung), who leaves for theOne of his usual botanical photography trips.
The sister in the middle Khanh (Tran Manh Cuong) tells her writer's husband that she is pregnant before going on a trip to Saigon to search for Tuan, a mysterious man in the past of her mother-in-law.
The privilege continues to crawl in the hai bed at night, dropping it.
The initial serenity which we witnessed begins to turn into a soap before taking place in a loop a month later, while the three women prepare the commemorative banquet of their father.
 "The vertical ray of the sun" is a contemplative piece where strong passions exist under calm exteriors.
Sneaky humor, deception and hard truths all exist in the cyclic scenario.
Tran Anh suspended and its director of photography Mark Lee Ping -Bin ("Flowers of Shanghai") lingers and repeating the little gestures of daily life - a woman washes her husband, a woman makes the danceWater in a bowl, a man draws his lover for him facing him before separating.
Small spaces such as rooms, alleys and lessons create privacy.
The green color, symbolizing life and tranquility, is strongly used in the visual style of the film, unleashing in shades and yellowish blues.
The film of the writer / director Tran Anh Hung recalls "Eat Drink Man Woman" by Ang Lee, another story of three sisters of variable modernity traditionally meeting for a parent.
But while the film more traditionally based on history has led to radical changes for all the people concerned, "the vertical ray of the characters of the sun strives with peaceful harmony.
Watching it is like following your fingertips in a flow on a fresh spring day.