"The Celebration" is one of the elite films that is completely absorbent.
You know, where you sit down to watch it, and no matter what you heard about it before, you can't help but be fully trained in its history and shocked by each round that occurs.
I prefer films like these because it is what the best type of movies look like.
I don't really think there are real "rules" for cinema; a film can do everything, as long as it operates.
But I ask that all films have one thing in common: they create experiences.
When I watch a film, whatever the type of film, I want to be able to take some memories with me.
 "The Celebration" is great because it is full of these.
This creates a world so completely realistic that everything that happens is as memorable as the small cases of life that attract your attention and stay with you for the rest of your life.
And then that makes things just a little farscial, just to make sure you pay attention, what you are because what is happening is so interesting that if you never feel bored, so you have your attention a littlesetting.
The story takes place in the extravagant house of an aging patriarch (Henning Mortizen), which has just been 60 years old and organized a party for him.
All his friends and family arise, and during the first half hour, we presented ourselves to everyone, in a simplistic and realistic way (no aggravating condescending pose for the offers of the camera here).
The eldest son, Christian (Ulrich Thomsen, a little like a young Malcolm McDowell), is the first to be seen in the film, walking with his father.
His brother, Michael (Thomas Bo Larsen), passes, stops, greets him, then expels his family from the car, forcing them to go to the field, so that Christian can be comfortable.
We then meet Helene (Paprika Steen), their sister, a woman who always seems stressed, who invites the driver of her car (Gbatokai Dakinah), an American, to come and join her at the party to which she is going.
Once they are all there and have settled, the party begins, and as a custom, the eldest son must make a speech to his father, then Christian rises, at the head of the table, and reveals the punchlineof the film: his father -in -law all his children at a young age.
But as it is a matter of family / friends, his confession becomes more hated than the supposed truth, and is simply postponed despite his efforts, and what is happening is somehow that JerrySpringer crossed with Jean Renoir, and it's terribly interesting to watch.
Runnings occur, and soon the film has taken an almost familiar nature, but always seems realistic because the people involved really have the impression of being able to reach such ends.
The most notorious thing about this film, which has been the most wise, however, is that the director, Thomas Ventterberg shot him in a completely clumsy way.
As a Member of the Danish Filmmakers Clan, Dogme 95, A Group that has vowed to oppose "The author concept, make-up, illusions, and dramaturgical predictability" so that they may "purge movie so that once again the inner Lives of thecharacters justify the intrigue.
I have not seen "Breaking the Waves", the other notable film of a member of this group (Lars von Trier, to be exact), but "the celebration" works exquisite in this department.
It looks like reality, as if you were really looking at real people and not actors, and as a major pointer, has been shot video.
As a result, it looks more like home movies you never dare to film your family than a real film, but always wanted.
We see key moments in the lives of people they would not dare to show the world, and it captures the fawn comedy of life so with precision and acute Erfectly for the nature of the film.
The key, however, for this film, and the reason why it is not only a cool Danish import, it is because this film does not consist in revealing the truth as much as the way people react to a truthalso explosive.
Throughout the film, we see a debate completely made on the truth and the effects he has on the lives of those who have learned to live with lies, a debate so three -dimensional that he could easily explode Oliver Stone andIts Truth-At-Touts Costs reuming out of the water.
Of course, it was not good for the father to rape his children, and of course, they could not have fought at the time, and of course, it created a removal of scars in them.
And yes, he is TheArapeutic so that someone discloses the truth of years later, when they know that it could easily destroy the one who destroyed them emotionally earlier.
But then again, the Father, after all, is not totally mean, and we can see the emotional complications that occur thanks to a performance by Mortizen who is so great and touching that while we believe he could have rapedSonenfants, years earlier, we also see a man who also learned to live with what he has done, and in the depths, a real guilt that begins to surface.
The final scene, involving Mortizen and everyone, is completely devastating, thanks to him and Thomsen, whose performance is completely impeccable and just as complexly complex.
Everyone is also impeccable - the actors never seem to enter the shoes of their characters as much as they walk there comfortably.
The actors or the writers did not make the mistake of judging these characters at least: there are no whites or blacks, but rather all gray, exactly like life.
As such, "the celebration" can be that of the really bizarro film of the year: a work of art so strangely close to the reality that it is completely disturbing and completely fascinating.