I would like to be able to say that there is something more in the new episode of Star Wars than what you see in advertisements, but there is none.
George Lucas is an expert in the development of triumphant and special films related to the effects and he started it again.
This is the first Star Wars film that I saw on the big screen, so, of course, the impact was much bigger than when I watched the three original episodes on video.
What is convincing in the ghost threat is not its disposable story, but its incredible visuals.
Basically, the intrigue of the film is centered on commercial disputes between two planets.
Qui-Gon (Liam Neeson) and his young apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) left with the Jar-Jar animated binks to repair the mess that could cause a war.
When their ship breaks down and they are blocked, they find a young boy, Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd) and his mother slave.
Qui-Gon firmly believes that Anakin is intended for Jedi grandeur and immediately takes it under his wing.
Anakin participates in an attractive podace, one of the strengths of the film, to obtain the equipment necessary to repair the Qu-Gon ship.
However, almost everyone is doubtful to entrust the future to an unknown slave.
Meanwhile, Queen Amadala (Natalie Portman) is frustrated and at the end of Wit, being na and young and having so much responsibilities on her shoulders.
There are practically no emotional scenes in the film - even when we discover that Anakin will leave his mother slave behind to start Jedi training, the frantic excitement of the whole film exhausts the poignant character at the size ofa crumb.
This does not prove that the ghost threat is badly made because it is brilliantly made.
In all Star Wars films, the human emotions that we, the public, can identify are generally zero, but the films are for pure pleasure, not for edifying purposes.
Despite the pleasure of watching the film, the ghost threat is not without faults.
To start, we have the silly and poorly designed character Jar-Jar Binks which should be considered a threat to the Star Wars Galactic Society and for the public.
What a klutz!
George Lucas tried to awkwardly create a funny character who would be as memorable as, say, Yoda, R2-D2 or C3-PO, but, alas, his efforts were in vain.
Second (it can be good or bad, depending on your point of view), the film's atmosphere is so different from the feeling of familiar comics from the previous three Star Wars payments.
This is due, perhaps, to the total complexity of the intrigue of this film and to the level of higher sophistication of the visual effects used here.
The film seems to reach epic proportions.
I can't say much about the game, although the theater has never been what you saw from Star Wars movies anyway.
However, there is absolutely no spice in performance - they are simple and sometimes expired.
Natalie Portman has a great presence, but her turn as Queen Amadala makes the queen a stoic and insensitive? Enigma.
We cannot hold anything in his performance to make us believe that the commercial situation is something important.
Jake Lloyd is the only actor here who has an obvious cum.
Despite inevitable faults, there is so much to appreciate in the film.
The increased excitement of the final sequences does not quite go beyond the famous the empire strikes the culminating scenes, but they are incredible and pleasure in your seat in their own rite.
The film is a treasure to watch.
The visual effects are amazing 99.8% of the time - the impressive view, open by the mouth and eyes of the underwater city is nothing less than the design of production and the genius of special effects.
Not since 1997, The Fifth Element has had a film also soaked in visual treats like this.
The production design recalls the fifth element, the previous Star Wars films, Kubrick's 2001, perhaps even from the class of Fritz Lang Silent Metropolis IC.
However, all sets are so original.
The original Star Wars films cannot even correspond to the greatness of the visuals of this film and it is a pure pleasure for the spectator - it gives us the hope of even bigger things for the next episode.
The costumes are remarkable and Jean-Paul Gaultier wrote about them.
Whether the gigantic wardrobe of her Queen Amadala is complete with embrodes and gold feathers, or the simple brown uniforms of the Jedis, the costumeur merged talent with scandalman.
Costumes are one of the real delights to watch the film.
As for the score of John Williams, I do not think that he made it a complex or powerful since? I have not even remembered.
It is as epic as its list of Schindler list and as exciting and zest as the jaws.
He includes the bare bones of his music from the three previous films, but Williams added, made music much more intense and moving.
With the overwhelming hoopla that surrounded this film, we could come with high expectations and be disappointed.
There is very little to hate in the film: it is a very accomplished and skillfully made film.
It is the best "fun" film and the best big budget film today, certainly.