One of my colleagues was surprised when I told her I was ready to see Betsy's wedding.
And she was shocked to learn that I really liked.
His reaction was understandable when we consider that the film revolves around Molly Ringwald, which has not made an interesting film since 1986.
But the fact is that Betsy's wedding is also a film by Alan Alda.
And while Ringwald has been failed for four years, Alda is involved in several notable projects, including crimes and crimes and a new life.
Written and directed by Alda, Betsy's marriage is a dynamic slice of life, mixing some dramatic moments in a large bowl of fanciful humor.
Alda's comic elixir is fluid and refreshing - and a welcome change in rhythm compared to the usual summer rate.
As a married and married, Molly Ringwald and Dylan Walsh are the pivotal characters in the film, but they are by far the least interesting.
Walsh is a non-entity, with all the presence on the screen of a door button.
Ringwald is simply unbearable and is easily the weakest link in the chain.
She looks hideous with her orange croquet hair, her red lip stick and her grotesque outfits.
She is supposed to be a creator of dresses, but she looks more like a clown.
And to worsen things, Ringwald's performance corresponds to its appearance.
Fortunately, Alda maintains Ringwald's screen time at least; he is much more interested in colorful periphery characters.
Marriage is just a device to bring together the bride's working class, the Italian family and the rich and kind family of the groom.
The people of Ringwald are intimate and earth-up, with Alda as her free father, Madeline Kahn as her practical mother, and ally Sheedy as her lonely sister.
The Walsh clan, on the other hand, is prim, appropriate and ostentatious.
When the two families meet and mingle, the film becomes a story of culture shock, or as a character says, "money against values".
Ally Sheedy, in a wonderfully discreet performance, is one of the most pleasant surprises in the film.
Sheedy expresses more with his eyes than Ringwald with all his body.
It is Anthony Lapaglia, however, who seizes the spotlights.
Lapaglia plays Stevie Dee, a suave and too polished mafioso that officially courts Sheedy with the old -fashioned chivalry.
Lapaglia's sincere but dark character is a riot.
And what is strange is that Lapaglia is a dead ringtone for Robert de Niro, with a little Alec Baldwin thrown to make a good measure.
Lapaglia seems to have attended the Niro gangster school, and its inspired performance is partly a tribute to its role model and partly a scam.
I do not know if it is necessary to say that a star was born or a star was born, but I know that the performance of Lapaglia should not be missed.
The comic book delight, however, extends far beyond Sheedy and Lapaglia.
Joe Pesci, in particular, sinks into his role as an unscrupulous brother-in-law of Alda, a lord of the slums with crowd ties, who deceives his wife (Catherine O'Hara).
Alda, confronted with a challenge both with staging and action, finds in a way the good comic touch as a financially bridged father, a carpenter whose dreams are larger than her portfolio.
The film adopts Alda's psychological point of view as he tries one: plan marriage, and two: pay for that.
As a filmmaker, Alda's style of humor is remarkably retained and of good taste.
And although he does not have the comic genius of a Woody Allen, Alda has the inspiration to make films ten times more entertaining than the slope which generally passes for comedy.