Armageddon, in itself, symbolizes everything that does not go in modern cinema.
The stories have been replaced by special effects; character development is overshadowed by bad dialogue; the plot consists of a bunch of shit that is exploded.
Armageddon is as stupid, as strong and as superficial as any film you will see this summer, or maybe even any other summer.
But I loved each scary minute.
Believe me, I'm as shocked as you.
Hell, I don't even know why I went to see him in the first place.
The glimpses were so boring that I had predicted that it would be the worst film of the year, or at least in the running.
I'm sorry, but "someone composes the 911 !!"
It is not quite the tagging that will sell a film.
It is not too wise either to market the film using the most stupid lines in the film ("Beam Me Up Scotty" - Yes, it's really excellent writing ...).
I mean, let's face it; Armageddon's overviews compete with the Truman Show as among the worst of the year.
None of them even gets closer to doing justice to their respective films.
Of course, you all know the story.
When the earth is threatened with total annihilation via an asteroid in the size of Texas, NASA calls the best oil drills in the United States (!) To go to space (!) And set up a nuclear apparatus of nuclear apparatusEight hundred and feet of something in the asteroid (!).
In the gross of all this chaos, we are initiated into interesting characters - and not so interesting -.
Belonging to the old group is Rockhound (Steve Buscemi), an excited little feminist genius which is always full of Wisecracks, even when it flies in space to a huge amount of G.
In addition, there is always Billy Bob Thornton, still cool as Dan Truman, the Bigwig of NASA which recruits all the forests.
In a way, he reminded me of Ed Harris in Apollo 13, only without the intensity and the main lines to deliver.
Then, on the back of the medal, the tired and artificial character of Harry Stamper (Bruce Willis, who makes the whole film employing with a boring accent that I cannot quite place), the leader of the pack as well as Liv TylerAnd Benaffleck like token lovers you have to have in any summer movie.
Basically, that's almost everything.
As I said, it is hardly a film about the plot.
It is another summer blockbuster with intrigue points that are beyond the incredible and the dialogue and the characters that are mostly completely wooden.
Example: NASA does not know that there is even an asteroid on its way until eighteen days before the impact - huh?
Another example: at some point in the film, two children play with space shuttles played in front of a Kennedy poster.
How pretentious is it ??? !!!
Do you want another?
Okay; before the oil forerises move away from space, one of them begins to sing "leaving on a jet plane", and soon, all the others join.
Did Michael Bay attended the Sappy film school before taking this photo?
But of course, all this sapper, melodrama and special effects accumulate at a time of slut in the cinema.
And don't get me wrong - despite all the things I found badly with Armageddon, I always really enjoyed.
So, even if you don't win one of the free McDonald's tickets, it's really worth checking.