Robocop is an intelligent science fiction thriller and a social satire, one with class and style.
The film, which takes place in Old Detroit in 1991, features Peter Weller in the role of Murphy, a lieutenant of the city's police forces.
Detroit in 1991 suffers from a crawling crime and a police service managed by a private entrepreneur (Security Concepts inc.) Whose employees (the cops) threaten a strike.
To worsen things, a wild group of cop killers terrorized the city.
The first day of Murphy's service, after his transfer from another district, these cops would kill brutally by pulling one by one by one.
 (Orion Pictures had to modify this extremely graphic scene in order to obtain a note R of M. P. A. A.)
After the emergency staff of the hospital cannot save Murphy and declare it clinically dead, art.c.je.
Recruits its remains for their new "Robocop" program.
Using the remains of Murphy's body as a foundation, their scientists build a cyborg, made of both flesh and metal.
The cyborg (robocop) is half human (Murphy) and half robot; art.c.je.
The engineers erased Murphy's memory and replaced it with a computer program (or at least they think).
With its quick reflexes of lightning, its immense strength and its impenetrable armor, S.C.Je.
CONSTRUCE ROBOCOP as an indestructible super-copain: the solution to Strait Problems.
The rest of the plot follows the foiling and revenge of Robocop on his murderers.
As a science fiction action thriller, Robocop is extremely effective.
Dutch director Paul Verhoeven combines grainy action with special, shocking and spectacular special effects.
Several sequences of the film, such as the one in which Robocop uses his extremely precise objective to stop a rapist, are intended to become cult-classical.
Because Robocop is so visually and emotionally exciting, it requires being seen on a large screen with an audience - in other words, in a cinema.
Although the special effects and action are exciting, they do not distinguish in themselves Robocop from other films of the genre.
Robocop rather stands out for his precise and biting satire of American society.
The film makes fun of the Star Wars Defense Initiative, terrorism, board games and television news with air -headed anchors.
This news broadcasts, which are exceptionally intelligent, reproduce periodically throughout the film and help relieve comic strip of intense action and blood.
Robocop satire, however, is almost as frightening in its own way as suspense and blood.
America in the 1990s, as represented in the film, may seem far -fetched but is in reality (I think) that a slight exaggeration of the current state of American society.
The humorous satire in Robocop is simultaneously credible and absurd.
Verhoeven skillfully balances the satirical comedy with bloody action to create a piece of science fiction / entertaining and enlightening social commentary.
Unfortunately, Robocop has several faults that prevent him from qualifying classic in the genre.
The film does not have the sustainable impact of films such as The Road Warrior, The Terminator and Aliens.
Robocop's main problem, apart from its stupid title, is that it does not sufficiently develop Murphy's character.
We never learn to what extent Murphy (as Robocop) is human and the extent to which he is a robot.
Has Murphy has a human mind or free will, or is it just a computer following a program?
The script half lifts these problems but then abandons them in its rusty of bloody action.
In addition, he almost completely ignores the question (and tragedy) to deny a man his right to die in favor of transforming it into a machine.
Robocop also contains several annoying loose terms.
Looking at Robocop, you already live seen; you feel like you've ever seen the film.
in many Respect, Robocop recalls several other films, including the Terminator, the return of the Jedi and even the wish of death.
However, on his credit, Robocop has easily enough originality and unique personality to avoid becoming a cheap scam.