I had lost all confidence in PG-13 films for adolescents and adults.
The last dozen I saw were all incomplete, as if the most crucial scene had been deleted in order to obtain a more lucrative note.
However, after seeing the creative frequency last week and now the fascinating U-571, my bias begins to disappear.
The two films are also harmless for young viewers that they are intellectual for older viewers.
Even better, I did not think that one of these films would be good from the first instincts.
Everyone loves surprises.
U-571 looked like another action film using real war as an excuse to shoot torpedoes and bullets.
This can be true, but the action is so extraordinary that it is clear that the director / co-author Jonathan Mostow has achieved his ultimate goal; to blow up public socks.
Located during the early stages of the Second World War when the United States had trouble breaking the codes of technologically advanced German submarines, U-571 follows a small crew of American men who slide the typewriter necessary forResolve the enigma of an enemy ship.
There is only one problem: the American ship from which they came and hoped to come back was shot dead on a German submarine known as (you guessed it) U-571.
It now belongs to the mostly young and inexperienced sailors, led by an interim captain named Tyler (Matthew McConaughey), to return the typewriter to America without having the superior German ships from afar.
The film begins very slowly with a somewhat weak opening action sequence and another half hour without incident to present several sailors (most of whom die when the mission turns badly or inexplicably disappears).
Once the crew is mounted on the submarine, the film goes to another level and never leaves this high level of energy until the end credits take place.
From the start of the action, it does not stop and fortunately, because it is so exciting, I did not want it to stop.
It is not a film for those who want to avoid strong noises, wonderful score with the constant howls of panicking men, make sure you see this in a theater with a sound sound? Otherwise, do not see everything.
The best parts of U-571 are when Tyler is forced to make impromptu decisions about how to escape apparently impossible situations.
Throughout the film, several morals or characters are presented to make Tyler's work as stressful as possible.
The Germans shoot their own men, Tyler's mentor, Captain Dahlgren, warns him that a captain must be ready to sacrifice even the most loved soldiers for a victory, another sailor (Erik Palladino) threatens the mutiny.
All these examples, and several others, increase the chaotic atmosphere and the importance of each movement of Tyler.
They also make U-571 one of the most exhilarating films I have seen for a while.