Director: Penelope Spheeris (Decline of Western Civilization II - The Metal Years, Dudes and Suburbia)
Cast: Mike Myers (Wayne Campbell), Dana Carvey (Garth Algar) ,: Rob Lowe (Benjamin Oliver), Tia Carrere (Cassandra)
Summary: Wayne and Garth have a public access program entitled "Wayne's: World".
The show is an underground success, to Benjamin: Oliver enters the stage.
Benjamin wants to transform the: show into a great success on a national scale, perhaps destroying the essence of "Wayne's World" in the process.
[expectations - medium]
Long review =============
I must admit to being a little reluctant in this film.
I did not believe that they (Mike Myers and Dana Carvey) could hold it for an hour and a half, I thought that maybe the first half hour would be great, and the rest would be "down".
However, I was really surprised to see how much they could keep laughter for the film practically, except for the end.
 (which I will not discuss for obvious reasons, but it is not * if * bad.)
History: The intrigue was quite thin, but it was really not so noticeable, because of the fast shooting jokes that Myers wrote.
Many jokes are very similar to hot shots!, Being very "parody".
 (Okay, bad term.)
Extremely spiritual everywhere, although (as in hot shots), it has become a little repetitive in the middle.
Acting: As in many comedies, the game is not really * important.
However, Myers transforms a good performance as a Wayne, playing the character perfectly (although I still like him better on a lot of music, in a more "Canadian" fashion type.)
Carvey is fine as Garth, but he doesn't have the Spark that Myers puts in Wayne.
Tia Carrere is mediocre like Cassandra, playing her very stowed.
Lowe is well as Ben Oliver, but there is nothing to write at home.
Without a doubt, this film is Mike Myers all along.
Direction: Spheeris is a classic "music" director, Making Dudes and decline of Western Civilization II - The Metal Years.
 (She also directed the boys next door, which is different, to say the least.)
She is very capable, knows how direct a comedy is, the movements of the correct camera instil the laughter, etc. The best jobs that I remember for a comedy.
Overall: I would suggest to all those who love SNL sketches to go see this film in theaters.
However, my personal opinion, as in most comedies, is that they work as well on video.
You must certainly be a fan of music and all the media forms in general to enjoy this film.
Without a doubt, it's the best comedy to date this year.
This will make tons of dough `` O 'for all the people involved.
Let's just hope they will make a thousand suites.
[Sorry, I had to get the gearbox joke ...
forgive me .]]