Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
Among my friends of ticker bander fanatic band, there is one who shares the same philosophy adopted by the central character of Darren Aronofsky, Darkly Original Pi: the whole of the stock market cannot be reduced to anything other than'A series of models which, by analysis, Will, Will, Will, Will, Will, produce information to predict future behavior.
 (An example of the mentality involved: if the course of action increases like that, then below that, then strongly in this way, it will then go * this * way.)
Although I freely admit that I know less than nothing on the market (knowledge verification: prices increasing - good; downward price - bad; most of the time, at least) and therefore I really could not comment with anyAuthority, it was always, considered me an incredibly naive excessive simplification of an surprisingly complex system (and in addition, if it was so simple, someone would have already understood everything).
The difference in this case is that if my colleague (an otherwise realistic individual) really believes in himself in himself as a valid forecastist, Pi uses this ideology as a device to study the psychosis of his character.
It is also much more convincing with his argument.
 "Mathematics are the language of the universe," insists the protagonist of genius Maximillian Cohen (Sean Gullette) in a cold voice -over and similar to a mantra that is repeated throughout the image.
Since nature can be expressed in number, and that there are models everywhere in nature, it reasons with an eminent logic that finding the models will allow it to predict anything - the ups and downs of the stock market market, how many games the yankees will win this, the flavor of the jam that I will put my toast tomorrow morning.
Obsessed with the search for the proverbial key to the universe, Max lives in paranoid solitude and self-imposed in a shabby Chinese apartment in New York, which is resolutely rising with its monstrous home computer system.
Representing and pleaded in a mausade way by debilitating migraines, the elusive pursuit of a mysterious number of 216 figures that his machine spits one day leads him to madness.
History is therefore essentially an eccentricity, but it is an intelligent and clever eccentricity, by perceptively concentrating in the modern distrust of mathematical reductionism; at a time when a dominant societal phobia is its individualism replaced by a series of digital identifiers, the devouring lean of Max for the figures creates both a persistent and disturbing mood.
This helps things that he is not a particularly sympathetic protagonist.
All neighborhood conviviality attempts are rigorously pushed back by Max, a wet and neurotic person who does not have time to engage in jokes.
For a film that puts his main character at the front and the center (M. Gullette appears in almost all scene), Pi adopts a refreshing and effective approach to avoid conventional aesthetics; because of our ambivalence with Max, weLet us not hug so much with him to triumph with a moment of epiphany as we follow him through this intrigue with a feeling of mixed dread and morbid fascination - it is a more disturbing journey than Quest.
However, we care about the fate of Max.
Holding on the verge of dementia, he ended up being prosecuted by two different groups who want to pick his brain, both in the face of delicious healing and resolutely joyful representatives with inevitably duplicious intentions.
As we know, in the films where paranoia is a dominant element (see the character of Laura Linney of the Truman Show), or besides, in real life, it is always those who never stop smiling at you andare too sympathetic who are those of which will be suspicious.
Pi, a film that tackles the models, itself intentionally adheres to an identifiable cycle of patterns - a headache; Importoire Importo n or a little development of the intrigue; pill assembly; hallucinatory nightmare (with resolutely cronenberg shades - few other directors are just as capable of filling disturbing concepts and horror on the theme of the body);reality of nose bleeding.
Repetitiveness, far from being tedious, is actually exasperating; more than anything, the image aims to pass under our skins and to assume events from the claustrophobic point of view of Max.
In this regard, he succeeded brutally due to Mr Strich of Aronofsky.
It is a rarity that a film immerses itself so completely in the distorted perspective of a protagonist of its cinematography in black and white with contrast and contrast combined with a constant use of extreme close -ups, gives an increased feeling of paranoiato procedures.
 (In some scenes, the austere composition in conjunction with the approach to the exercise of Mr. Gullette is a curiousness of character is like maximum last days, of Nosferatu.)
Using Savage, a nervous lens and fast cuts to create a feeling of disorientation, the image is often vertiginous to see, and the effective isolationism of Max is underlined Paren Flues.
The raw and aggressive pi visuals recall the first works of David Lynch (in particular, Eraserhead).
The sinister tone of the film splashes immediately on the screen with a dazzling opening credit sequence, supported by a sneaky electronic partition by Clint Mansell, and gradually increases in intensity.
However, in the middle of all its Kafkaesque qualities and global mood, Pi sometimes displays a sense of humor.
At one point, Marcy Dawson (Pamela Hart, Great Fun) encourages Max with the offer of an invaluable treasure: only one in their kind ...
Computer chip.
 "Isn't it beautiful," she drives.
A showcase for MR.The technical virtuosity of Aronofsky (designed for $ 60,000, it has since been acclaimed at the Film of Sundance 1998), PI is an intriguing cerebral story which, ironically, is perhaps the filmpurely visceral of the year.