One way of saying whether a film is good or not is length.
If a film lasts only 90 minutes, but it looks like 300 minutes, then it's shit.
But if a film lasts 2 1/2 hours and looks like 90 minutes, then it's excellent.
Boogie Nights falls into this last catagoire.
The director, Anderson, delivers a funny, trendy film, but sometimes violent, which advances.
Mark Whalberg, A.K. A
Marky Mark, plays Eddie Adams, a child of seventeen with a certain "gift" in the belly region.
Jack Horner (Reynolds) is an adult director, who decides that Eddie would be great in the cinema trade for adults.
After fled from the house, Eddie joins Jack, changes his name to Dirk Diggler and begins to make erotic films.
In the cinema, Dirk meets a whole load of characters (which the film presents very quickly and smooth) like Scotty (Phillip Seymour Hoffman), Rollergirl (Graham) Amber (Moore) and Floyd (Phillip Baker Hall) and Little Bill (William H
We learn sorrow Ambers not to be able to see his child due to a divorce, hard rollegirls at school and the little woman of the invoices, who sleeps with everyone except her husband.
But the best thing about the excellent nights of Boogie is the direction and writing of Paul Andersons.
The management is fast, exciting and never holds.
There are superb plans, beautiful sequences of steadocam cameras and hand camera and many other careful directional touches.
The writing is fabulous, with an intelligent dialogue, a funny dialogue, but none of the dialogue is shit, like most Hollywood films (like The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997), or Tommorow Never Dies (1997).).
Boogie Nights is really a spectacular exploit of direction and writing, in peer (and sometimes in addition) films Beship Dogs by Quentin Tarantino (1992) and Pulp Fiction (1994)
The soundtrack is also excellent.
Like American Graffiti (1973), the film presents superb old songs on the soundtrack, which increases the atmosphere, and gives the film an additional elevator.
In addition, the costumes are excellent.
Clothes really look like people wore in the 70s and 80s.
The film, although excellent, has flaws.
First, Wahlberg, although excellent, cannot make highly scenes that force him to be angry.
In the two scenes where he must act angry, his game is so "extinct", the tension of the scenes and the anger are lost.
But the rest of the distribution is excellent.
Burt Reynolds is brilliant, Julianne Moore shows a real emotion, and William H.MACY is also great (but he is still.)
Another defect with the film, however, is that the end seems a bit nailed.
It seems that Anderson saw the film take place a little and needed to end quickly.
It's really a shame, because the rest of the film is perfectly punctuated.
But they are really small bad guys.
Boogie Nights is an excellent film.
Superb achievement, writing, game and music, all combine to make a spectacular film.
Whatever you do, don't miss Boogie nights.