I must say from the start that I was never a fan of Kurt Russell.
I saw some of his films (Silkwood, Backdraft, illegal entrance) and although he gave adequate performances, I was never impressed by his work.
The breakdown, therefore, is a surprise.
Russell gives a good performance, just like most actors, who is not offset by the action orchestrated in the second half of the film.
To say that he holds the film together would not be completely true, but it does no harm.
Russell plays Jeff, half of a married couple traveling with his wife Amy (Kathleen Quinlan) in San Diego to start a new job and a new life.
While traveling in the desert, their car breaks down and, left defenseless and stranded, Jeff signals a passing truck driver (J. T.
Walsh) which offers to take them to a nearby restaurant to request a tow truck.
Due to an unpleasant incident earlier with a few thugs, Jeff decides to stay with the car while Amy gets help.
It seems that it is the last time that Jeff (or someone else) has seen it.
The breakup was compared to several films: The Vanishing by George Sluizer (the original, let's hope, not his terrible remake of Hollywood), the duel of Steven Spielberg and a certain number of Hitchcock films.
As with these, the break, for the most part, does not move away the conventional path of the American action thriller.
Jeff does not become a fire -to -fire vigilante to hunt his wife, but rather becomes a frightened and confused man who has no idea what's going on.
When we discover what happened in Amy, this is a slight disappointment, if only because it is too early in the film; for my part, I could have done it with about twenty minutes of mystery andPerplexity, but that does not affect the film little.
Russell, as mentioned above, is very good in his role, and Kathleen Quinlan is far from being as boring as it was in Apollo 13.
JT.
Walsh, as a truck driver perhaps evil, is great; he is one of the best of the beautiful characters of characters, Hollywood does not seem to know what to do, but the director Jonathan Mostow is on the right track here.
The reason for which he makes such a big bad guy is that he actually looks like a real person, a person who could trust, which makes the intrigue even more credible.
The breakdown is what Hollywood does not do enough, a big thriller with characters and credible scenes which, in fact, have viewers on the edge of their seats.
One of the most exciting films I have seen for a long time.