Land: Derek Zoolander is a male model.
It is also very stupid and impressionable.
For this reason, he is secretly hired and formed (so secret, that he does not know it) by an underground fashion union to assassinate the Prime Minister of Malaysia, who wants to abolish children's work in his country.
Will Zoolander fill the dirty act?
Will Zaolander never adorn the world of new "look"?
Is it a funny film?
Discover below ...
Critality: there is a place in our world for "stupid comedies".
The films that do not claim to be taken seriously are based on silly premises and filled with stupid jokes.
There is also a time for them and many would say that this difficult period of our history could be an ideal circumstance during which "relaxing" looking at something so completely frivolous.
Well, if you are in mood for seriously insane entertainment, Ben Stiller and its distribution of many have assembled one of the most original stupid comedies for some time.
Of course, comedies as such are generally very subjective and I could see how some will see this film simply stupid and funny, while others will grant them the "stupid", but consider it instead.
Personally, I appreciated it for the most part, I fell in love with a few specific sequences and I loved the character Derek Zoolander and the without restraint that they released on the fashion industry.
instant !
It was also nice to see several real models with small roles in the film, not taking too seriously.
And if you are the kind of person who loves cameos of celebrities in the films, well, do not look further because dozens of famous faces appear here, in particular Vince Vaughn, Billy Zane, Winona Ryder, Christian Slater,David Duchovny, Natalie Portmanet a lot, many others.
I particularly liked the complete overhaul of Andy Dick as a masseuse.
hilarious !
But with all the films of this type, there are necessarily things that just don't work.
Some details that have not struck my fantasy included bulimia and the "orgy" sequence with Christine Taylor, Danse Cassers, and I never understand why they use real countries in plots like this (whyNot just "making up" a country, instead of focusing on a certain person?
I could also have done with fewer Taylor characters in general, because she was not so interesting and seemed to slow down things from time to time (more Zolandnder, guy!).
But these few missteps were nothing compared to some of the most memorable scenes that definitely worked for me!
I almost annoyed myself during the "service station" disaster, I loved the "Walk-Off" competition (with David Bowie as a judge, no less) and I appreciated many Zoolander One-Liners ("I was a merman .... a
Merman !! ").
And I challenge you to withdraw your "monkey" photo session out of your head after seeing this film ("You are a monkey, Derek ... a
monkey !")
I also really liked the soundtrack and the rhythm of the film, which both zipped and zaguated, and I established a nice rhythm for everything.
Again, it is a question of noting that this film is stupid and not for everyone, but I suppose that if you laugh at the trailer, you will probably appreciate many jokes of the real image.
If you thought the trailer was stupid, jump this sleeping bird and go rent to Austin Powers or something, a film from which there is an obvious influence here.
Blue Steel, Baby ... Yeah !!!
Where does Joblo come from?
Austin Powers (7/10) - Austin Powers 2 (7/10) - Deuce Bigalow (7/10) - MEC, WHERE's My Car (7/10) - Freddy obtained the finger (5/10) - Jay & SilentBob Strikeback (8/10) - Joe Dirt (5/10) - Meet the parents (8/10) - Say that this is not the case (3/10)