Capsule: This is a painful look at a rarely dramatized chapter of the Second World War, life in a Japanese prison camp.
To Us All Wars is a moving film on the wrestling of prisoners to keep their humanity and dignity.
The somewhat religious interpretation may not be to everyone's taste.
 , +3 (-4 to +4)
More than any other person, the Japanese seem capable of acting with a single objective and of letting no other consideration be embarrassed.
This can be a reservoir of the Bushido code when loyalty to the master was the only law.
During the Second World War, of course, the only goal was to win the war.
This led them to do very inhuman things to pursue this goal.
When the Japanese had captured prisoners, they were treated very optimal ways to achieve the only objective.
Minimum resources had to be spent to maintain prisoners in accordance with maximum positive production.
While the Germans, not known for their kindness at that time, had a death rate of 6% among the prisoners of war captured, the mortality rate of Japanese prisoners of war was 27%.
The best thing for the war effort was to work on prisoners almost to death on the railway from Thailand to Burma.
This railroad was necessary if Japan should attack India as it planned to do.
The best thing for the effort was not to waste a lot of food on the short and incredibly miserable prisoners was the agenda.
And the simple fact of being in the jungle without appropriate medical help has wreaked havoc.
In the public spirit, Japan has never been held as responsible for war atrocities as Germany.
The filmmakers were reluctant to tell the story, perhaps for fear of offending the Japanese.
There are relatively few films on the Japanese prison camps of war.
There was certainly David Lean's bridge on the Kwai river.
There were British operating films on a low budget and that was almost everything.
Then there was the television series "A Town Like Alice" and "Tenko".
For fear that the experience will not be forgotten, we have a new film to put an end to all the wars directed by David Cunningham and written by Brian Godawa.
He is based on the account of Ernest Gordan who survived the horror of this penitentiary camp of the Second World War and then became 26 years the dean of the Chapel of the University of Princeton.
The film, although realistic, shows that the conditions of the camp as being considerably more brutal and sadistic than Bridge on the Kwai river depicts them.
The story opens with around six soldiers who entered the prison camp to be immediately placed in front of a shooting team.
He turns out to be a dark joke, one of the many sadistic Japanese play to have fun.
The beat and torture are common events.
The men already imprisoned have told the newcomers to take advantage of the last of their health; it will not last long with almost inevitable parasites and diseases.
However, unlike Kwai, the prisoners want to avoid going to the hospital, called by the prisoners the house of death.
The same goes for a war in a war with the prisoners trying to maintain their humanity and with the Japanese trying to do them interchangeable and very consumable working in a rail rest machine.
It is more than a simple battle of who will win the war but a battle of ideologies.
The Japanese believe that the individual is nothing, this conformity to the standards of the group is all that gives a sense of life.
Compliance is a goal.
Before the film is there, there will be surprising revelations on the character of the prisoners and the character of those who direct the camp.
If this story only showed the sadism of the Japanese, it would be a kind of history.
If the British (with an American, by the way) and the Japanese have learned to respect each other, it would be another type of history.
It is neither.
It is a moving and credible account of the life of the camp.
The color was distorted in the film to give a washed yellow.
This serves a double goal for Cunningham.
he gives An effect of the Technicolor film that was left in the heat.
It also creates a distancing effect.
The only touch that seems a bit moved is the use of Gaelic music.
It is a powerful and philosophical vision of the experience of the penitentiary camp.
I note a 9 on the 0 to 10 scale and a +3 on the scale from -4 to +4.