Ingredients: London Gal, Fate, True Love, Running Joke on the Spanish Inquisition of Monty Python
Synopsis: American actress Gwyneth Paltrow with black hair, playing a Londonian?
believe it.
Sliding doors are a “and so” love story.
The gadget is that it's really two stories: the film follows Helen's life (Gwyneth Paltrow) on two directions.
At the beginning, Gal "Helen" sympathetic (Gwyneth Paltrow) is unexpectedly drawn from his advertising work.
So she goes to the metro station, which means entering her apartment and her lover live Gerry (John Lynch) early early.
Helen does not know it, but she is a fateful junction of life: 1) if she enters through the sliding door of a London metro train, her life takes a path with a future 2) if she stays on thePlatform that his life takes another path with a different future.
The film shows what is happening in both paths, tilting between intertwined stories and parallels.
In history one, Helen meets a charming and talkative by Monty Python named James (John Hannah) on the train.
Arriving at home early, she discovers that her live-in, Gerry (John Lynch), has sex with her former lover Lydia (Jeanne Tripplehorn).
This leads to a life where Helen moves away.
Helen’s new victory friend James, helps him recover from a broken heart and encourages him to start his own business.
In history two, Helen is experiencing a different fate.
She is missing the train, never meets James and does not fit early enough to discover the infidelity of Gerry.
In this new life, Helen occupies strange subordinate work and faces the constant suspicion that everything does not go with his relationship with Gerry.
Will the truth of the heart finally make its way through a certain number of problems and reverse in the two scenarios?
Opinion: rejoice in all fans of Ye Monty Python, fans of Gwyneth Paltrow and observers of original Romanesque films.
Finally, here is the proof that there is still creativity in the cinema of the 1990s.
The slippery doors are refreshing of everything that is this year.
Not only is it a well -played and comforting film, but it is also easily the best recent performance by Gwyneth Paltrow.
When Helen (Paltrow) shouts that his unfaithful boyfriend is a `` woodedman '', (a British sentence better left unrelated), she sounds that she knows what she is talking about!
Sliding doors do not go with a real formula or other stereotypes either.
No one rushes in danger, shouting: "I will find you whatever happens, my darling!"
When Helen finds herself on a boat in the light of the stars with James, she does not take the easy solution and jumps in her arms, because she is supposed to recover from sorrow.
And the beautiful live friend Live-in Gerry is not the stereotypical screen piece (a stud or a snob).
Instead, it is a nervous and undecided, almost helpless piece.
Another example: when one of the protagonists is injured in a hospital, the sliding doors do not give us the "miracle of the hospital" or a gloomy tragedy but surprises us with a third variation.
In other words, all the characters seem non -stereotypical, human and local.
There are minor drawbacks.
Since the sliding doors change between two possible destinies, it is sometimes difficult to distinguish the two.
The distinction between the two stories is not a problem in the scenes containing Paltrow, which has two different hairstyles.
But in scenes containing only Lydia and Gerry, who are alike in the two stories, it's a bit confusing.
In addition, a lot of catchy returns referring to American pop culture (Seinfeld, Woody Allen, etc.) are spoken by the British characters.
But these seem slightly forced, since the remaining dialogue is mainly the British slang.
Perhaps an attempt by the screenwriter to balance the British so that the American public can feel more comfortable?
Sliding doors I s a charming, original, original and happy romance with a little "philosophy of fate" thrown.
Monty Python and the sense of destiny, someone?