Since their beginnings in the cinema in 1984 with the TEXAS thriller closely forged "Blood Simple", Joel and Ethan Coen have been one of the most eclectic, original and downright fascinating creative teams of modern Hollywood.
Their films are very stylized, deeply rooted in a moment and a particular place, and their characters are most often everyday people who find themselves in very unusual circumstances.
In "The Big Lebowski", their first cinematographic offer since the "Fargo", awarded by the multiple prize, the action takes place in Los Angeles during the Gulf War, and the hero of history is Jeff Lebowski, alias ledude.
The guy is played by Jeff Bridges - one of the most underestimated players in Hollywood - in the best performance stoned since Sean Penn tripped in the rooms of Ridgemont High.
The guy is a simple man who has never completely made the 1960s.
He has shaggy hair and length, an graying stove that needs a garnish, and it mainly wears t-shirts, long shorts and gelines without socks.
He smokes a lot of pots, drinks a lot of white Russians and is content to spend the majority of his time to bowling with his two friends, a slightly psychotic Vietnam veterinarian named Walter Sobchak (John Goodman) and Donny (Steve Buscemi), oneOf those guys who always wants to be part of the conversation, but who never does it completely.
One day, the guy is confused with another Jeff Lebowski (David Huddleston), this one being a millionaire philanthropic whose trophy, Bunny (Tara Reid), owes a lot of money.
The main intrigue and all its side and diatribes co -centers that accompany it are far too complicated to enter here.
It is enough to say that the guy is deeply involved in the Grand Lebowski when Bunny is kidnapped and that the guy is invited to be a mail for the money of the ransom.
As everything is said and done, Walter became deeply involved, as is the daughter of the Big Lebowski, Maude (Julianne Moore), a feminist performance artist, a pornographer named Jackie Treehorn (Ben Gazzara), and a group of nihilistsGermans managed by Peter Stormare, who was so large that the silent but deadly Kidnaper in "Fargo".
 "The Big Lebowski" plays as an amalgam of all the previous efforts of Coen Brothers.
He shares the strong sense of time and the place of their films, as well as their sending of genres of political and cultural film and ideologies.
 "Lebowski" has the same kind of crazy caricatures that have made "Roisting Arizona" such a hoe; he has surrealist dream sequences (one of which involves a Busby Berkley dance number) which characterized the end of"Barton Fink"; and he has the same kind of caricatural and feeling that has impregnated "the Hudsucker proxy".
The film was shot by the director of the veteran photography Roger Deakins, who worked with the Cens on three other films, "Barton Fink", "The Hudsucker Proxy" and "Fargo".
Deakins always gives the movies of the sisters a distinctive visual style, and here he does a brilliant job to capture the bright colors of Los Angeles shabby in the early 90s, whether by the odious blue bowling costume carried by the main competitor of the competitor ofDude Jesus Quintana (John Turturro), or surprisingly maniacs' dream sequences, one of which involves the dizzy spectacle to look at a shot from a bowling ball.
If "Fargo" was the most limited effort of Coen Brothers for years ", the Big Lebowski" marks their return to exaggerated cinema.
It overflows with style and attitude, which helps to compensate for the fragments of the scattered plot which never meet at the end.
The sisters fill the lighting, decoration, music and hilarious performance screen of all the slopes, in particular bridges and always reliable John Goodman, who shows a real comic timing in his explosions inspired by Namand his intense dedication to his adoptiveju DAUME.
With the staging Joel, Ethan producer and the two writings, the Coen brothers seem unlimited in their ability to transform our world upside down.
Their talent does not reside in their ability to reflect the norms of reality, but in their potential to dig up the darkest corners of life and highlight them.
The sisters rejoice in the strange of the world, and they staged them central to show that it is not only guys like the guy who are crazy, but the whole planet.