Scream 2 has a small titillating scene which quite well denounces unwritten law from horror films.
During a film class discussion, Windsor College students explain what these inevitable laws are and why the consequences are never up to the originals.
Some rare exceptions are noted, but they left one.
 .
 .
Scream 2!
The 1996 SCREAM surprise blockbuster has become an instant success and developed an obsessive coterie of fans who included almost all adolescents in America!
A sequel was inevitable, but fortunately, the re -team of the writer Kevin Williamson and the director Wes Craven gives us nothing to fear in terms of lost entertainment.
In fact, at the risk of appearing sacrilege to all Scream fans, I would say that Scream 2 could even be the best film!
Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), the winding heroine who survived a series of murders in Woodsboro, California, in the CRI of origin, now has two more years and at the university, specialized in theater.
Meanwhile, television journalist Gale Weathers (Courtney Cox), who covered murders in the first film, has since written a book on terrible events; a book entitled "Stab", which was developed in a major film.
While Scream 2 opens, a crowd of too zealous adolescents accumulate in a crowded cinema for the first of "stab", and before a long time, a young couple is massacred to death, unnoticed in the middle of hysteria.
This marks the start of a new wave of murder as an unknown "copycat" proposes to repeat what has been done.
 .
 .
And finish what didn't do it!
Of course, the killer is just as obsessed with films as the killer in the first film, and yes, the films play a huge role in the bizarre psychological perspectives that the murderer holds when he goes to kill an assortment of magnificent twentyyears, but but but is * a sequel, and without deviating from the original bases, we always have a new perspective on horror films.
This is largely due to the deliciously written script of Williamson, who will leave you easily satisfied.
As much as the film condemns the use of shots, it is shown, but this is done effectively, and with a skillful direction of Craven, that you are not necessarily to complain.
I would note, however, that "whodunit?"
I ended up being the first person I suspected, but believe me, I continued to change my mind when I was trying to stay in advance on the film.
All the actors surpass themselves here.
We are not talking about Oscar's performance, but Cambell, Cox, David Arquette as Dewey Riley and Jamie Kennedy as Randy all give surprisingly satisfactory performances that go beyond their last outing.
The characters remain faithful to their roots and nevertheless show a clear sign of development in the past two years.
We can see how the events of the first film affected them, but we do not lose any radiance that made such a pleasure to look at the first place.
The good thing about Scream 2 is that he does not seem to be shifted by his predecessor.
It is a natural, fluid and credible transition (with regard to horror films) from film to another.
We do not know two years, but there does not seem to be any holes or shortcuts taken in the connection of the two films.
It is so much for you that you feel more as if you read chapter two of a book (long chapters, huh?)
than simply revitalize a distribution of familiar faces.
Although the main characters are generally the only connection in the consequences, the structure of the whole plot of Scream 2 is in correlation * completely * with the first, which makes immediate tenderness and absorption.
As I have already said, Scream 2 is easily up to par, if not exceeding, it is a pioneer.
The only reason why the cry will probably be praised above Scream 2 is that it was the first.
This does not mean that this calivates the unique and fanciful humor or the overall caliber of his suite, it simply means that Scream will be forever known as the film which has made fun of his own W Hilum which maintains its desired qualities.
If a film followed, it is so very original, it would be Scream 2, and that makes it a must for all these frantic Scream fans.
Scream 2 adapts perfectly alongside Scream and, hopefully, will receive as many high comments.
This would complete the series very well, if it was not the fact that two films did not really make a series.
It is unlikely that he assumed that a Scream 3 will not appear in the coming years, but if they decide to transform this into an undeniably acclaimed horror trilogy, hope they will be able to continue the fantastic work.
As they say, do not play with perfection.
 .
 .
But when a Smash-Hit is almost guaranteed, who will listen?