Alien 3 is the only extraterrestrial film I saw in theaters.
I saw it when I was 13 years old and I have to admit that I didn't like it.
Of course, I expected extraterrestrials again, and I think it was my fault.
In order to appreciate Alien 3, you must see extraterrestrials, but you must also wipe all the expectations of his predecessor.
The extraterrestrials of James Cameron were an action film, and many people consider him the best in the series.
I am among this group, but Alien 3 is an extremely entertaining film, which the critics have struck for its originality.
Many thought that the final prosecution scene lasted too long, and many others thought that the film was too much dialogue and not enough action.
The two are false, because the film has a lot of action, and the dialogue was essential and well written.
As for the Chase sequence, it was long, but not too long, creating a little suspense from the confusion.
Maybe watch Alien 3 on video helped.
On the big screen, I was overwhelmed by something that I did not see normally.
It was a very dark film, and the language was extremely hard.
I had always thought that the extraterrestrial series is based on intelligent dialogue instead of silly blasphemies.
Do not get me wrong - I am not saying that the films should eliminate swear, but when a film substitutes dialogue with these profane remarks, it becomes rather distracting.
However, since I saw it, I realize that the juron is mainly only one aspect of limited hatred in the characters.
Consequently, the only defect in Alien 3 (although major) is the underdeveloped characters.
We never really care about them, and I have the impression that many scenes have been cut to shorten the length of the film.
There were only two characters I loved, and of course, we were LT.RIPLEY (Sigourney Weaver), although we knew her through two other films.
The other character was Dr.Clemens (Charles Dance), but because we love him, the inevitable occurs.
Alien 3 begins exactly where the extraterrestrials stopped.
The Prologue of Alien 3 is a pure cinematographic achievement of the director David Fincher, who had only made video clips before his luck with this extraterrestrial entry.
Without using a single line of dialogue (unless you count IT warnings), FINCHER sets up the whole film.
An impressive aspect of this is that Fincher shows only a few seconds of film before cutting a title card.
We see LT.RIPLEY and the little girl in their cryogenic compartments ...
 ( title ) ...
A blow of an extraterrestrial egg ...
 ( title ) ...
The extraterrestrial legs extend into the air ...
 ( title ) ...
And so on .
During these first ten minutes, I learned everything I owed so that Alien 3 takes place.
It is a fairly remarkable opening, and which will remain in my mind for a long time.
Due to this face driver who was blossomed aboard the extraterrestrial ship, the hypers Sleep containers are sent to an escape terminal and sent to the nearest planet: Fiorina Fury-161, a ore refinery that hasbeen transformed into maximum security.
However, the face engineer managed to get attached to one of the cryo-tubes and is sent with the escape pod.
Unfortunately, during landing, all survivors except one of the extraterrestrials are killed.
Ripley is discovered by some of the prisoners and brought back to the refinery.
Of course, you need a carrier for this face driver, and he attaches to the dog who came with the prison team.
Ripley is relaunched and asks to see the ship.
After seeing a mysterious section of acid, Ripley asks to see the corpses, then to have cremated them.
This cremation scene is one of the most powerful and impressive of all extraterrestrial films.
With a Dillon monologue (Charles S
It is one of the most memorable Moren TS, because the speech exactly reflects what is happening with the dog.
And that's where Alien 3 succeeds.
Finche normally injects a lot of symbolism into his films, and I can easily see him become the next Stanley Kubrick or Alfred Hitchcock (in fact, it is the mixture of the two).
Fincre knows exactly what to film and how to film it, and I think it will be one of the few directors with a complete control over its films.
Alien 3 is riddled with symbolic discourse and metaphorical images.
In doing so, Fincher creates some of the best scenes from all the extraterrestrial franchise.
Many people have criticized the shooting by Fincher of the scene of Ripley's death (I don't reveal anything by saying this) as an overly false appearance, but I like and I enjoy the representation.
Show that Ripley Fall at idle is a beautiful touch, but by not showing it the tank of the iron tank, a large part of the symbolism is derived.
I think it would have spoiled the atmosphere of the whole film if they had really shown its splash in molten iron.
However, most people seem to want to attend Ripley Die (which creates a paradox, because she is the character that I did not want to see dying).
Why is she killed is one of the surprises of the film, and I do not plan to spoil this in this criticism.
> From each extraterrestrial film comes several memorable moments that seem to stay with you forever.
In Alien, it was, of course, the moment when the stranger broke out of Kane's stomach.
In the extraterrestrials, it was the test of strength between Alien and Ripley in a machine.
Alien 3 has several, but the most memorable is the formidable shot involving the foreigner and Ripley.
Ripley is pushed against a wall, and the stranger stands a few centimeters from her.
Why does it don't kill it is a shock, which leads later to a surprise end.
Fincher apparently likes to use close -ups of the actors' faces (Michael Douglas and the confrontation of the clown in the game in the same style), and by razing the hair of the actors, the only thing we have to look at is their faces.
Many criticisms did not like all bald actors, but it has a completely meaning in the context of the plot.
Most Alien 3 work when you take it in the context of history, but when you try to compare it to its predecessors, the finach tour seems a little dark and dark, although it is not always a bad thing.
The plot is roughly a cover of the first two films, with some major twists and turns.
Again, we are configured with several different characters, and one by one, they are selected.
However, while the first two had tons of arsenal (in particular Cameron's film), Alien 3 takes place on a planet devoid of human life with the exception of this dilapidated prison.
Consequently, no weapon is found.
This creates a lot of tension, even if I have to admit that Fincher could have added much more suspense.
As an extraterrestrial film, Alien 3 is the worst in the series, but in itself, it is an extremely well -made film, with many more merits than otherwise.
The unhappy thing surrounding this second suite is the unidimensional characters.
I have never been really emotionally involved on the screen because most of the characters are hardcore criminals that I really laughed at.
Despite this, Ripley was the central figure, and that's what is important.
We care about her, even if she started acting as one of the guys.
Again, the technical side of this film is remarkable and better than the two previous versions.
While the version of Cameron was an action film Pompeé with a solid artillar, Fincher uses brilliant camera angles, formidable lighting and bad mood sets.
The cinematography, by Alex Thomson, is very well done, with a great hunting sequence towards the end of the film.
The confusion of the end attracts the spectator, because we are just as confused as the actors who are chased.
The yellows, the reds and the oranges of the lights create a dark mood and in themselves create a lot of suspense. The shadows dance on the walls, and yet these shadows could easily be the stranger.
The stranger is different from his predecessors this time, and the speed of this extraterrestrial is quite intense.
The camera likes to take the perspective from abroad, race after the characters.
The sets are quite incredible, which are recalled by the Nostromo d'Alien.
The narrow corridors and the labrypens corridors are well built.
The sets seem to be in the future, but not too far in the future.
One of the sets even helps the destruction of the foreigner (nothing surprising there).
Sigourney Weaver turns out to be another good performance, equaling his representation of Ripley in the extraterrestrials.
She was snubbed to the Oscars for this one, mainly because the film was a critical bomb.
Her reactions are much more realistic in this film, with her crying on the loss of the little child that she risked saving her life during her previous meeting.
It's really pretty touching.
Charles S.Dutton is very strong in his performance as one of the detainees, and I was about to take care of him.
Charles Dance transforms a great discreet performance and, therefore, I immediately treated myself.
Lance Henriksen makes a brief appearance as a Bishop II, but he was more entertaining in the extraterrestrials.
The rest of the distribution is quite vitiated, although Pete Postlethwaite sounds because of his recent turns in the usual suspects and the lost world.
Alien 3 is evaluated R for strong violence and language and sex.
Although he has his faults, Alien 3 is very entertaining with a rich symbolism.
This film reminds you how fun it is to spot metaphorical images throughout a film.
While Kubrick can have a moral message throughout his films, Fincher relies on cinematographic devices to bring out his meanings.
It is a film like Fincher which reminds us that it is normal for a film to sacrifice the quality for the quantity (the final scene).
In fact, that tells us that we, as a society, have become too critical towards things that can be a little "false".
Whenever something seems wrong on the screen, we immediately emphasize it as an error.
But it may not be an error.