The question is not why fat has been reissued.
The answer to this one is easy: celebrating the 20th anniversary of the film and making more dollars for Paramount chests because John Travolta is once again hot goods.
No, the question that must be asked is: must fat be reissued?
The answer is not easy.
Grease is a fun film, an entertaining fantasy of the 1950s, embodying all the clichés of that time.
The music is animated and the dance figures, choreographed by Patricia Birch, are energetic and very spiritualities.
Travolta was at its pinnacle as a sexual, cool, but non -threatening.
But Grease has not broken again cinematographic field.
It was not an important step in the history of cinema such as Citizen Kane or Easy Rider.
The fat is - or has become - is the most profitable musical in the history of cinema.
Ok, let's not be a sport.
Grease is a fun and entertaining film, even if it expands Credulity to see artists such as Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Jeff Conaway of Taxi and the Multiple Talent Stégard Channing try to act as high school students.
It is nostalgic to remember how good a dancer was good, and it is sad to think about what could have been so a few false steps have diverted her career.
He could have become a musical star in the tradition of Gene Kelly.
Cinematically, the musical has essentially followed the way to the dinosaur.
Between Grease and Evita in 1996., you can probably count the number of film musicals on the one hand.
Two reasons contributed to the disappearance of the genre: the first is that the film of films has become more sophisticated, no, means that cynical and blasé.
Today, if a character was starting to dance and sing without a view, he or she would probably be hué from the screen.
Today's public does not have innocence, this belief in cinematographic magic which is necessary for a musical successful.
Second, a lack of talent.
The artists with charisma, style, plume larger than life of Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Ginger Rogers and Judy Garland have disappeared.
Most singers and dancers remain on stage, and those who succeed in films are generally found in serious dramatic parts.
A good example is Gregory Hines, one of the biggest dancers in the world.
He danced a bit in the cotton club, taps and white nights, but it was mainly dramatic vehicles.
Thus, perhaps the reissue of fat can serve a goal.
If the public shows enough interest, which means that if the reissue gains enough income in the studio, this can arouse a revival in the musicals of cinema.
Perhaps not original musicals such as Singin 'in the Rain, an American in Paris or Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, but for the properties of Broadway which have been in the planning phase of cinematographic adaptations for several years.
At one point or another, according to Mill Rumory Industry, Hollywood should create an animated version of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Cats, a shooting of the popular ghost of the Opera as well as miserables and Chicago, the latter would have been aMadonna.
While this fat is the precursor of an armada of cinema musicals.
Let Grease be the word that triggers this renewal.