The trailers and the start of the movement very easily sum up this plot.
Three filmmakers venture into the Maryland woods to find the legend of the witch Blair for a documentary they make.
They disappear and their images are discovered a year later buried under the base of a hundred years.
From there, things become a little more complicated.
I can say, with absolute assurance, that no film has never had the impact that this little film had on me.
Although I know that all of this was a "false documentary" staged, it is undeniable that this film leaves you.
I didn't feel much looking at him initially.
I just thought it was an interesting film with fairly frightening games.
I never even dreamed that thirty minutes after the end of the film, I would be frightened by my mind while chatting with a friend.
I had chills every time I raised it since.
It is not a film that strikes you right away.
Instead, it is a film that is at the base of your spine, waits for you to think that everything is fine, then it slowly starts to crawl in your mind.
It is really the most scary film that I have never had the pleasure of watching.
The film is made up of video at home and 16 mm cameras sequences that the documentary makers would have shot for their film by witch Blair, so do not expect photos of steadi cameras or to a fancy camera work.
It's as real as people.
I do not recommend sitting too close to the theater screen, because I guarantee you that you will get the evil of the transport of the constant movement of the camera.
The performances of the three main actors in the film are so real, you can wonder if it all really happened or not.
It is definitely a film that deserves a video visualization at home, in particular due to the fact that most of the film was shot with a standard domestic video camera.
The reality of images will start frightening near her when she is considered a real video instead of the band transfer to the film made for the big screen.
The word indicates that a special edition DVD with cargoes of extras (hours of deleted scenes, alternative endings, comments, special science fiction channel) is planned for liberation.
I urge craft entertainment to move forward with this plan and give us what could be the DVD to compete with all DVDs.
I know I will first be online to buy one.
[R]