Jay and Silent Bob strike back, Kevin Smith's swan song to his two most famous characters, is the most received comedy I have seen since there is something about Mary, who is aTea compared to the coarsely speechless humor in Jay Etsilent Bob Strike.
The public did not just laugh; they were unleashed with noisy laughs and heavy applause throughout.
In short, if you really like a hot humor, you can find it, like me, to be the funniest film of the year.
 (On the other hand, if you are one of those who have come out with disgust with the dogma of Smith, then Jay and Silent Bob Strike are not the film for you.)
In one of the fastest films of the year, history has Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), a pair of cards wearing drug traffickers, traveling from their New Jersey convenience store in Hollywood tothat they can arrest Unfilm.
It seems that their comic strip Alter Egos, Bluntman and Chronic, is used in a film without the consent of Jay and Silent Bob.
Jason Biggs and James Van Der Beek should play it.
Jay and Silent Bob Stike Back have more used and better used cameos than any movie I have ever seen.
Among others, they include Carrie Fisher as a nun in turn of Bible, Mark Hamill as a comic book version of his famous alter Ego and Gus Van Sant as a director who is too busy to count his money to scream "" Action!""
The best of all are Ben Affleck and Matt Damon who make fun of themselves and their films.
The film stops several times to make fun of itself and the public which was "stupid" enough to buy tickets for this film.
 (In fact, the purchase of tickets for this film is extremely intelligent since it offers more laughs by dollar than anything in recent memory.)
The film even erases people who write on movies on the internet.
guilty .
Although it is filled with interior jokes, you will always laugh even if you only get some.
It's easy to understand enough for them to always be funny.
Jay is an engine mouth that did not meet a subject that he could not popularize.
His favorite subject is oral sex, but, being a desecration of equal opportunities, he is ready to make coarse jokes on absolutely anything.
But it is his boyfriend, the aptly named Silent Bob, who is responsible for most of the film's success.
His reaction photos, with her extremely exaggerated eye movements, are comic jewels.
The main secondary intrigue of history concerns four animal rights activists, justice (Shannon Elizabeth) and her three sexy friends, Sissy (Eliza Dushku), Missy (Jennifer Schwalbach Smith) and Chrissy (Ali larter).
These types of Charlie's Angels give our heroes a tour of their hike in Lalaland to stop the photo.
Jay is trying to take precedence over justice, but he has not been in order for a long time the situation.
One of the funnier gags of view has women who use a pink contraception case that contains high -tech gadgets.
Admittedly, this is not the film for everyone, but, if you like the humor brand of Kevin Smith, you will find that it is its best.
And, as I said earlier, it is the funniest film of the year so far.
no wait .
Forget it so far. '
It is necessarily the funniest film of the year.
At a time when almost all the films feel forced to come to the PG-13 so that it can rattle in as much money, it is great to see a filmmaker with the courage to target only a mature audience.
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is launching quick lighting 1: 35.
It is evaluated R and contains raw humor and sexual and sexual situations.
It would be acceptable to secondary school seniors and more.
The film opens nationally in the United States on Wednesday August 22, 2001.
In Silicon Valley, he will present himself to theaters AMC and the century.