Evaluation of expectations: a little worse than expected (mainly because I found that the central part was a bit dull).
Roger Ebert gave him a criticism of four stars, and although he is a critic that uses the full scale, and I often agree - as Dark City being the best film of 1998, he had to see a better film.
I read the book about five years ago and greatly appreciated.
The opening of a simple plan reminded me a little of the sweet below.
The landscape is snowy and cold, and is filmed what I think is rather clear (which also reminds me of Fargo (which I hated)).
You can almost feel the cold.
But the film far from the eyes that burst the eyes of the dead and the dead, but Raimi made a more constrained film - which is probably for the best.
It is probably not a film that would have been improved by many strange blows.
The film also reminded me of the affliction, because the main characters all seem to hope and see the possibility of leading a better life than their father, and they see a chance for such a dream to come true.
This chance is discovered in a field covered in snow, where an airplane landed.
On the plane, three men find? The American dream ...
In a gym bag.?
The affliction was also located in a snowy landscape.
It seems really very simple.
Simply wait until money until spring, and if no one claims, they will be safe to spend it and their hope of living the American dream can come true.
But the snow melts, just like many of the character's hopes.
A sin? Back to paradise?, Some characters have a chance to do the right thing.
But doing the right thing might not lead to a better result than something more selfish.
The greatest strength of the film is that its fact makes sense.
I have seen many films based on books that look like selected scenes from the book visualized, avoiding everything that looks at a distance from a coherent story - for example a clear and present danger.
The biggest problem seems too familiar with history.
The writer may consider that he does not have to present scenes that are clear to him, but whose lack only confuses an audience who has not read the book.
This is certainly not the problem with a simple plan, even if the scenario is the author of the book.
The film is always clear where it goes and always makes sense.
I'm a lot cut, but I really don't remember what.
Even a minor scene involving a man complaining that he has paid too many grains is included.
The man only comes on Monday, but he claims that he was charged with a purchase of too much.
it appears that ...
Well, see the film.
You have to be warned not to see the trailer.
It reveals several scenes of the end moments (which yes, as in the book, it is a downer), several developments of the plot and a large part of the beginning.
But a large part of this is not spent directly during the trailer, so if you are lucky, you will have forgotten all this when you see the film.