Seen on July 8, 1998 at the Cinema 18 crossgates, (Albany, NY), theater # 7, at 8:15 a.m. with my mother using Hoyts Cinema Cash.
[Theater note: * * 1/2: very good sound, image and seats]
It is very rare that any entertainment media can give an authentic and lively meaning of reality and life.
All the stories relate to certain moments of time and the places of the life of the characters, but only the really formidable are capable of defining their realities sufficiently so that the public can feel it as the characters.
Consequently, "as much with the wind" deserves praise for its ability to tell the epic story that it makes, in such a manufactured, complex and entertaining way.
It is a crown achievement, not only in the cinema, but for the narration itself.
The film takes place in Georgia before, during and after the civil war.
It plays a major factor in the success of the film.
Using such a historical framework has many possibilities and problems, because no one was alive at the time to check their precision.
It could also seem cliché, boring and other factors detained for potential viewers.
Can a story be relatable so long ago now?
The film is faced with all these problems, paradoxically, not frozen.
It does not just connect the "good thing" at "good time", it creates a whole reality where everything makes sense and have said that the concerns are not relevant.
The construction of a solid base is important for all forms of media, without which, what to rely on?
We are given a story here and learn a little about our characters, in particular our main character, Scarlett O'Hara (Leigh), a beauty of the South with a will to steel, a cunning spirit and a huge feeling of freedomin a telune oppressive period.
She knows how her society works, where everything she does can and play a role in shaping her life and those around her.
From the start, we realize how determined it is to have its way, whatever the consequences.
Being the most sought -after woman allows her to manipulate men (and their women) to make sure she gets her way, whether obvious (i. E.
Who will be the only one to get his food), or subtle (that is to say e.
Marry just to upset someone).
The man she claims to love is Ashley Wilkes (Howard), a modest gentleman who does not seem to have the same passion for her that she does it for him.
He is not as arrogant and demanding as Scarlett, in fact, he is engaged to a woman with a much more personality like hers.
Her name is Melanie (by Havilland), and she is one of the sweetest, nicest and friendliest characters that we will never see.
She and Scarlett become very dear friends, but she never suspects the jealously that Scarlett has for her and the love she has for her husband.
Its softness is both its strongest and weakest characteristic - it defines which it is, but does not give it much self -defense.
Acting a catalyst with a love triangle, and the story as a whole, the Captain Rhett Rhett Rhett Rhett Rhett Butler (Pignon).
He is completely a character - everyone listens to what he has to say even if he has a bad reputation.
Butler does not apologize for his large sum of money or his behavior.
He tells everyone the essential truth in the Rigid Society of Caste where free will does not seem to exist, everything is made of honor and tradition.
For example, during his first appearance, Butler said to his southern compatriots, there is no way that the South could defeat the North if the war should break out.
It makes them angry, not for his lack of faith, but because he has the cheek to say it out loud and boast.
 "Do we have ammunition factories?"
Do we have food?
Do we have a navy?
All we have is tobacco. "
All the real statements and yet the South still insists that he is wrong.
Butler is a sombing chariot Acting, of course, but he is proud of his arrogance, it's attractive.
Scarlett also notices it when she sees him for the first time, and according to the look, Butler gives him, we know that he will not stop until he has it.
But Scarlett cannot go beyond his need for Ashley, and during a scene that opens the way to the big story, Butler learns and continues to give it to Scarlett forever.
And so history continues, Scarlett being launched an obstacle after an obstacle in his life.
The conflicts she must overcome will take care of all her family looking for an appropriate husband, especially after she is "marked" for life when her first husband dies.
This gives the film many opportunities to bring more characters into epic history.
Some are essential for only a few scenes, but their true meaning will last throughout the film.
In most films, only a few characters exist for support in the background, but this film is more realistic and credible because it incorporates a support for the size of a small town and that everyone has reported.
Even people in the background seem more than extras wandering on the whole.
The costume design is exceptional so that the film gives a real sense of time and place.
The filmmakers could have easily defined more scenes inside and concentrate closely to avoid having to show the outside and real world, but these simple types of approaches are never adopted.
The first half of the film depicts the traumatic experience of the South to the last days of the civil war.
Fleming is capable of transmitting the horror of all this by painting an image of destruction and letting the spectator decide how bad it is.
A scene makes Scarlett work as a nurse in a military hospital while we hear a soldier in the background shout: "No!
Not my leg!
Don't cut my leg! "
Another scene simply shows it by trying to cross a street, but as the camera fell back, we see that its path is blocked by hundreds of injured soldiers, but it is their groans which are more graphic than all the bloody gore does notcould never be.
While the second half begins, the film focuses more on Scarlett as a completely independent woman who alone takes care of her family and Melanie just to turn the tyrany of the North.
She manages to resuscitate family plantation, but all the will she has cannot help her when she has to pay exubering taxes fixed by the North after the ultimate defeat of the South.
This brings Rhett Butler back to the photo and thus begins their torrid love relationship.
Most of the second half of the film is in a way linked to the relationship (or its absence) between Rhett and Scarlett.
Everyone uses the other for a personal gain, but at the same time, they always feel an intimate connection with each other.
Scarlett continues to use her manipulation powers on men to get what she wants and because Rhett cannot help but want her more every time she tries to do it to marry another man and to resumehis company.
They say that the opposites attract, but the conflict between Rhett and Scarlett goes far beyond the opposite personalities, it borders magnetic polarization.
They need each other and know it, but they never seem really happy together.
Perhaps they confuse love with passion, and the film lets us pass this call.
The two have things that the other wants and vice versa, but when they compromise, it's just to get their own path or because they really care about each other.
Love and perception of love are two completely distinct things and throughout the final act of the film, we wonder if Rhett and Scarlett have never really loved themselves and why.
Gable and Leigh have excellent chemistry, always letting the spectator wonder what emotions were authentic and which were made.
all ?
none ?
Anyway, it is possible and it is a mystery that cannot be resolved even on repeated views.
He is sure to say most We will not live too dramatic lives as those of "as much with the wind", but it is always a masterpiece for its ability to give us the feeling that we have just experienced a life of joy and pain.