Because the press screening of "Planet of the Apes" was one day after the deadline for the last issue, I had the opportunity to see the film a second time, listening to the reactions of the public and readingA bunch of criticism before writing this piece.
The main complaints of those who did not like the futuristic adventure seem to be that the film focused on the visuals instead of the substance, that the story was thin, that the character of Mark Wahlberg was colorless and that theEnd surprise was zero.
To these people I would like to say? What were you waiting for?
This is a Tim Burton film, boys and girls.
Tim Burton's films have a large artistic direction and thin and clumsy stories.
For "Mars attacks!"
 (Jonathan Rosenbaum of the reader of Chicago and I were two of the only criticisms in America to rent the film) Burton would have launched "Mars attacks!"
The cards to be discussed on the ground and based its history on those who landed in front of upwards.
The reimagination by Burton in the story of an astronaut from 1968 which landed on a planet where the monkeys governed men who look great.
The monkeys, graciousness of the makeup magician Rick Baker, are dazzling and Ape City is a wonder to see.
Like astronaut Leo Davidson (Wahlberg), the film touches the floor on the move, whisking viewers through a series of solid liners and engaging vignettes and engaging a feeling of push that transports us through the more traditional combat scenes thatcome later.
As for Wahlberg, consider what Burton does with his character.
Since his departure as a filmmaker, Burton has shown his fascination for colored unsuitable (Pee-Wee Herman, The Joker, Ed Wood, Martians to hear Ack, etc.) and the lack of interest in standard heroes.
So Leo Davidson spends most of the film to bring out living shit before the greatest guilt trip in history fell on his shoulders.
Regarding the lack of color, remember, Leo only embarks on space to recover his monkey.
He does not want to direct humanity and he does not seek a romance of a pretty, but dull (Estella Warren) or a dynamic monkey (Helena Bonham Carter, formidable as an activist in equal rights).
As a man who just wants to go out, Wahlberg is concentrated, subtle and sneaky.
The end of surprise provides the required shock (and some other Dandy visuals, in particular figures from the approaching authorities), but it is true that it is not as satisfactory as that of the original.
For the original end to work, we only had to establish a simple connection, for this one, we must write a brand new scenario.
The "monkeys" of 1968 owned a handful of large scenes, cool look on monkeys, a deliciously hammered performance by Charlton Heston (which seems not credited here as an elderly chimpanzee on his deathbed, redelonging a classic line) and an end ofkiller.
But viewers had to suffer from many dull stretches punctuated by social and political messages issued with the grace of a demolition ball.
The 2001 "Planet of the Apes" offers a different set of large stages, much cooler monkeys, a beautiful Wahlberg, Bonham Carter, Paul Giamatti and Tim Roth game, and a not so good end.
It also gives us another chance to discover the biased vision of Tim Burton and it is nothing to complain about.