Fritz Lang's first American film since who left Nazi Germany is a revelation of the eyes on a crowd of Lynchres in a small town.
Joe Wilson (Spencer Tracy) is a regular Joe, a stiff hard work, a decent guy, who lives with his two brothers, Tom (Walcott) and Charlie (Albertson), in Chicago.
He is engaged to Katherine Grant (Sylvia Sidney), but cannot save enough money to marry her.
She takes the West train for a better paid job as a teacher.
Before leaving, she gives him the marriage ring that her father gave to his mother, sew his torn trench, corrects him when he says the bad word with Memento and kisses him goodbye.
A year is going on and Joe buys a car and tells Katherine that he will meet her to marry Capitol City, that he left his job and hopes to open a service station.
By driving through rural roads and camping at night while going to meet it, it arrives in a nearby city called Stand.
But the assistant sheriff "Buggs" Meyers (Walter Brennan) comes on him waving a hunting rifle and stops it.
He accuses him of the removal of a little girl.
The sheriff (Ellis) finds savory peanuts on him, just like the kidnapper in his pocket, he also has a five dollars ticket on him which corresponds to one of the numbers of the ransom money, and he corresponds tothe general description of the suspect.
Envy in prison, he waits for the district prosecutor to examine his claim of innocence.
In the local bar, the citizens of the city are raging when they learn that an arrest has been made in the removal.
Fucked by angry discussions to come back to the kidnapper and to have the deputy inadvertently tell them about the money of the ransom found on the suspect, a crowd ensures prison, burns and dynamite it when they cannot passin prisonercellule prison.
The sheriff called the Governor for the National Guard, but one of his political councilors counter this request, claiming that he would not be correct for the governor during a electoral year to call the troops for thosethat he wanted to vote for him.
In one way or another, Joe escapes, but his dog Rainbow dies.
Katherine hears what happened on the radio and rushes towards the neighboring city of Strand to see him engulfed by flames in his cell, and becomes convinced that he died.
The next day, the newspapers announced that the guilty kidnapper admits.
Joe returns to Chicago and tells his brothers, who are surprised to see him alive, whom he wants to take revenge.
He thus provides his brothers with the names of the 22 leaders of the Lynch crowd.
An ambitious district prosecutor (Walter Abel) continues on 22 for murder.
Katherine, not knowing that she is alive, remains in a state of shock, but is invited to be a witness that she saw Joe burning to death.
Defense claims that he cannot be an accusation of murder without a corpse.
The trial is interesting, because the citizens of this narrow and respectable community are under oath, providing alibis to each other to prove that they could not have been in prison.
The sheriff also lies, saying that he cannot identify anyone in the crowd.
But the proof comes by a news camera that caught the whole incident on the film.
As for proof of the corpse, an anonymous letter is addressed to the judge locked with the wedding ring that Katherine gave to Joe.
In the note, Memento is poorly spelled, which means that Katherine realizes that Joe is alive.
When the sentence is announced, 20 of the accused are found guilty of murder, but Joe enters the courtroom and delivered a pious speech on what happened.
Katherine forgives him, and this very strong film ends with a weaker note that I think he should have.
But do not blame Lang for all changes in the film, trying to remove the city by introducing this motif of wild revenge.
MGM could not bear to make it do the way Lang wanted it, that is to say by killing Tracy in the lynching.
Instead, they wanted to stop Unless they condemn so many small American cities where lynchagles really occur, and they thus mix with the entire script.
At Lang Credit, even if this film was not a masterpiece due to interference, it still has not let the good citizens turn off the moral hook.
His representation of the lynching attempt was powerful and was not compromised.
You could not help but feel that citizens did not care that they almost lynched an innocent man, but cared more to protect the reputation of their city and would do everything to prevent their 22 vigilants from'Go to prison, even perjure.
Their reaction to see Joe Alive was only satisfactory insofar as it meant that they were not going to be condemned.
Lang does not in any way imply that the city has learned its lesson from this incident.
It implies that an obscure side of Joe Wilson was exposed, and that the good Guyovial Innocent, seen at the start of the film, was widely changed by this traumatic experience.