Since 1990, the dramatic image has undergone a certain change in style.
Now, instead of emphasizing the well-being stories filled with characters of noble virtues, the scenarios and the direction point to human struggle and sorrow.
This realistic trend can sometimes be inspiring, as shown by the 1993 Schindler list.
Most of today's consumer drama, however, creates an overabundance of emotions that can deactivate public members.
This is why images like October Sky, which are a return to the good old dramas of yesteryear, are such a welcome relief in contemporary cinema.
The film is based on the true story of Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), a teenager in the city of the 1950s of Coalwood, in Virginia-Western.
It is a well -known fact that the only boys to make a name for themselves are those who leave the city on football scholarships; the others grow in the coal mine.
The mine, led by the father of Homer (Chris Cooper), is not the place of Homer.
After watching the SPOUTNIK Soviet satellite shoot in the sky in October in 1957, Homer feels a link with the outside world - as he says: "Anyone in the world could raise it and see the same thing as me.""
By writing two of his best friends and the Brainiac Outcast, Homer begins to build rockets.
With the help of their history teacher, Miss Riley (Laura Dern), and several mining, the four are soon intended for great things.
October Sky is a skillfully designed film, and most of this credit must go to director Joe Johnston.
Johnston - whose career in the film industry understands everything, from the realization of well -known titles as Jumanji and The Rocketeer to an unbeaned role as a soldier of death in Star Wars - certainly knows what he is doing here.
He shapes characters who are faithful to life and also fun to monitor in a simple and robust plot.
He does not push any barrier, but rather adopts a conservative cinema style that improves the charm of the film.
His finesse brings out elements that could otherwise be lost - such as relations between Homer and various mine workers, or the silent struggle between Homer's mother and the father.
The casting is well chosen, although the real light points are the support roles.
Laura Dern (Jurassic Park) gives a strong performance in the role of the history teacher, offering boys the support and advice they need.
His role is instantly sympathetic.
Chris Cooper (The Horse Whisperer), as Homer's father, is less sympathetic - even downright contemptible sometimes - but his turn here gives gravity to the film.
It is definitely an engine of Homer's life, and its more human moments give the room a certain laudable dynamic.
The script is generally cheerful, projecting boys' efforts in a light way.
There are moments when it becomes predictable - like the scene of railways - and there are moments when it sacrifices originality for the need to propose an emotional touch of the plot.
He highlights the essence of young people, however, and for his exceptional work to this, he can be forgiven for other false steps.
October Sky should be a success with the public.
Although it does not have the appeal of the films of current adolescents like university Blues where it is all this, it certainly contains an undeniable quality towards which the older crowds are leaning.
It is a welcome change in the dramatic genre, and the one that everyone should see.