The booming introductory music ends and the camera sweeps away the red mountains.
We see two figures look over a sterile and very red landscape.
They kiss, then walk.
One of the characters (Schwarzenegger) slides and falls.
The glass on its mask cracks.
His face rises and his eye begins to break out .....
Then Doug Quaid, played by Schwarzenegger, wakes up.
Everything was a dream.
He wakes up next to his beautiful wife, played by Stone, and the film begins ...
Total recall is a typical science fiction film wrapped around an interesting plot (so wacky).
Quaid, who never went to Mars, continues to dream of the planet, which has now been glued.
One day, driving on a train, it is an advertisement for a company called "Rekall", which implants vacation memories, instead of going there yourself.
Quaid chooses the memory of "the secret agent on Mars", then the S * * really hits the fan.
The implant goes wrong, and Quaid really thinks that he is an agent on Mars for about two minutes, until he returns to normal and that I do not remember anything.
However, all those he knows (his work colleagues, his wife) turns against him, saying how "Boullad about Mars" and "exploded his cover on the mission" a strange man, called Richter, playedBy ironsido, wants to kill him.
Quaid, now desperately confused, follows the advice given to him by a "friend".
He obtained his ass in Mars.
Mars is governed by Cohagen, played by Cox, who accused people for air.
Against him are the rebels, which are mainly mutants.
The need of the Quaid rebels to defeat Cohagen, because Quaid knows (but I don't remember yet) of a reactor that produces air.
Finally, Quaid kills Cohagen, lights the reactor, saves the planet and leaves with a beautiful girl, just like Rekall's guy promised him.
Throughout this plot, there are huge explosions, thousands of deaths (and I mean a lot of death) swearing, sex and everything that makes a good Verhoeven film (Director of Basic Instinct andTroopers Starship).
Naturally, there are quite imaginative deaths, with arms torn off, someone who is crazy and exploding heads.
As you can see, these are violent things.
But it is so elegantly done, and of course Arnie tones it with a lining, it is excusable.
The game is variable.
Arnie, of course, is useless, but it goes has good lines, and in the first twenty minutes, he even acts like a normal guy, not as an action hero.
Stone, of course, is useless, making a fairly poor woman and a fairly poor action hero.
But she does sex scenes.
Ticoton (more recently seen in Con Air), once again, is OK, doing a good deed, but being mistaken in emotions.
A minute, she hates Quaid, the next one, she loves her, and she never obtains this correct transmission.
So the good ones are horrible.
But the bad guys are excellent.
Cox mainly takes Robocop, but he is always great in this area, and he delivers the best line of the whole film towards the end.
Ironside is superbly bad, with a completely without emotion face.
The support cast is good, and even the comedy companion (this time in the form of a taxi driver) is boring.
A disappointing aspect, however, is the special effects.
Ilm and Dreamquest do a good job (like a metro station scene) but the work of the model is not so good.
Some model heads seem false, and Quatto is a major disappointment.
Another irritating thing is the placement of the products.
There are a lot of plugs (and a good March's tag today) however, the sets look great, and the special effects at the end of the film are not too bad either.
There is also a good soundtrack that crosses, by Jerry Goldsmith (The Omen, Poltergeist, Star Trek: The Motion Picture)
Overall, then, total recall is an extremely violent, but extremely pleasant action festival, w With a reasonable plot there too, great bad guys and imaginative death.
For a Schwarzenegger film, it's not bad at all.
In fact, it's very good.