How many of us would become stripper?
For those of us who do not do it, is it a moral reason, or purely a lack of confidence?
It is probably not a good question, and for many of us, it could very well be for any of these reasons.
However, looking at the full monty, you can start asking yourself these kinds of questions.
Would you be ready to smile and bother him to bring a very necessary paste?
In case you have not guessed it, full monty concerns undress, but the striptease is not.
It is actually a fairly charming comedy that uses his ideas with a lot of tact and sophistication.
This is the story of six out -of -work blue collars whose recent job losses have left the boys without the penny, but not without need.
what to do ?
He strikes our main gas character (Robert Carlyle) when he notices the big crowd of women who regularly pour into a local male striptease club.
It seems as simple: remove it and bring the money.
Finally, Gaz is able to convince his friends to join him to start their own exotic dance routine despite their initial reluctance.
These include overweight and confidence Dave (Mark Addy), very official Gerald (Tom Wilkinson), Lomper formerly suicidal (Steve Huison) and two additional comrades who win their place among the group by hearing: Horse(Paul Barber), an elderly man full of energy without branch, and Guy (Hugo Speer), a young well -endowed spectator who compared to Cary Grant.
When the Sextuor is finished, we are given a large dose of physical comedy.
We look at the awkward men awkward choreographing the pseudo-sex dance numbers, while proving why none of the stripper was first.
As if it were not enough, they decided to stimulate interest in the group by promising "The Full Monty" The opening evening, which for us, the Americans means completely.
 .
 .
And I mean * everything *.
The film actually ends the opening evening; an end worthy of hilarious applause, I could add.
He is sure not to leave anything big smile on your face when you leave the theater.
With the subject, you might not expect the entirely known monty as well known, almost inspiring, but it turns out to be surprisingly in this way.
The amount of light and touching drama is also a nice surprise, never feeling unbalanced from the very optimistic moments of the film.
There is much more in this film than you think in other words, and the overall distribution could not be better.
Each character is completely individual, interesting, funny and above all real.
The complete monty is never offensive, a very impressive attribute because its subject alone could easily have been the prey of the flavor.
It is one of those films that is best described as a solid piece of entertainment, perfect for a good evening on the city or as a film rental on Saturday evening.
Anyway, you see it, it should not drop you the least.
And, play of words strongly intended, when everything is said and done, you smile cheek.