One of the most popular intrigules of the whole kind of science fiction is time travel.
This concept, although many purists doubt its scientific references, have generated many novels, comics and interesting films in the last century.
However, the great grandfather of time travels, H.G. The novel by Wells the Time Machine, was not written with the intention of speculating on this concept or its consequences.
The author, H.G .Wells simply used it as a practical means of expressing his socialist opinions and condemning the big social gap between the rich and inactive capitalist class and poor work.
Whatever the intentions of Wells, the future generations of readers were less impressed by his political messages.
Instead, they were fascinated by the idea that the strange strange worlds could be explored without moving the space of the hollow.
The novel has become one of the great classics of science fiction and it is natural for filmmakers to use it as inspiration.
The first of them was George Pal, who in 1960 made a film which, over the years, would become the genre classic.
The intrigue revolves around George (Rod Taylor), Victorian scientist who discovered the way of traveling through the fourth dimension - time.
On the eve of the new 20th century, George gathered his friends in order to present his invention to them - a machine that would allow him to travel back in time.
They are skeptical, but that does not prevent George from making his plan and traveling in the future.
At first, he travels slowly, seeing London as he changed over the years and three world wars.
Finally, after having witnessed the Second World War, he went far in the future, hoping that he would stop attending the wars and the insane destruction.
When it finally reaches the year 802, 701 after JC, at first glance, the new world resembles a utopia - humanity consists of young people, but ocists, people fed, dressed and taken care of by invisible machines.
But, Wena (Yvette Mimieux), Eloi Woman, tells George another part of the medal - in the night, his people are prey by Morlocs, humanoid creatures of underworld.
The Time Machine has become the classic cinematographic for the same reason why the novel has become the classic of science fiction literature - the fantastic concept was a brilliant way for the authors to talk about problems and burning fears of their timerespective.
For H.G .Wells it was a frightening threat of class struggle; for George Pal and his screenwriter David Duncan, who produced the film in the worst days of the Cold War, it was the constant and more imminent threat of theNuclear holocaust, underlined with negative war references throughout the film.
Even the modern public, which would be tempted to reject the film as well as the old -fashioned, could find certain values in its universal messages, adapted to each era.
Compared to today's gender films, the time machine is even better and could serve as a good example to make smart and stimulating films.
Of course, as it is a Hollywood product after all, the time machine offers such concepts in the form of a classic adventure, sometimes sacrificing plausibility for attractiveness.
For example, it is difficult to imagine that someone would be able to understand a million perfect English in the future; the same is true for degenerating morlocs in mutant monsters, while it remains without distinction ofinhabitants of today.
Some of the final scenes, which transform the Victorian scientist into action superheroes, are also rather unconvincing.
But, on the other hand, the film is very well directed, intelligently punctuated and the special effects, although definitively old -fashioned, are more than sufficient for this type of image.
The game is good, with Rod Taylor in one of his most memorized roles, while Alan Young brings a rather memorable performance as a confidence of George, Filby.
Yvette Mimieux, who Plays Wena, on the other hand, would be more in memories by its appearance than by the complexity of its role.
However, despite all these faults, the time travel machine is a very good piece of cinema, which connoisseurs of quality science fiction films are sorely lacking these days.