"Crazy / Beautiful" suffers from Damné-IF-You-Do, damni-you-ne-ne-no.
After a series of flying and cookie adolescent films, the romantic drama approaches alcoholism and parental loss with its love story.
But rather than applaud production, the first exams rejected it as an exaggerated "special" special ".
Worse, in the wake of the hearings of the Federal Trade Commission which castigated the industry for the marketing of violent and sexual films to young people, the studio obtained a case of Heebie-Jeebies and forced the director John Stockwell to redoScenes and cut images to "thwart things."
Needless to say, the filmmaker was frustrated.
 "We were trying to make an edifying story," he told Newsweek, "and we couldn't show the behavior we try to warn people."
Be that as it may, the film works, thanks to exceptional performance of its main readers and a script determined to transcend stereotypes.
 "Crazy / Beautiful" is a quality rate, good enough for I half planned the shit of summer films to enter the press screening and to confiscate the imprint for "the failure of'Incorporation of explosions and shit jokes ".
Located in Pacific Palisades, California., History follows the emerging relationship between two adolescents.
Every morning and evening, Carlos Nunez (Jay Hernandez) makes a two -hour bus trip to frequent the Pacific high school.
Honorary student and star athlete, Carlos is responsible, modest and concentrated while working on securing a place at the Naval Academy.
Everything is well until he meets Nicole Oakley (Kirsten Dunst), the daughter of a rich member of the Congress (Bruce Davison).
Nicole is an apparently determined drunk on self -destruction.
Carlos is intelligent enough to recognize the danger of getting involved with her, but he is only human and she has the greatest smile.
In addition, as her father notes, she has a real talent to attract others to her descending spiral.
As with "Save the Last Dance", "Crazy / Beautiful" (God, how I hate titles in lower cases) takes situations that look outdated on paper and make them fresh.
While noting the racial and social differences between children, the scenario dances around most of the cliché (there are still several MTV moments, however).
The filmmakers make it a duty to give characters this little more shade which transforms them into individuals instead of stereotypes and the actors take it from there.
Cute as a Dunst button forces the spectator to share the pain under Nicole's behavior.
It is credible enough that when Papa urges Carlos to move away from her before dragging him, I hoped that the boy would listen.
As Carlos, Hernandez is a revelation.
Hunky without resembling the product of a Hollywood design team, the young man can really act; we will see a lot of this type in the future.
Aside from its title, the biggest problem with "Crazy / Beautiful" is its end, which envelops everything too fast and too well tidy.
After having carefully presented characters and credible situations, the conclusion feels rushed and lazy.
However, it is the kind of film that deserves the distinctions of criticism instead of cheap blows.
 "Special SauScolaire" My ass? "Crazy / Beautiful" is the real deal.