With the success of The Surprise Hit Alien, directed by Ridley Scott, a sequel was inevitable.
In fact, after watching the first film, a sequel was wanted, in particular by this criticism.
Putting the director's chair to the recent gem of the box office James Cameron, who had only made two films before this one (Pirahna II, a surprisingly dull film, and Terminator, making Cameron a familiar name), the seriesAlien obtained a lift faced from proportions.
Instead of being a suspense / science fiction film, Cameron modifies the series and transform it into an image of action.
What results are one of the most terrifying films ever created.
A film like extraterrestrials only presents itself once in time, and when it does, the public generally does not apply.
I have never seen this film in theaters, but I would like to be able to have.
Terror and fear had to be unimaginable, most likely with the members of the public who literally howl with fear.
The extraterrestrials are an action film unlike everything I have ever seen.
With a science fiction intrigue, Cameron gives foreigners added testosterone, pumping the action and the shooting power of the original film.
In fact, the extraterrestrials are one of those rare suites that leads the original.
Perhaps what makes the extraterrestrial series so impressive is the hero - or the heroine, as the case may be.
We have never had a more sympathetic hero in an action film, and I have never seen such an impressive work as an actor made by the main character.
Sigourney Weaver is perhaps the only actress who could play this character and make her realistic enough for us to care.
Placing a woman in these situations sometimes seemed unusual, but because of the presence of Weaver, a woman is the only appropriate hero.
The extraterrestrials start 57 years after the end of Alien.
Lieutenant Ellen Ripley (Tisserand) is discovered at Hypers Sleep on Nostromo and is awake.
She explains how she is the only survivor of her meeting spent with extraterrestrials, but "society" is doubtful.
They explain that a colony of families thrives on the same planet from which she has just left.
Despite severe Ripley warnings, the company remains rigid and will not recall families.
However, when the company loses contact with the colony, the story of Ripley seems much more feasible.
One of the company's directors, Carter Burke (Paul Reiser), wants to bring together a team to go to the planet.
This team includes a Private Vasquez buff (Jenette Goldstein), a dubious corporal Hicks (Michael Biehn) and a faithful Android bishop (Lance Henriksen).
Burke accompanies Ripley as they go to the planet to locate the members of the colony.
Arriving on the planet, the team finds most of human life extinct in a cocoon type environment.
The only survivor is Rebecca "Newt" Jorden, 12 years old (Carrie Henn).
Ripley finds that it is a chance to be the mother that she has never had the opportunity to become, and she becomes the mother of substitution of Newt.
Ripley and Newt are the only ones to know what happened, and soon, all hell is unleashed.
The extraterrestrials not only multiplies the strong sensations and the suspense of the version of Scott, but also multiplies the number of foreigners in general.
Alien focused on an extraterrestrial in particular who systematically killed each crew member, with the exception of Ripley, who managed to drop the foreigner of Nostromo.
The extraterrestrials focus on an entire breed of these extraterrestrials and, therefore, the chills are incredibly increased.
Again, here is James Cameron, the guy who gave us real lies and Terminator 2: Day of judgment.
He is the best action director there (at the head of Renny Harlin, who made Cliffhanger), and he alone could create something as terrifying as this film.
It seems that each extraterrestrial film seems to have a scene or memorable scenes, and the extraterrestrials are responsible for mother.
With perhaps one of the most amazing ends ever created for an action film, Aliens Climax never seems to strike until the spectator is Almost advanced to extreme exhaustion.
I do not remember another film to maintain this level of intensity throughout, without ever falling for a moment.
Just when you think the film is over, something else will happen and it starts again right away.
With an apparently endless conclusion, the extraterrestrials end with one of the greatest moments in the history of cinema.
This scene is generally the one that remembers the most of the film, while Lieutenant Ripley enters one of the lifting machines to fight the extraterrestrial queen.
Using flawless special effects, the highest point is exhausting, leaving any member of the drained audience of extreme anxiety.
Of course, for a film of this kind to work properly, the technical aspects must be realistic enough for us to believe what we see.
The extraterrestrials are completely realistic, even a decade after its initial release.
The special effects are wonderfully transparent, with a terrifying foreigner to accompany them.
One of the most neglected aspects of this film is music, composed by James Horner by Cameron-Régulier.
Horner created a formidable score, receiving an Oscar appointment for his work.
Not only that, Horner also created one of the best scores for any action film or a science fiction film (and this includes 2001: A Space Odyssey, which was mainly a compilation of well-known composers).
In fact, Climax's music is also among the most recognized in film music.
The design of production is incredible, which has also proven to hang an appointment of the academy.
The dark corridors lit by the red lights are very impressive, but more impressive is the amount of terror that comes from well -lit places.
Normally, a film will be very dark to scare a spectator; the extraterrestrials use lights to scare the spectator.
Then, of course, cinematography, which uses shots, as well as video flows in order to build the suspense.
Some of the most frightening scenes involve Ripley's perspective.
Surprisingly, the game is not only higher than the average for this kind, but among the best.
Sigourney Weaver received an nodal appointment for his representation of Ripley, incorporating the right amount of sympathy in his hard character with hard edges.
Weaver hovers above the rest of this film, but it is supposed to do it.
Carrie Henn gives an above -minded performance for a child, developing a three -dimensional character in his silent attitude.
Lance Henriksen is great as a bishop, showing that Androids do not always have to be flat characters.
Jenette Goldstein shows a good amount of enthusiasm with her role and steals several scenes (although her personality becomes slightly boring when she does not fight).
Michael Biehn gives a very good performance in the most compulsory role of the film.
However, Biehn does a good job, which makes him original again.
Paul Reiser may seem a strange choice to play the shady corporate director, but Reiser manages to succeed (however, I always see him as Paul on "Mad About You" on television).
A very good casting (which also includes Bill Paxton and William Hope) highlights this action film, which stands out from the others.
The extraterrestrials are rightly classified R for violence, gore, language and terror.
Extraterrestrials are in a way the moment of redefinition of the kind of science fiction, because Alien was more a suspense / horror film.
The extraterrestrials pump the issues and Cameron directs it with professional quality.
Cameron certainly knows how to make a good action film, but here he proves how he can create really horrible moments on the screen.
Technically surprising, the only flaw of extraterrestrials is small characters who are only there to be killed.
Aside from that, you will probably not feel anything like extraterrestrials for a while.