Note: normally, MoviereViews.org will not give critical intrigue points of a film which could be interpreted as "spoilers".
However, being that the music of the heart is based on a true story and that MoviereViews.org
Feel that the film cannot be properly credited without such revelations, the intrigue gifts will appear in the following journal.
If that bothers you, please note the 3 -star note from the film and stop reading now.
 "What does it take to play Carnegie Hall?"
practical ."
It takes two hours to the music of the heart to "play Carnegie Hall", both figuratively and literally.
Like the children he depicts, the film begins from the dark kingdoms of horrible cinema and heads towards a breathtaking performance at the legendary concert.
Roberta Guaspari (winner of the Oscars Meryl Streep) has two children, a husband who left her and 50 violins she bought in a small boutique in the Mediterranean.
Her life desperately needed a start -up and gets one when she meets a man who presents work as a music teacher in an East Harlem primary school.
She soon finds that her job is on the rocks while the men of her life continue to turn through rotating doors.
It is the intrigue similar to a model of this production.
In the end, the film chooses an answer to a zero sum of these problems and finds its musical career at a record level when the men of his life finally disappear.
The first hour of music from the heart is rather painful.
The character of Roberta lacks development and therefore seems to be flat.
The film's "Bad Guy", a music teacher (Josh Pais) of the film, is also a music teacher with a narrow spirit (Josh Pais) who rejects Roberta in principle (the film never explains what principle)could be dramatic to have a villain around.
The next 15 minutes of the film are poor.
They are underlined by the return of a child to Roberta's class (coming after the big Hollywood scene where he explains that it is no longer there because "my mother said ...") and a brilliant concert.
Not knowing the execution time, you can expect the credits to this stage.
But they don't.
Instead, the film uses the next 45 minutes to finish its trip from bad to mediocre to excellent.
Director Wes Craven, known for his horror works, uses old sentimental tips to tear the public.
A romantic breakage scene is highlighted by the classic "but ....
last night ..."
And the two children of Roberta also have conflicts of textbooks with their single mother concerning the absence of their father.
The city of Harlem plays an important role in the film.
Roberta's mother is initially reluctant to see her daughter move to this part of the city and the film does nothing to fight this stereotype.
The noise tracks for these scenes are dominated by the sirens; as you would expect, one of the students of Roberta is shot down and killed off screen.
One thing that the film is missing is subtlety.
The fact that a little boy played "we are going to defeat" on his violin after the aforementioned shooting was a cute and discreet reference.
The fact that the whole orchestra begins to play again and again a short time after is an exaggerated reference which shows the little credit it grants to the public.
 (Of course, in horror films, prefiguration and moments between the line are supposed to be exaggerated, so maybe he also learns to play the game.)
Even with all its faults, the music of the heart is a beautiful film.
This is not an excuse for the bad start of the film.
But looking at the Carnegie Hall scenes, I thought of some of the great acts that have taken this scene.
In December 1979, an actor named Andy Kaufman presented a show that will forever remain as one of the most original in the history of the theater.
Performance included an impression from Elvis to death, Robin Williams disguised and a moment at the end when Kaufman announced that he Take out the whole audience for milk and cookies.
So how did this comic genius choose to open the spectacle of his life?
He had a character by the name of Tony Clifton, I took the scene for the sole purpose of irritating and angry the audience.
Perhaps it is normal that the music of the heart begins Rusty because just as Kaufman had the favorite food of Santa Claus, this film has an incredible final.