There seem to be two reactions to Dark City.
Either you like it or you are not impressed.
Count me as a "love".
As good as the crow and laying, Dark City is better.
When the first two have a specific comic book book, the second is an original work with the broader attraction potential.
It has a look similar to others, but Dark City is much more thoughtful and much less violent.
Not intelligent or complex, the story is always fascinating, such as a selection of the twilight zone.
A man (Rufus Sewell) is awake in his bathtub by a man with a syringe.
Surprised, the attacker fled.
The dazed man comes out of the bathtub and finds a woman's body in the room.
A mysterious calling man warns him to leave the apartment immediately, so he wraps clothes and leaves, I never know why he leaves or what he was fleeing.
Macabre characters in long coats recognize the man and pursue him through the Black City, tracks him like figures in a nightmare.
A strange explosion of will allows man to dream of his pursuers long enough to check his I.D.
Amnesics learns that he does not dream and that his name is John Murdoch.
Now, if only he could remember the rest of his life ....
Dark City is good on several levels.
First, the film's look is excellent.
Give credit to production designers George Liddle and Patrick Tatopolous for having created a coherent look from various elements.
There are visual elements of the 1920s and 60s American, mixed with urban industrial elements of the Dickens era.
Everything is gathered in a sad and dark look that recalls the restaurant in the painting of Edward Hopper, Nighthawks.
The use of models by Proyas gives an unreality duly strange to the world of the film (because not only the public sees the city a model, but also the ghouls).
The look is like a cross between Tim Burton Batman and the dark animation of the Quay brothers.
Second, the edition of the film is good.
The pace is on the right track and the plot is revealed, explained "amnesia" in satisfactory increments.
In addition, the stylized edition in each scene gives the film a tense and cavity look.
Third, the special effects are well used.
They look good, but more importantly, the right effects are used for the right work.
An example comes out in my mind: the coated figures that haunt the city can attack telekinetically.
A simple ripple effect is used.
A more visible effect could have been chosen, but it would then have been free.
The restraint was shown if necessary, which allows the most critical effects to appear more impressive.
Finally, like Gattaca, Dark City has a little effort to strive by mythical meaning.
Unlike Gattaca, the story is just open and not literal to succeed.
The recovery of John Murdoch of amnesia is linked to the death of the night and to the full of hope for dawn.
His fight against amnesia is both figuratively and literally the struggle of all humanity (at least in his world).
When we finally see the overview of the world of the film, it is as mysterious as the Iroquois image of the world transported to the back of a giant turtle.
Some minor faults prevent me from giving this film the same perfect score as Roger Ebert gave, but I highly recommend it, for its look, its rhythm, its history and its timelessness.