Synopsis: Private detective Tom Welles is hired by a rich widow to discover the origins of a tobacco film belonging to his late husband.
After discovering the authenticity of the film, Welles descends into an underground world of perverse pornographers who seek vigilant revenge on filmmakers.
Comments: 8 mm is one of the most disturbing consumer films that I have seen for a long time.
Although it does not present a tobacco8 mm film stays in your head long after seeing it.
It's not fun to look at it; see something else if you get angry with realistic and sadistic violence.
The violence of this film and perverse sexuality judge closely in the territory NC-17.
For those who have a strong stomach, however, 8 mm is an intelligent and interesting thriller, especially during its second hour.
Nicolas Cage, after a few Ho-Hum films, returns to equipment that allows him to use his strong acting capacities.
As Tom Welles, a private detective and a father attentive to a newly born woman and girl, a cage skillfully and convincingly portray a decent man whose unshakable energy is slowly transformed into obsessed and violence whileIt is pulled in a nightmarish world of underground and brutal sexual pornographers.
Joaquin Phoenix is a guide to this world, who plays a songwriter in difficulty named Max California.
California, despite its name, is a surprisingly intelligent and complex character, and Phoenix is doing a very good job to slowly draw the audience from the character's sympathy.
The real star of the film, however, must be Peter Stormare.
Stormare played the "really, really evil guy" in Fargo, and his character, Dino Velvet, in this film seems about ten times more badly and unpredictable.
His performance is very frightening.
The success of 8 mm may not be surprising.
He was directed by Joel Schumacher, who, hopefully, saw this film as an apology for the Batman and Robin absolutely terrible.
Before directing the last two failures of Batman, however, Schumacher was responsible for several well -made horror films: lost boys, trays and falls.
8 mm certainly joins the rank of these minor classics and perhaps recalls the most to fall into the fact that the two films present an average man who self-destructive under the eyes of the public.
8 mm was written by Andrew Kevin Walker, who also wrote the award -winning thriller with seven Oscars a few years ago.
Like seven, 8 mm is full of dialogue that haunts you well after leaving the theater.
Welles is looking for answers.
How could someone drugs, then slowly, methodically, sadistically kill a teenager to make a film?
When he faces one of the perperters at the end, the murderer replied that there is no reason.
He just likes it.
It is, Walker seems to suggest, it is where the true terror is: not in the crime itself but in the fact that the rational reasons do not exist.
Some minor faults have led me to my four -star note (Five Stars is the highest note I give).
One, I found a little difficult, from the start, to accept the fact that a hardened private detective would be physically disgusted when he saw a tobacco film.
Yes, SNUFF is a horrible thing, but a detective of the caliber of Welles probably encountered horrible things before.
Second, some of the clues that Welles brings together is too practical.
He discovered, for example, the victim's newspaper in his private bathroom, despite the fact that the police, the FBI and his own mother all investigated the room before.
Finally, the closing scene seemed banal and unlikely given the rest of the film.
Despite the above criticisms, 8 mm is a captivating story.
One of the best scenes in the film occurs towards the end A crazy Welles, who no longer seems to be a hero, brutally beats one of the pornographers responsible for the film in Priver.
He pulls a weapon on man and, for a relatively long time, has trouble deciding to kill him or not.
He then left the building and called the victim's mother, in the middle of the night, to see essentially if she would support the action.
The whole scene is tense, unpredictable and emotionally charged.
Rarely, more, horror films or thrillers cause suspense in me like 8 mm, with scenes like this, did.
8 mm is certainly not for the low hearts.
It is a graphic, often flawless, looks in the darkness that resides in ordinary and extraordinary people.
If you are ready for a film of this nature, I give it an enthusiastic recommendation.