In intolerance, D.W.Griffith told four different stories at the same time, cutting from one to the other.
Each of the stories is based on a rapid culmination point.
In Magnolia, Paul Thomas Anderson tells several stories each tangentially linked to the others.
However, the stories and where they go are all independent.
What is strange in these stories is that they are all synchronized.
Each story has repercussions at a tense moment (or what seems to be intended to be a tense moment), but then lets the tension dissolve.
While the tension dissipates, a character begins to sing a song and in each plot, the main characters sing, even if they are not in the same scene.
Then, towards the end, the stories are reinforced again at a tense time.
It is almost as if the characters were in a way psychically linked.
This creates strange effects.
The stories concern empty desperate people with dysfunctional relationships.
The strands have various degrees of bizarre content.
We have the story of a dying Earl Partridge (Jason Robards) wanting to get in touch with his son and make amends.
Phil Parma (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is her nurse who is frantic to help Partridge achieve her final goal.
The young wife of Partridge, Linda (Julianne Moore), becomes more and more anxious as Partridge dies, but for an unexpected reason.
Frank MacKey (Tom Cruise) directs the type of self-assistance seminar that companies love so much, but he targets his teaching to unhappy men to be real shit to deal with women in an angry reaction to Libwomen.
Officer Jim Kurring (John c. Reilly) is a patroller who needs to feel that he makes the world better.
Jimmy Gator (Philip Baker Hall) is organizing a popular children's television quiz program that really exploits and destroys children as we see in the stories of the Kid Stanley Spector (Jeremy Blackman) and the former quiz Kid Donnie Smith (WilliamH. Macy).
The film juggles all these stories for more than three hours, but even after all this time, no story is satisfactorily resolved.
Each story moves to a single bizarre common culminating point, but it is not the one who seems to do much but derail each story.
The common highest point itself is ambiguous in many ways and fails to really attach any of the stories.
The film seems to be built around strange events and a strange story, but it really has little to do with the content of the stories, although they are all partly connected by a strange event.
Magnolia will probably pay very deserved attention to Paul Thomas Anderson, but in my opinion, his two previous films, Hard Eight and Boogie Nights were better told.
It is interesting that we are starting to wait for the actors of Anderson's company.
John C.Reilly seems to be a standard element.
Philip Baker Hall, who gave a fascinating performance from the first scene of Hard Eight.
Here, several of the characters are fascinating, but this characteristic is not really used.
As studies on the characters, these stories each deserve from the consequences.
As a well -balanced story with a start, an environment and an end, they leave something to be desired.
But the film is willing to make the unexpected and it helps to make the film worth seated.
I note a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the scale from -4 to +4.
Heavy spoiler ...
Heavy spoiler ...
Heavy spoiler ...
Heavy spoiler ...
During the strange culmination of the film, we receive several messages from the filmmaker that the event we see really occurs.
And in fact, this is the case.
Since biblical times, frog rain has been interpreted as signs of dissatisfaction with the gods.
However, it is a perfectly natural, but somewhat disturbing phenomenon.
The cause is associated with swirls.
We know that tornadoes on land can tear the earth and even objects of a certain size of the soil and throw them in the air, holding them in the air.
The reader may remember the unfortunate Twister Cow.
Small objects can be launched high in the atmosphere, then be kept in the air by the upwards ascending for surprisingly long periods like hail and pieces of ice.
When the whirlwind is above the water, the animals near the surface, frequently fishing and frogs, can suffer the same fate.
Essentially, they are sucked in by the whirlwind, held in the air by ascending currents and ultimately abandoned elsewhere.
Thus, although the rain is possible, some doubts slip.
The rain of frogs represented in this film can be on a larger scale than I had imagined it for a rain of frogs.
It seems unlikely that the frogs are always alive when they fell.
It is not clear that geographic conditions are suitable for Los Angeles to have this type of phenomenon.
 (Frankly, I have no idea of these points.)
Otherwise, the event was quite credible.
What we see in this film is much more credible than the phenomena we have seen in Volcano.
In the film, it is left ambiguous if the rain is a sign of God because there are many references to Exodus 8: 2.
 "And the frogs will come to you and to your people, and to all your servants."
However, a rain of frogs, although it seems biblical, is certainly not a biblical omen.
Note that the previous verse said "and the river will make the frogs that will increase abundantly ...", "
The Bible therefore refers not to a rain but to an infestation of the river.
The only other reference to frogs in the Bible is like a symbol of impurity in Apocalypse 16:13.