Ingredients: James Bond, diving scene, car controlled by cell phone
Synopsis: The distorted media tycoon Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) appears to trigger a war between Great Britain and China to stimulate the notes using a "stealth ship" to dismiss a British missile captured in the city ofBeijing.
The James Bond super-agent (Pierce Brosnan) uses gadgets, picking and charming to thwart the Carver diagram.
This time, Bond joins forces with the best Wai Lin female agent in China (Michelle Yeoh).
The film contains fights, prosecution, gadgets and comic moments.
Opinion: He has no casino scene or ski scene, but tomorrow never dies is nevertheless a solid and pleasant connection film.
He does not stand out nor disappoints.
In Old Bond Film, Bond sometimes joined forces with the American CIA Felix Leiter.
Tomorrow Never Dies presents a new character in the form of the Chinese agent Wai Lin.
Like the character of Leiter, Wai Lin would be a safe bet for a cameo in a subsequent connection film.
Stars: Michelle Yeoh was born Leo in the Western Zodiac in the year of the Tiger on the Asian Astrology calendar.
I don't believe in horoscopes.
But in an airport, I traveled an astrology book with a section on Leo Tigers (LTS).
 “Leo Tigers prefers enough solitude to develop at their own pace.
The LTs are incredibly courageous in the face of adversity.
The LT is also chic and has an excellent sense of refinement, but it considers itself an adventurer and prefers freedom of movement rather than symbols of flashy status.
This person loves family and friends with fierce loyalty.
She is delighted with the brothers and sisters, the nephews, the nieces and the extended family - but she must have her personal freedom to come and come as she pleases.
Sometimes the annoyance of injustice pushes her to take one or two causes.
In Love Life, the LT has an unfortunate mental block not to commit to any partner less powerful than it. "
In real life, Michelle Yeoh is the best female star in Asia.
Like Jackie Chan, she makes her own stunts.
She was born in Malaysia - - A country of many languages - - and her main language (the language she speaks in her sleep) is English.
She learned Malay at school and learned the Cantonese of bilingual parents.
As an athlete, Michelle represented Malaysia on an international scale.
She loved squash, diving, swimming and rugby.
She studied the ballet at the Royal Academy of Dance in London, but went to the drama after a spine injury.
In 1983, she won the Miss Malaysia competition - - without really having the intention, because a family member had entered her into the competition without her knowledge.
The notoriety of the competition finally led to a film career as an actionherine of action.
Michelle survived a divorce with the Asian retail magnate Dickson Poon; an almost deadly cascade accident falling from a motorway viaduct which put it in hospital for three months, and a retreat of the films.
His return from retirement, Supercop (1992) became the best profitable film in Asia that year.
It is not clear what is the style of Michelle's martial arts, but it can be a theatrical version of Wing Chun.
From his character, Wai Lin in Tomorrow never dies, Michelle says: "Wai Lin is the first Bond girl who is tied with Bond, someone who can associate with him mentally and physically."
My own opinion is that the casting Michelle Yeoh as Agent Wai Lin was an excellent choice.