When I saw the trailer for this film, I laughed stronger than I had done for some time.
Although I was quite excited to see it, I have always been aware that a trailer may that even the most mediocre film is beautiful.
I am happy to say that there is something about Mary is not one of these bandons.
In fact, watching this film was a good way to spend two hours.
The film opens in the flashback in 1985, in a high school in Cumberland, Rhode Island.
Ted Stroehmann (Ben Stiller) is a social rejection which does not seem to have a date at the next ball, until it arrives at the defense of mentally delayed Warren (w.
Earl Brown), who is harassed by one of the school's jocks.
It seems that Warren's sister is the queen of the campus, Mary Jensen (Cameron Diaz), who is impressed by Ted's desire to defend her defenseless brother, despite a very real chance to be beaten.
Mary takes an immediate taste from Ted and asks him at the ball.
Ted was simply flattered that she even knew her name.
Unfortunately, the ball evening is ruined when Ted has an accident with his zipper (to which every man in the theater grimacera) and is sent to the hospital.
Quick advance to the present, where Ted was cleaned, now writes for a magazine, but has weekly therapy sessions in order to deal with his obsession of the last 13 years: Mary, whom he has not seen sinceThis fateful day.
With the help of his friend Dom (Chris Elliott), Ted hires the viscous private investigator Pat Healy (Matt Dillon) to find his only love.
However, when Pat finds Mary, he falls in love with her too, and soon both participate in his affections.
There is something about Mary is led by Bobby and Peter Farrelly, who brought us stupid and stupid and ankles.
Not exactly intelligent comedies, they are a variety of guilty pleasure where you may not want your friends or colleagues to think that you have had such a good time to look at them.
With their current film, The Farrelly Brothers found something that you will appreciate not only, but that wouldn't bother you either the next day in the water cooler.
The film succeeds in using a fairly wide range of comic styles, from the subtle to ridicule, and although some of the gags could be offensive for some (seeming residues from the last two films of the Farrelly Brothers), they work almost all.
I have not seen many films in the recent past that shoots the brand and I hit it so often.
A minute, you will make fun of something that Ted says, and the next one you will howl in the sight of a dog dragging him on the floor of Mary's apartment.
One of the great things this film has for him is Ben Stiller.
He is perfectly thrown into the role of Ted, because he is a guy who looks clumsy in almost all situations.
Ted is a good guy and try to do his best, but for one reason or another, does not always work.
It's comical, but also this kind of attraction where you really feel for him and want him to come out in mind.
In fact, I liked Stiller since he made a short film which broadcast the Saturday Night Live Back in the mid -80s.
The film was like a theatrical trailer for a parody on the film Tom Cruise / Paul Newman the Color of Money, entitled The Hustler of Money.
In this document, Stiller played Wince (not Vince) who is taken under the wing of an older man (played by John Mahoney) to become a coarse to bowl.
He was parodying his best, which more short -lived "The Ben Stiller Show" appeared on the Fox network at the end of 1992 / early '93.
Like "The Critic" (broadcast on ABC, then Fox), I always cry the cancellation of this program.
Cameron Diaz is absolutely enchanting for most of the film, although her character seems obsessed with perfection in the men she comes out, and some of the qualities she seeks give Mary a thin look sometimes.
However, Diaz takes the role With such a plume and such a charm, which you can always see why she has guys who come across each other to be with her.
Heck, I even found his laughter to be cute, even if I thought it was boring during an appearance she made in The Tonight Show last week.
My girlfriend pointed out that Matt Dillon does not change, and you know, it's really true.
He and Ralph Macchio have to spend time or something like that.
Perhaps they live in the Dick Clark swimming pool house.
Anyway, here is another good casting, while Dillon slips beautifully into the role of the guy who tries to make his way in Mary's heart.
Support performance is also good.
Chris Elliott has a larger part than in Abyss (yes, check it next time) and less boring than in Cabin Boy.
Lin Shae, who plays the neighbor of Mary Magda (and also appeared as the owner in Kingpin), gives good laughs, especially in the scenes with her Benji dog, who acts as the focal point for some of the momentsThe funniest of the film.
Lee Evans, as Imi de Mary Tucker, displays flexibility in the game and the accents that surprise and contributes to an interesting touch of conspiracy.
The Farrelly brothers and writers Ed Decter and John J.Srauss maintains the comic rhythm so that there are no notable moments when the film drags.
The only problem I have seen was their use of a few musicians who provide segues between several key scenes.
They appear from nowhere and actually sing relevant information to the camera.
It was a device that was fun for about three seconds when they opened the film.
After that, it has become a little boring, and it is regrettable that these spots interrupt what would otherwise be a smooth flow.
Fortunately, filled with gags of view, humorous lines and a solid comic game, there is something about Mary will always make you laugh after leaving the theater.