When a person goes to the theater to see a comedy, he may always have to sit through inanity like what we recently saw in films like EDTV and Office Space.
It is really a shame that the comedies are so successful, because when a film buff goes to a theater that expects to be amused, it is really a shame when the alleged comedy does not reach.
But cry no, dear readers, because the last comedy of the Hollywood film is nothing less than a safe bet.
Austin Powers: The spy that broke me is one of the funniest things that I had the pleasure of seeing for a long time; a completely looney and delicious parody of James Bond films often pretentious.
If all comedies (or even half; or - - What do I say?
- Even a fifth of them) could also be hysterical still, I would take a residence at my local multiplex.
Even more on the credit of this film is the fact that this is a series of the Hit Sleeper / Cult from 1997 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery.
The original came out of nowhere; it was an eccentric film at a low budget that many expected to switch like a parody Leslie Nielsen.
All of a sudden, it was quoted by adolescents from all over America.
Ironically, "Yeeeeah Baby of Powers, yeah!"
almost became an icon in the late 90s.
Thus, another episode was inevitable, but it is also undoubtedly welcome.
The spy that broke me is one of the most limited and excessive comedies that I have ever seen in my whole life.
It brings most of the characters from its predecessor (even if it is only briefly) and adds new ones.
Austin Powers (Mike Myers), an oscillating hipster from the 60s transported in the 90s, must return to his own time to recover his mojo (Oh, you will discover it), who is Dr. the bad (Meyers again) stole.
He enlisted the help of a magnificent secret agent Felicity Shagwell (now that his previous acolyte Vanessa has been properly eliminated in a hilarious opening sequence), played without very distinction by Heather Graham and together, they return to the 60s forDefeat Dr.Mal again.
Surprisingly, the real star is Dr.Mal rather than austin.
He obtained most of the screen because he was so popular in the first film.
Maybe this is true because it is represented and written so affectionately.
Instead of being the crazy and nasty scientist that we could expect from a character like this, he is an aspiring in awkward and often sweet crazy.
The spy that broke me most of the same things we saw in the original, but it suits me because the original has let us want more.
As we were finished, we did not have almost our share of shag jokes, raw playwords and narrowness of powers and this suite satisfies our appetites.
Even according to her conclusions, I am still not sure I had my filling of bits as "do you smoke after sex?"
 "I don't know, baby, I never looked at."
It may seem terribly immature on my part, but understand that the Austin Powers series, unlike most bullshit that Hollywood feeds us today, is really funny.
I do not know if I never laughing at any film than when sending Jerry Springer or the indibbling "just us" by Dr. the bad and his new miniature clonenamed "mini-me".
I have no claims whether it is a particularly intelligent social satire or anything.
Indeed, there is little beyond the joy that a spectator feels when he sees something that is able to entertain him as much as this film.
But as far as I'm concerned, that's enough.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;