Intigally entitled "Don't Lose Your Head", this parody of The Scarlet Pimpernel Story was the first action to be produced by Rank Film Productions.
Two English FOPS, the `` powders, in pearlets, in Rib Basked '' Sir Rodney Ffing (Sidney James) and his counterpart Lord Darcy Pew (Jim Dale) decide to go to revolutionary France to try to save their French royalist colleagues andaristocrats to lose your head by the guillotine.
Due to a series of machinations and costumes, they succeed in large part.
FFING becomes known as the black nail '' because it leaves a business card behind that shows two fingers standing, one with a black nail.
After the nail saved an eminent royalist, the Duke of Pommfrit (Charles Hawtrey), the citizen Robespierre (Peter Gilmore) orders to the chief of the Secret Police Police `` `the great cheese '' Camembert (Kenneth Williams) and theCitizen Bidet (Peter Butterworth) to follow the following following the following the following following the following the following the following the following the following the following Lefingernail in England and delete it.
 (In fact, Darcy and FFING are their coachars!)
Once in Calais, the nail meets Jacqueline (Dany Robin) and they fall in love instantly.
He tells her his identity and gives her his medallion.
When Camembert realizes that the nail is nearby, he is looking for the hostel in Calais and captures Jacqueline, thinking that she is carrying a diguise and is really the nail!
Jacqueline is imprisoned in the Bastille and Camembert, her love Desiree Dubarry (Joan Sims), and Bidet will go to London in pursuit of the nail.
They claim to be in noble stock, calling themselves Duke and duchess of the pen of my aunt (with Bidet their assistant) and are invited by Darcy to a bullet held by Ffing.
Desiree discovers that Ffing is the nail by wearing the medallion around her neck, but she ends up falling in love with him.
Ffing tries to stall Camembert so that he could return to the Bastille to save Jacqueline, Camembert moved him in the `` new chateau '', and a culminating sword fight decides which will lose his head at the end of the film!
A more complex story than most ONs, this film benefits from good production values (sets, costumes) and a distribution on form.
Sid James is excellent as English and Black Fingernail FOP, Kenneth Williams excels like the evil camembert, and Peter Butterworth plays the substantial part of the thick spray of the Camembert.
Other interim honors go to Joan Sims which is perfect as Desiree and Charles Hawtrey who is excellent as a French Pommfrit.
Although he suffered from a disastrously too long sword fight at the end of the film, he has greatly succeeded due to the performances of the main stars, his smooth and professional production and his best than usual scenario.
Certainly one of the best in the series and a joy to watch.