Anastasia contains something that lacks all recent Disney outings ...
 (especially Hercules) ...
emotion.
All the eccentric characters expressed by celebrities and fantastically animated adventure sequences will not retain the interest of anyone unless there is an emotional nucleus to hold everything together.
Not since Disney's Beauty & The Beast had such a convincing animated film with characters and an interesting drama that works.
The story of the Romanov family, the leaders of Russia and their fall begins the film.
Anastasia, one of the girls, slightly escapes the mad monk Rasputin (expressed by Christopher Lloyd) with his grandmother (expressed by Angela Landsbury).
But Anastasia gets lost and grows without memory of her royal origins.
The grandmother lives in Paris, one day hoping to find her beloved Anastasia, the only member of the family to survive the Russian Revolution.
A young woman named Anya (expressed by Meg Ryan) crosses Dimitri (John Cusack) and Vlad (Kelsey Grammar), who are trying to set up a plan to create an anastasia to deceive the grandmother and obtain the reward money.
They choose Anya to pretend to be their princes, and of course, it is soon revealed that Anya is in fact lost anastasia.
Dimitri realizes that he can never win his love because he is a commoner, and during this time, Rasputin is not dead and plots his revenge against the latest Romanov.
The plot is actually quite well structured.
There are a lot of complexities that may have to explain children later, but it changes quickly enough so that they never have time to get bored.
It really means that adults will not be bored either.
There are a lot of jokes between Anya and Dimitri who is very funny, and their relationship is developing quite naturally as the film progresses.
There is, of course, a lot of comedy for children, including the Batputin pet bat, Bartok (Hank Azaria), which is easily the funniest thing in the film.
However, comic scenes never distract drama, but are worked in the plot in an almost transparent way.
The animation is magnificent - the characters seem to come to life through the talented animators.
Not since Beauty & The Beast has animated characters who had their life so much.
Even without the voices, they act.
The musical number in Paris is a show show, with some of the backgrounds made in an impressionist painting style.
As with all recent animated features, there are songs, however, these songs are more than simply providing fodder to the 40 best singers to get on the radio (although there are three during the end credits).
The songs are all very catchy and advance the plot, instead of simply being parts (except for the Paris number, but it's so fun, it's okay ...).
I can't recommend Anastasia enough.
It is a wonderful film that ranks just up there with other animated classics.
Children and adults will appreciate it, and it is also pleasant to have a quality animated feature film from another studio in addition to Disney.