Earlier this year, the film Holy MAN opened up to a meager received at the box office and the indifference of the public and the criticism.
A real charger of a film, it is possible that the subject is too trendy or trendy to attract a real audience.
Now, at the end of 1998, Waking Ned Devine comes, a comedy that inspires the same vein of laughter easy to live.
There is no substantial difference between the other two than a more refined atmosphere - they all hit the same agreements - but still, Ned Devine is a film to see.
The intrigue is interesting and robust: the last winner of the lottery is Ned Devine (Jimmy Keogh), from Tullymore, Ireland.
NED's prize is more than six million pounds, but the shock of winning killed the poor old man, and the check remains not claimed.
Enter Jackie O'Shea (Ian Bannen) and Michael O'Sullivan (David Kelly), the only two residents, namely that the winner is in their village.
The two men end up finding the ticket and decide that if Michael can convince the authorities of the Loto that he is in fact Ned, the whole city can take advantage of it; their only opponent is an old ancient woman (Eileen Dromey) who sees moreprofit in the declaration of fraud.
Ian Bannen and David Kelly really shine as Jackie and Michael.
Jackie, stocky and large, is the brain behind the operation; Michael, lean and short, is the man of the method.
The two contrast are deliciously and remain sympathetic to the public at the same time.
Each spectator is sure to love them both.
There are also other minor sub -intrigues, such as an unlikely romance between a local girl and the pork producer.
It seems quite without consequence until the end, and even with a surprising revelation, it is a little useless.
Overall, the waking up Ned guesses has a predictable result, and the twists and turns of the plot are never really taken seriously.
The end, a very hilarious and very ironic turn of destiny, corresponds in a way to the sense of twisted humor that the film presents throughout.
The Kirk Jones script is indeed out of the time.
In a way, waking up Ned Devine is exactly like the class of people he presents: warm, friendly, outgoing and jovial.
This is the type of perfect comedy, a real gem of a tale that sets up a trivial overview by which introduce a nice distribution of characters and a chain of jokes.
There is nothing serious or anchored for more than a moment or two, because the spirit of Ned Devine is light.
Indeed, it is one of the best wellness films of the year - 91 minutes of joy without restraint that no one should miss.