"Very bad things", is the most deliciously morbid film of the year, a film that takes place so far with its scandal and its violence that I could not help but be conquered by the material.
The film begins with five friends leaving their houses in Los Angeles for a single party in Las Vegas.
The groom is Kyle Fisher (Jon Favreau), who is about to be married to Laura, obsessed with marriage (Cameron Diaz).
The other friends are the real estate agent Robert Boyd (Christian Slater), calm Charles (Leland Orser) and the brothers, Michael (Jeremy Piven) and father Adam (Daniel Stern).
After a wild night of play, alcohol and drugs, a stripper (Carla Scott) which was paid by Robert entered their hotel room, but after a bizarre accident, at the terror of everyone,She is killed.
As Robert says: "There are two options: go to the police and go to prison, or bury it in the desert where nobody will ever find it."
After a security agent has undertaken in the hotel room unstable and sees the body, Robert is also forced to kill him.
 "Okay, there is only one option now.
You can forget to call the police, "he said.
As the five friends return home and as marriage is getting closer, most of them are overwhelmed by guilt, which triggers an even more elaborate series of events, which understands a lot, much more murder,Double crosses and the inevitable inevitable marriage of hell.
 "Very Bad Things", which is the beginning of the feature of actor Peter Berg, is the shocking and nasty comedy who, "there is something about Mary," wanted to be.
He takes out all the stops to create something fresh, original and hilarious, even if it requires surprisingly graphic violence, gore and a multitude of really hateful characters who all get what they deserve at the end.
The scenario, also written by Berg, is, to put it slightly, very funny and courageous.
During the second act of the film, part of the pleasure began to decrease slightly due to so much death, which began to undermine humor, but he finally recovered with a culminating point which must be seen to be believed.
The dialogue is upset and inventive, and this film proves that a film does not necessarily require a sympathetic character to be extremely pleasant.
There is more pleasure, I think, showing ignorable people who get their desserts.
Cameron Diaz gives his best performance to this day here, and has a lot of fun playing hatred Laura, who finally turns out to be crazier than the five male friends.
Diaz puts so much exaggerated energy to her character that I really think that she deserves an nomination for the support actress to come next January.
As she beat someone to death with a coat hanger, and recites lines like: "Run it in the crash and put your ass on the floor," I couldn't help but crack whatPoint "" This film had become.
Jeanne Tripplehorn creates another original character, like Daniel Stern's wife, who, at the end of the photo, we discover, is a difficult box that should not be spoiled.
It was at this level that "very bad things" were so entertaining and surprising.
Just when you thought you could predict what was going to happen, there would be a small twist involving the characters who would be absolutely eccentric.
The last sequence was perfect and managed to go even further.
Although I enormously appreciated the film, allow me to clarify this: "Very bad things", it is not a film for everyone.
It is more tasteless than everything I have ever seen, it is more violent and bloody than a classified film is generally, and it is offensive.
Fortunately, these are elements that I would prefer in a comedy, because he clearly shows that the filmmakers were ready to make a comedy without restraint and politically incorrect.
The fact that this film slipped Through the cracks of the large generally created and "sure" created in recent times, always gives me hope for the Hollywood film industry.