Robert Altman's fortune is this rare film which does not depend on sentimentality to be edifying and to ensure that its viewers feel good.
It is a sunny, delicious and dreamy comedy, filled with great performances, a skilful direction and completed by a discreet, intelligent and extraordinary script.
As this is an overall piece, she is forced to start slowly because she presents her characters to us, all living in a southern city called Holly Springs.
We first meet Willie (Charles S. Dutton), an honest man with a slight habit of drinking.
We then see that Willie takes care of an elderly woman nicknamed Cookie, who slowly loses her grip on mental health and is filled with solitude, despair and lack of deceased husband.
We cut to Camille (Glenn Close) who obsessively directs a room with his sister Cora (Julianne Moore).
Then, we know each other briefly with Emma (Liv Tyler), an apparent parent of cookie, who is a pariah for adolescents, always full of love and hope even if she has no real place to live.
We also flee the lover of Emma Jason (Chris O'Donnell), an ambitious but far too excitable cop.
We are now about a quarter on the two -hour image, and Robert Altman decides that it is time to put the intrigue in motion.
We see the ecstatic cookie watch, hope, a photo of her husband.
She exclaims "I'm coming here!"
And then puts a pillow on her face and shoots on it.
Shortly after, her niece Camille stops to get a bowl of fruit salad, goes upstairs, finds dead cookies and turns around.
Convinced that suicide is a shame and that she will have none of this in her family, she eats the note of suicide and convinces her slightly slow (but sweet) sister that it was murder.
She ensures that she also stages like a murder; dispersing jewelry on the ground, brittle some cabinets, windows and doors, then throwing the pistol into the backyard.
The only reasonable suspect is Willie, who is immediately placed in police custody, and put a prison cell (they all know that he did not do it, so the cell remains open and he plays scrabble with sheriff andThe faithful Emma).
Meanwhile, the unstructed Camille continues its non -too subtle manipulation trying to dissipate more for murder while making its Easter a success.
Thus begins the fortune of Cookie, a film rightly described by the critic Scott Renshaw as "a South Spin on Fargo", except that it is much funnier and much more pleasant than the darker getaway, somewhatDisturbing and slightly surface of Coen Brothers.
The slight image of Robert Altman recalls in some respects something like midnight in the garden of good and evil also, in that the two films are concentrated (on and out) on the eccentricities of residents in a city in the south of the states-United.
Indeed, most of the characters in Cookie's fortune are very fun to observe, and part of them are fascinating and surprisingly multidimensional.
Glenn Close turns into an insignificant performance (in terms of career) but magnificent as Camille Connivele character of Alexandria, constantly obsessed with family dignity.
Willie's equally essential role is managed with intangible grace by the veteran Thespian Charles S.DUTTON (Mimic, a time to kill)
There is nothing like a film that allows you to feel hot and blurred inside hours, even days after the end of the film.
Cookie's fortune is such a film.
I loved the light and kind approach Altman (the last project of which was the dark and intense drama that the Gingerbred man) took towards the delicate subject.
I appreciated the talented overall casting.
I even liked the trivial cliché "in the south everyone is linked to everyone" which is inevitably used The film is coming to an end.
I do not know why Cookie's fortune had a pleasant effect so well on me.
It may be this good old southern charm.