Apparently, director Tony Kaye had a great battle with a new line concerning his new film, American History X. I do not know the details of the fight, but it seems that he is not satisfied with the final product, and almostDeleted its name from the credits.
I have heard of these kinds of things that happen before, and it makes me ask me to what extent a studio has on the films they produce.
As it stands, I found that the American History X was a very good film, not only because of the concentrated gaze of Tony Kaye on the delicate subject of racism, but because of a powerful and charismatic performance ofEdward Norton.
It is hard to believe that it only has been two years that Norton's fantastic role in Primal Fear, but here he is now, with his own film and make a star.
Norton is one of those artists who becomes his character, and his work in American History X is one of the best performances of this year.
He plays a young man named Derek Vinyard, a Skinhead living in Venice Beach with his brother, Danny (Edward Furlong), mother (Beverly d'Angelo) and Sister, Davin (Jennifer Link).
The film opens onto a flashback, in which Derek brutally kills two black men vandalizing his car.
We discover that it attracts him to prison, and the film from this point is seen through Danny's eyes.
At the moment of the film, Danny is in high school and wishing to follow in the footsteps of his brother.
A large part of the film is told in Flashback, and we see the path that leads to the adoption of Derek of white supremacy.
When Derek is released, having served three years in prison, he notes that his brother is now a skinhead in its own right; Derek, however, abandoned violence and tries to make his brother understand why racism and violence thataccompanied are bad things.
What makes it all interesting is that these two young men are not stupid and thoughtless people - they are intelligent and articulated, and express their beliefs in disturbing terms.
It is difficult to make a controversial film and not to preach, but Kaye found the right note for his equipment.
Because Berry History X is a consumer film, there must be a redemption phase for our main character - some people may think that it is the only way to make it sympathetic.
I am partly disagreeing with this, because, although I do not in any way recommend racism, it is interesting the way in which Kaye presents Derek - he is a noisy and odious man, but he is also very intelligent.
The reasons why he becomes a skinhead is credible - his father was arbitrarily killed by a group of black men.
It is clear that he is passionate about his beliefs and that he is not only a punk in search of an excuse to beat people.
Of course, it helps Kaye have an actor as talented as Norton to play this role.
It is amazing how scary Norton looks with a shaved head and a swastika on his chest.
In addition to obtaining the right look, it is perfect for this role - Derek needs intelligence, depth and a lot of cries, and Norton does all this with ease.
Even when he is at his most mean, Derek has a nice quality for him, and it is a courageous approach when he tells a story on a Skinhead.
What adds depth to history is a secondary intrigue in which the director of the Danny school (Avery Brooks) becomes obsessed with the purge of Danny's hatred.
The other performances are all great, with stars from Furlong, Angelo and Len.
Visually, the film is very powerful.
Kaye engages in many interesting artistic choices, and most of them work well - a lot of angles of idle and strange add to a bad mood atmosphere.
But, like many films lately, American History X has passed the grandeur of the last minutes.
Although the culminating scene is very moving, the image ends with a pretentious and preaching resolution featuring a brief narration of a character R who was killed.
For such an intelligent film until that time, it was like a slap in the face to be fed by hand a theme in such a simplistic way.
It makes me ask me what, exactly, Tony Kaye did not like about the final version of his film.
Maybe this last scene was the problem.
It is difficult to imagine that a director is not at least partially satisfied with a film this good - at a time when so many films are shy and weak, the American History X manages to make a convincing argument for racismwithout recommending it.