"Remember what MPAA says: horrible and deplorable violence is ok as long as you don't say nasty words."
With the vocal talents of Matt Stone, Trey Parker, Mary Kay Bergman.
to classify.
The filmmakers are jumping on real controversies faster than Austin does not light up on Felicity Shagwell.
The debate on the question of whether cinema is to blame so that adolescents are transformed into thugs have only started to warm up, and already someone has made a film on this subject, and it is not, Thank goodness, a tragic story of a family torn apart by the violence effect in the films was on a teenager.
Instead, we get a clear and biting satire that makes no prisoner and leaves no unharmed conservative point of view.
Based on a popular (and controversial) cable television show, South Park: Longer and not cut bigger can finally detach from the channels placed in the program by television restrictions and take a bad taste for new peaks.
The film talks about a group of children who sneak in a classified Canadian film and learn naughty words.
When they show their new knowledge to their mothers, they decide to "blame Canada", from the war against the neighboring country and to execute "Terrence and Phillip", the actors of the obscene film.
Children form an alliance that they call "the resistance" (with the accent on the third syllable of "Resistance") to save their favorite thespans, in a hilarious parody of (Tribute to?)
The Rarables.
In a secondary intrigue, one of the characters (Kenny, who else?)
Dies and goes to hell where he meets Satan.
Satan and Saddam Hussein are lovers, you see.
Satan is a benevolent soul, while our favorite oriental sovereign can only think of sex.
Apparently, if Terrence and Phillip are executed, it will be the end sign of the Apocalypse and Satan can emerge from the deepest entrails of the underground kingdom to govern the earth.
In addition to being a brilliant satire, South Park is also an All-Stop Musical Comedy, with unforgettable numbers like "Shot Your F * * * Ing Face Uncle F * * * Er" and "Cartman's Mom is a big female dog" .
Almost invariably, these are funny things: often juvenile but still funny.
The same can be said for the rest of the film: it is intelligent but delivered in a sophomotoric way (i. E.
Humor toilets, endless blasphemies, etc.).
Not that there is something wrong with that: vulgarity, when it is well done, is my bag, baby.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone, the twenty years behind the film and the spectacle, paint an eye of Bulls on the motion Picture Association of America and get to try to try him.
Carefully mocking the fact that the MPAA notation system will tolerate grotesque violence until the obscenities are pronounced, the authors throw unpleasant insults into a single line.
The Ratings-A-A-Asty association is not the only target of these jokes without guarantee: people who promote films to censor on the control of firearms are just as equitable, the "Blame Canada" intrigue being aShooting not so darling.
The "cardboard" animation of low technology is strangely effective, even more than the advanced technique of the "deep canvas" demonstrated in the recent Tarzan.
It's more pleasant to look at, less intimidating on the screen, and above all that does not harm the concept of the film as much as the admirably impressive work of Disney.
The popularity of the show has been directed recently, and perhaps this film is just the thing to stimulate its notes.
maybe not .
After seeing the show many times, I can say that it is not as smart or as funny as this film.
The series can be better continuing simply on the big screen every two years.
Parker and Stone have agreed to the point where I have to ask: should the show continue?
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;