The triumphant adaptation of Martin Scorsese de The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton is an amazing film for the Quintessentiel filmmaker in New York, the man who brought the streets of the taxi driver and the mean streets.
It seems to be a strange choice for Scorsese to make an time play in the early 1900s, but the fact that he withdrew it so brilliantly is a wonder, and a testimony of the greatness of Scorsese as a filmmaker.
It is a superb visual experience that it is surely one of the best in Scorsese.
Newland Archer (Day-Lewis) is a prestigious lawyer who is engaged to May Welland (Ryder), a somewhat empty and shallow New Yorker, who belongs to a prestigious family and is quite beautiful.
Marriage is the one who will unite two very prestigious families, in a society where nothing is more important than the opinions of others.
The day Archer must announce his commitment to May, Countess Ellen Olenska (Pfeiffer), cousin of May, enters Archer's life.
Archer is immediately captivated and finds himself in love with Ellen.
Archer is also linked by the limits of the New York Society, which is intrusive than any other in the world.
Archer finds himself having a secret love story in his mind with the Countess Olenska, trying to keep her in her mind while trying not to lose her social status.
The subject of the film may seem foreign to Scorsese, but the theme is certainly not.
This is a theme of prohibited romance, pleasures of guilt and the consequences in question because of these actions.
There is a carefully defective hero and his choice between the life he wants and the life for which he is intended.
In truth, it is a film on a company that the public does not know, but wants to know more, a bit like the company of GoodFellas or even Kundun.
The performance is absolutely breathtaking.
Day-Lewis portrays more mental anxiety in his face than a man should be forced to take.
Pfeiffer is wonderful as a countess Olenska, a mixture of passion and beauty for which the public would also die.
Ryder is probably the jewel of the group, because it is its silent presence that overwhelms the plot, and slowly pushes Day-Lewis more and more close to its possible end.
The support cast is also wonderful, with several characters so singular that they are indelible in his memory.
Scorsese certainly has a passion for cinema.
Its sumptuous and sumptuous sumptuous design and wonderful recreation from New York is a wonderful spectacle.
He literally transports the spectator to another world with incredible images.
Its script is also excellent, slow to accumulation, with a rapid conclusion and a fantastic end that must be seen.
It is difficult to make a piece of time striking: Scorsese, however, does it wonderfully.
The famous legendary director's cameras are also everywhere.
He is patient, but he films everything and everything that is important from a distance.
The cameras sweep, pan, track and do more than what they have ever done, but they are so subtle, we do not realize that he looks at all the characteristics of Scorsese up to a second visualization.
The central monitoring plan is probably longer and more complex than the famous shot of Goodfellas, but the spectator does not notice it, because we want to see more of this magnificent world.
There are a few skillful touches of cinema which are simply exceptional, and the narration of Joanne Woodward is exquisite.
Not a quick film like Goodfellas, it shares more in common with Kundun than anything else.
And like Kundun, it's a slow film that really shines, when it is given the opportunity to breathe and flower completely at the end.
A beautiful film of a director continues to challenge himself year after year.