Vannesa Kensington: `Austin, do you smoke after sex?" Austin Powers: "I don't know baby, I never looked! '
And thus begins our trip in the most awaited suite of the summer season.
Austin Powers 2, the suite of The Sleeper Hit of 1997, is filled to the brim with overflowing widespread gags and lurid toilet jokes that will make you a keel with hilarity.
Mike Myers’s mind is obviously a very weird place.
Myers returns that the Swinging spy of the 60s and its sworn enemy, the Bald manages. The bad, which receives a large part of the spotlight here.
There is a first scene in which Dr. the Mal and his son Scott (Seth Green) appear in a segment of Jerry Springer entitled "My father is evil and wants to take over the world", organized by Springer himself.
Most of these talk-show gags, Usurpent everything, from Oprah to Regis and Kathie Lee, are no longer as funny as they were in the past.
Fortunately, this is an exception, especially when a fight breaks out between Dr. the evil and the other guests.
 (Example of dialogue- `Return here, mother # @% $ ^!!
Do you want a piece of me? ')
The public was in stitches.
There are a lot of good things about this sequel.
Dr. The evil is now helped by Mini-me (Verne Troyer), a clone the size of a pint which is the result of an experience that has gone wrong.
Mini-Me is the new most perfect character that all fan could ask, and Troyer has a great job to imitate everything that his big brother does, Pinkie and everything.
Mindy Sterling returns as Frau Farbissina, the companion of Assassin with the noisy mouth of Evil, and here we are entitled to a brief romantic bond between the two in an underground chamber.
It works surprisingly well.
Thereafter, there is even a meeting with the coffee machine, where their clumsiness is expressed in a scene that you expect in any normal office environment.
Oh yes ...
the parcel .
After a short honeymoon with Vanessa Kensington (Elizabeth Hurley) who is disastrously mistaken, Powers is back in the case to thwart the diabolical plans of Dr.Mal.
In the original, the subject of the day was a cryogenic gel that allowed the characters to jump between two periods.
Here, it's a time trip.
Dr.The badly has this crazy plan to steal the Mojo of Austin (the source of his sexual powers), then he jumps through a time gate in 1969 when Powers is still his freezing room.
There, he employs a grotesque Scottish assassin of 600 pounds named Fat Bastard (also Myers) to requisition the Mojo, so that our future hero is completely without decrease.
Meanwhile, Austin is informed of the evil to do the Evil by Basil Exhibition (Michael York) and is supplied with its own time travel device in the form of a Beetle Volkswagen.
Once in 1969, Powers met a CIA Foxy agent named Felicity Shagwell (Heather Graham), and learns Dr. the badly planned to destroy Washington DC with a Lazer on the Moon.
In one of the numerous strokes of Star Wars, Evil calls the base of the moon a "death star".
If there was a film that knew from the start that it was a complete joke, it was Austin Powers: The Spy who broke me.
AP2 has many hilarious moments, much more than PowerS of Austin origin.
But what he does not have is the confident support system that the first has boasted, and the jokes are now more dispersed and successes.
While Myers has a talent to deliver intelligent and inspired gags, he sometimes does not know when to call him leaves.
The hilarious scene of the original involving Mustafa (Will Ferrell) and his refusal to die are played here in a disappointing and tired manner.
Robert Wagner, as Dr. L'Homme n ° 2 by Evil, has only one scene at the start of the film, where he misses the character of the character.
A nice surprise is Rob Lowe, as a young # 2, who motivates Wagner's voice and movements to a T-shirt.
There are more recycled jokes of the predecessor, notably Kristen Johnston like Ivana Humpalot (a unf Uny rendering of alotta fagina).
But Myers clearly put so much dedication to this project, and many bits are funny side.
Do not miss a visual gag extended in a tent, where the shadows leave a lot to the imagination ....
Among the new characters, Graham does not leave much impression.
Her performance is simply correct, and she does not have the enthusiasm Gung-Ho who made Elizabeth Hurley so pleasant in front of her.
And as for the fat stick ...
Well, it provides one or two hilarious moments, but all obesity jokes and bathroom discussions go too far.
But my most serious complaint: M. Bigglesworth was only in one scene !!
But, with tight teeth, I managed to overcome this.
This sequel will not leave disappointed fans; it is most often a riot of laughter.
And, I look in a optimistic way to the future, where I plan more payments to the Austin Powers collection.
If Myers can improve the quota of new ideas, we should be in reserve for much more.
 (c) 1999, Jamey Hughton ............................
Jamey Hughton (15) wrote a weekly column in the Starphoenix, Saskatoon, SK since November 1997.
He was a writing finalist in 1999 at the Canadian YTV Achievement Awards.