Bastard Happy's quick film review
Me Tarzan ... you
HAPPY Viewer.
For a minute there, I thought I was going to moan the release of Disney last, another adaptation of a legend from the past.
 (Remember pathetic pocahontas?
Yikes!)
But guess What-Disney, a company that has been on a role lately with animated films, strikes again with another wonderful story that appeals to the eyes as well as the inner child in you.
The story is quite basic - Tarzan is left orphan and a female gorilla which lost its young person adopts it in its group.
While ripening in a much older man, Tarzan always wonders why he is so different from the clan, then arrives a hunter, a teacher, and the charming girl of the professor, Jane - who meets Tarzan fairly quickly after havingtrouble with a fiery babboons.
From there, Tarzan faces difficult choices - should he stay with those with whom he grew up or join his genre in England?
The vocal work here is enough of high level.
Tony Goldwyn is very convincing as a monkey man; Minnie Driver adds a delicious touch to the already beautiful jane; Nigel Hawthorne makes a pretty nasty hunter voice; Rosie O 'Dononll continues to laugh as a best friend of TarzanTerk; and Wayne "Newman" Knight has her moments as a panicked elephant.
The film is superb everywhere, mixing an excellent script with incredible visuals computer assisted.
When Tarzan Tree-surfs (a touch that has been added above the same old vines swinging-and a large one, I could add), the camera twists and turns, allowing trees all around coming to life alive.
I couldn't believe my eyes - Disney has traveled a long way since her departure in a ballroom for beauty and the beast.
And the music is not bad either.
Fortunately, there are no ridiculous singing characters here, just a large set of songs by Phil Collins who perfectly correspond to the atmosphere.
There are also major action sequences here, including a wonderfully made prosecution between Tarzan, Jane and the aforementioned babboons.
But, of course, it's not all the action - there is also a message here that has to do with the family.
It is easily one of the best animated films in Disney of the decade and it is the one I look forward to put in my reception library ... that
Is, if my VCR is still working in 2000.