Airplane! is considered among many as the quintessence of the production of satire films.
After all, we are brought to us by one of the most famous writing / creation teams.
Even if most people do not recognize the names behind the films, they are required to recognize the titles: plane!, Top secret, the naked pistol and hot shots to name just a few.
But although the Zucker / Abrahams / Zucker team was presented for the first time with the film Fried of Kentucky in 1977, Airplane!
There remains the real cornerstone of their work and their beginnings as a director.
In the 1970s, the films in the event of a disaster seemed to be on a record level.
Films like the earthquake, the imposing inferno and the adventure of Poseidon were great successes.
There was also a series on disasters that can occur when they travel by plane - a series that lasted the whole decade.
And so, in 1980, we were introduced to a new plane disaster film.
This time, the disaster had nothing to do with a pirate of manic air or to crash into the ocean.
 .
 .
It had to do with bad fish.
Airplane! is the story of Ted Striker (Robert Hays) - a former fighter pilot who has never overcome the fact that a decision he had to take in the middle of the war resulted in the death of six, Er,Seven comrades.
Unable to stop living in the past, Ted's world has collapsed.
He spent his time moving from city to city without ever having a stable job, and finally, when we start this film, is thrown by his lover, the on -board agent Elaine Dickinson (Julie Hagerty).
In a desperate attempt not to lose it, Ted buys a ticket for the same flight as Elaine works.
Unfortunately, she is unforthical and critical even Ted to follow her, which lets her wallow in the apitation on oneself.
In the midst of all this, something is happening.
Someone falls sick.
Then another.
Then another.
Soon the whole plane is full of death people on the death of Chicago.
 .
 .
And when the pilots fall ill (played by Peter Graves, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Frank Ashmore), who will save the day?
 (gee, I wonder)
Of course, the main draw here is the non-stop "whhiz bang" comedy, with a large dose of visual and spoken gags.
Although I had seen this film several times before, I always laughed through everything.
The most fun character is by far the doctor, played by Leslie Nielsen.
It is a dry, subtle and sterotypically right doctor who ends up saying some of the funniest lines in the film.
In a film like this, you don't really expect an elaborate production, so you can't complain about amateur quality.
What you can complain about is the absolutely boring Johnny, played by Stephen Stucker.
This character is useless, nauseous and very funny.
I don't know why it was put there, and I don't think anyone finds a good excuse.
And when the film approaches an end, it slows down a little, almost aging.
You have to give it to a film that lasts only 88 minutes and can feel two hours.
Aside from that, plane!
is really a first -rate parody that will probably be forever known as a classic parody.
It would be a good choice to involve the video recorder with a group of friends, especially if they have not seen it.
And if they ask what the intrigue is, tell them "that it is a synopsis of the film's basic scenario, but it is not important for the moment."
If you saw the film, you will understand ;-)