The police negotiator is the person with fully enviable work to enter zero ground and try to tell a dangerous criminal to do everything he intends to do.
Lives are often at stake, and the criminal is generally armed and probably mentally unstable, inclined to light the negotiator at any time.
The negotiator must therefore be an actor, a psychologist and a simulated artist, in addition to being a police officer; he must be able to reflect on his feet and work towards the goal of putting an end to the confrontation without violence, either in default, he must be ready to facilitate the conclusion of the crisis by the firepower.
Above all, the negotiator must be able to enter into a situation with as little intelligence on the scenario as possible, and to quickly take control of the situation, to dominate the conversation and to influence the aggressor thinking thatThe end of the conflict is what it really happened.
You need a person intelligent enough to do it.
But what happens if the criminal of the trace is just as intelligent?
What if he is also able to think about his feet?
In fact, what happens if he also knows all the tips to transform the situation into his favor?
It is this circumstance that constitutes the basis of F. Gary Gray is the negotiator.
In this film, the police negotiator Danny Roman (Samuel L. Jackson) is overthrown by his partner in corruption in the Chicago police forces.
When his partner presents himself to death and internal affairs find incriminating evidence at the novel's home, Roman becomes the first suspect to divert the fund and the murder of the police.
Faced with contempt for most of the police service, and under a meticulous media exam, Roman is forced to put his badge back in one of these typical scenes from the captain's office.
I don't really remember if the captain really said: "I hate doing this, but ...",
Although it wouldn't surprise me if he did.
Fortunately, the film soon shakes conventionalism and focuses on the interesting premise mentioned above.
After being proposed by the prosecutor, Roman solves to prove his innocence by entering the office of the internal affairs inspector Niebaum (J. T.
Walsh), taking him and others hostage, and proclaiming that he was supervised.
Although the actions of Roman seem forced due to the compressed nature of his accumulation of motivation, Gray redeems by involving us with the negotiations between novel and his colleague negotiator of the police Chris Sabian (Kevin Spacey) which soon followed.
Jackson, while a superb actor, is badly hidden in the role of novel.
The actor has become so popular and so often identified as a protagonist (notable exceptions can be found, as in Jackie Brown), that we, as a public, have trouble believing that he will execute his threats.
The script also clearly puts it in place as the right guy who only tries to prove his innocence.
How can we believe that he will get a hostage, it doesn't matter if the hostage tried to kill him earlier?
Unfortunately, this preconception undermined in the film of some of its potential moments, and all that remains good in these scenes is largely attributed to the capacity of actress of Jackson.
Almost every time he is in a scene, Jackson flies it without looking back.
When Spacey appears, the film has already followed about a third of its course.
He is an interesting character.
Braded to be a kind of superman negotiation, our first look at him is desperately trying to move his family to go on vacation.
 "I can tell a man to explode the Sears tower, but I can't talk about my wife of the room or my daughter on the phone," he said.
However, when he obtains the call for action, he changes speeds quickly and becomes the man we expect from him.
Soon, his character must negotiate not only with Roman, but also with Commander Swat (Da Vid Morse) which is anxious to send a team to withdraw novel, while keeping the FBI agents who are waiting to resume the operation, if the negotiations fail.
This complex set of pressures is reflected well in Sabian the negotiator and space the actor.
As a second protagonist, Spacey measures well.
Gray really was lucky with this cast.
David Morse as commander Beck, Ron Rifkin as commander Frost, and John Spencer as police chief Al Travis are all more than competent and can hold the blows with Jackson and Spacey.
The only problem is the piece of typing that results from these choices: Morse played a similar role in the rock, Rifkin played the D. Un.
In L. Un .confidentiel, and Spencer played a police detective in Cop Land.
With the level of action, however, this can be forgiven.
Still in the support distribution, Paul Giamatti as Rudy, one of the hostages, is remarkable for the comic relief he provides.
His character is initially so viscous, and Giamatti himself looks so clever, that you expect to laugh before you even say anything.
Fortunately, this does not distract the gravity of the rest of the film, but rather provides beautiful breathables of the tension level that Gray manages to maintain throughout.
JT.WALSH, as a suspicious inspector of internal affairs, gets into play with one of his latest performances.
Unfortunately, the talented but underestimated actor died at the end of February of this year, and the soon published Pleasantville will mark his latest film.
Walsh appeared in dozens of films like Good Morning Vietnam, Backdraft and Nixon.
For one of his best performance, see Sling Blade, in which he plays a mental patient sharing a room with Billy Bob Thornton.
When Jack Nicholson accepted his best actor Oscar in March, Walsh was one of the men to whom he credited his success (the actors played together in some good men).
The negotiator is in fact dedicated to Walsh, and although Inspector Niebaum may not have been his best role, he certainly characterizes the type of character for which Walsh had become the most famous for playing.
In the end, the negotiator has a plot which is parallel to his reality.
We are served with the premise that two also skilful negotiators fight each other to resolve the conflict in the way that will best suit each of them.
As a public, we are also given a situation where two wonderfully talented actors are thrown into a film, and we would like to see if we will dominate the film.
The two offer very good entertainment.