Sometimes you just have to tip your hat to a film.
Sometimes you just have to jump on the train and enjoy the ride.
I saw the Truman show with an audience full of teenagers, most of whom were undoubtedly drawn by Ace Ventura himself and hoping to see his latest interpretation of jokes on the PET.
Surprised, they may have been when they realized that this image really had something to say.
But by the attention of the crowd, I would say that they have been conquered - just like me. I can't say if Truman is really good, or if it only seems so good compared to the terrible mountain of shitty shitHollywood bowl flood so far this year.
The time alone will make this call.
But at the end of the film, we were all on the side of Truman Burbank.
We were concerned about his well-being and we wanted him to win.
The fact that we felt as we did is a tribute both to the film and to Jim Carrey, who has finally reached legitimacy.
The Truman Show is a best seen film, with as few gifts as possible on the plot.
However, unless you are under a media failure, you probably know the basics.
Carrey embodies Truman Burbank, an insurance agent Capra-Esque Everyman living with his beautiful wife Meryl (Laura Linney) in the island city of Seahaven in the south of Florida, which resembles the idea of Michael Eisner of the perfect little townAmerican.
Truman seems to live the perfect lifestyle of the middle class, with a working woman, a better bud, friendly neighbors and interesting colleagues.
There is a tragedy in his past - his father drowned in a horrible navigation accident, leaving Truman with a terrible fear of water and travel in general - but overall, life is beautiful.
But then one day as Truman leaves his house to work, a Klieg light falls as if by heaven.
This curious event can lead Truman to discover what the rest of the world already knows: that he is a prisoner on the biggest sound scene in the world, that his wife, friends and loved ones are all paid actors to interact with him andThat his life has, for more than 10,000 days, has been broadcast as the most popular television show in the world.
What makes Truman's first hour so pleasant to look at is the magic likelihood meticulously built by Niccol and Weir.
The sound scene, we are told, is "only the second artificial structure visible to space".
Truman's movements are constantly followed by 5,000 scattered cameras throughout the city: button cams, dashboard cams, mirror cams, female cams, large cams and small cameras.
Weir cuts the film so that we are never sure if we look at Truman through the camera of the director Weir or through the camera of the omnipotent creator of the show Christof (Ed Harris) which supervises the show of an integrated control roomto man-graying the moon in the sky of Seahaven.
The second act offers a plethora of clues for Truman as to the truth of his existence.
His best friend Marlon (Noah Emmerich) always has a bunch of beer with him.
His wife seems to exist in an eternal advertisement in which she always approves the last product hot house.
He sees the same people walking in the same sets of sets in the whole city.
One wonders why he did not take any of this earlier, but Christof has an answer on this subject: "People tend to accept the reality with which they are presented."
Nevertheless, Truman begins to become agitated and dreams of escaping from Fiji, where an old college darling (Natasha Mcelhone) lives.
This convincing reality of television as a worker of reality is a magical and provocative concept; the best thing Jim Carrey does is to stay away.
By minimizing Truman, it allows the subtle manipulations of the film to take over.
There is a particularly poignant scene in which Truman entrusts his fears to Marlon, and Marlon answers with the best sincerity, "I would go with pleasure in front of a bus for you."
But this line was nourished in Marlon through a earpiece This by Christof.
The abject cruelty to which Truman is subject to the house - and from that moment, we are on the other hand.
Truman's show draws a large part of its success to play our own secret paranoid fantasies - we have not all, at least once, that we doubted our place in the world, doubted the sincerity ofthose who are closest to us?
In the end, however, the image rises above its own artifice to raise real questions about the relationship of humanity and our creator.
What does God really think of us?
Does he feel our abandonment of paradise?
Who looks at us exactly, up there in the sky?
If you appreciate the image as much as I do, credit Weir for having allowed the magic of the scenario to operate.
As for Carrey - Well, Truman Burbank is the kind of role that Jimmy Stewart was born to play.
Carrey is not Jimmy Stewart; on his credit, he does not try to be.
He simply tries to feel the way you or me, if we suddenly discovered that the whole world looked at us.