circumcision, mental injuries and family sitcom
The opening segment is a taste of this film.
There is the voice of a guy who tells us how he tries to imagine what his biological parents look like, and on the screen, we see images of a variety of Oldish men and women.
While his imagination plays on the world, he (and we) imagine these homogeneous characters in a mixture of improbable weddings, businesswomen with tramps, matrons with painting sellers, the images that take place in a frenzyMore and more rapid.
It is not only a full -minded and funny summary of the themes of the film - you might not yet guess it, but it defines the model for the way history continues.
What starts as a step in a fairly sensible direction is carried out in a road trip, put through one or two detour and finds himself rolling freely towards an immense accident.
This may not seem so different from the average family sitcom, and the general idea of the film does not seem, at first, so far from the standard Hollywood comedy: the man who was adopted as a child (Ben StillER) On a trip to meet his real parents, with his wife (Patricia Arquette), her baby, and a pretty psychology researcher (Tea Leoni).
Various mixtures, shenanigans, bizarre characters and, yup, the disasters follow.
But if you think you are here before, dialogue and management (by David O
The dreaded T-Name name seems an inevitable point of reference (with a scene of drug overdose and the casting of Arquette by True Romance), but the fact is that the master of feet massages did not have a monopolyOn the twists of intrigue and fast, funny, irreverent lines, or on the absurdities of ordinary discourse.
Whether it is circumcision, psychic injuries, oral sex, car, beauties in the armpits or Ronald Reagan, the script never seems to lack hilarious invention.
The best thing is to know how these words are not only there for punchlines, but are super precisely because they are said in character, like the neurotic psychobabbler of Tea Leoni who is able to say under aggression ",It is understandable if you find it threatening. "
The casting is excellent throughout and, rather than singing anyone, congratulations are due to an overall end, with the sometimes frantically riding dialogue and the feeling of a dozen different reagents colliding at thenoise.
There are some elements of a Woody Allen film in this area (not to mention the portable camera and the loose improvisation of certain scenes).
Like Allen, Russell's interests are included in the volatile sexual policy of couples and neurotic obsessions both in parents and children (and everyone).
However, if you expect at a privileged moment in revelation and emotional effusion at the "Murphy Brown" / "Frasier" / filling of American comedy, well, that will not happen.
The film implements expectations like these, with the search for the main character for his origins and hopes of self-healing, to overthrow them.
If the structure of a conventional sitcom must put a family slightly completed in catastrophic conditions only to rediscover their one-nos, flirt with the Charactes of the disaster which embark on a trip to search for this essential state but find yourself plunging only inMore strangeness and dysfunctional chaos they go.
And that, suggests the film, is the essential family state - and you would better learn to love it.
In one way or another, it is perverting of the cinema, until its end of maniac.