Trekkies, energetic and hilarious documentary by Roger Nygard, brings viewers to the world of Star Trek conventions.
The beauty of the film is that it is a good pleasure in the old way for trekkies and non-fans.
 (The film generally dismisses vs. Trekker Polemic as if not worth arguing.)
Hikers of good humor movies easily force even the most cynical spectator in attacks of uncontrollable and noisy laughter, but the image deals with his subject with respect and a certain fear.
Denise Crosby, who played Tasha Yar on "Star Trek: The Next Generation", is the host.
In the opening credits, the film reminds us that Trekkies is the only group of fans listed in the Oxford English Dictionary (OD).
 (Oed cites a legend of February 1976 in the "New Yorker" as the first recorded use of the word.)
Unless you were in conventions, I apply that you have no idea of the dedication of certain fans.
One stressed, apologizing, that the band of his new uniform was slightly inaccurate.
Others have spoken of the number of Star Trek conventions they had attended, several tens being typical and hundreds that are not known.
My favorite fan is Sir Speedy Photocopying Worker Barbara Adams.
No doubt the most famous of all trekks, she carries her uniform at each hour of watch as many unconditional fans do.
Her claim to glory is that, as a juror of the lively water trial, she also brought him to court.
 "Each day, I passed the journalists with a stoicism similar to a vulcan," she said, describing her way of facing the crowd of journalists who have become obsessed with her obsession.
She doesn't quite understand all the tumult.
 "I am an officer of the Federation 24 hours a day," she reminds us.
His loyalty to his hobby approaches that of a religious faith.
In addition to laughter that the show evokes, there is an equal measure of sincere appreciation for people with such loyalty.
And their infectious joy provokes a certain desire for their pleasure.
Few of other lawyers could give so much satisfaction.
These people have time for their lives.
 (For the record, I am not a fan of Star Trek although I saw certain films.)
The film interviews the various stars of the Star Trek series as well as its fans.
The stars had thought that the idea of the convention was an lark and would fade soon, but more than twenty years later, the conventions are always strong.
Filled with anecdotes, the show talks about events during the various conventions.
In one, the actor who plays Q was so sick that he thought he should cancel.
After appearing briefly, he drank water and left.
They decided to sell his half -empty glass auction, joking that he had the "Q virus".
The guy who won the call for tenders immediately drank in the water and shouted at the crowd that he now had the q virus too.
With dedication comes a certain stupidity.
Not just among people, the documentary takes the time to make you know trekks.
A guy is a trekkie crossing, another dress her cat, then there is the dentist.
The dentist has all his desk composed to look like a star trek set.
He, his oral hygienists, his receptionist, his wife and his children wear outfits all the time.
It seems that his workers are allowed to remove them when they return home, but not his family.
For the variety, he and his family change from time to time.
He says that his patients love him.
Well, there was this one complainant, but he still had a problem with his bill.
There are summer schools for Klingon with Ph.D. Linguists to teach the language.
Hamlet is now available in Klingon, although maybe not in your local bookstore, and they work on the Bible translation.
They even sell passports of the United Federation which are real enough for the trekkies to have used them to deceive customs, even U.S. Douane.
The Mo Life only briefly drops when he tries to discuss the broader meaning of the series on diversity and humanitarian concerns.
Sandwich between lightness, the switch of your does not work.
The constantly ending film ends with an imitator of singing Elvis.
It fits perfectly.
Trekkies run a windy 1: 26.
It is not evaluated but would be PG for brief sexual references and would be good for all ages.