Full Metal Jacket, just like all the other striking films on the Vietnam War, is a shocking emotional representation of war that affected almost everyone in America.
This film looks more like a peloton than any other in the way he tells the difficulties of a young man (private joker, played by Matthew Modine) during his tour in the Vietnam War.
However, Full Metal Jacket gives the public an overview of the combat life very rarely seen before: the training camp.
These sequences are considered the best part of this three -act film, even if I found that the subsequent parts were just as superb.
As in the peloton, Full Metal Jacket takes a quick start.
The opening sequence is the initiation of recruits, which is shaved.
From there, they meet for attention and receiving their orders from the extremely hard sergeant and punishing Hartman, played very well by the former drilling instructor R.Lee Ermey.
Apparently, the solution has been found to make the perfect man play a drilling instructor in the films, because Ermey extremely portrays his character and will make you thank that you have been subjected to so horrible situations.
The private joker sets off with the sergeant, just like the great soldier Leonard Lawrence (Vincent d'Onofrio), who is nicknamed "Gomer Pyle" by the SGT.
Hartman.
The film is continuously told by the private Joker, in which he explains his visions on what is happening.
The whole body, although hammered several times by the SGT.
Hartman, continues.
Soldier Pyle, however, seems to be the cloth doll for the drilling instructor.
It continuously absorbs the worst punishment and humiliation, and that does not stop.
that is to say until the SGT.
Hartman offers a new plan.
He will punish the rest of the future navies for the Goof-ups of Pyle, even after Joker has been affected to help him in the best possible way.
Pyle then receives the punishment of his recruited colleagues, and things take a tour for the worst.
Pyle proves that not everyone is emotionally, physically and mentally cut for the life of a sailor.
After obtaining the diploma, Joker is sent up to the action in order to document the war, which is its service.
He is not a member of the infantry, and it is not clear if he will never find himself in combat.
When it takes place on a documentation mission, this question becomes very clear from the start.
Joker joins a peloton, as well as his friend from the hometown Cowboy (Arliss Howard), and follows their daily actions, interviews and filming them along the way.
He also finds himself in a position in which he must fight or die.
Again, as in the tradition of Vietnam war films, Full Metal Jacket can be debated whether it is an anti-war film or not.
Some of the most powerful scenes towards the end will let you decide.
Full Metal Jacket succeeds extremely well in documenting the life of a young man in Vietnam, like the others in the past.
This film, in different ways, can also be considered more powerful than the others.
This, once again, is to be debated and depends on your opinion.
One thing is certain, however,; nobody never wants to live the absolute hell to which these soldiers are subject.
Unfortunately, many have done so.