Any film on the Underground music scene is a beast difficult to master.
Any sense found in the metro is generally lost by the imbalance of experience to make it "more accessible" to the general public.
Or the film is produced and directed by people who have a sufficient understanding of the subject they should work as a production assistant for VH1.
Human Traffic, a new film exploring the British Festival / Rave Duderground scene and people have immersed themselves in the world of clubbing, pubbing, drugs, sex and beautiful and beautiful music, is an example of theway it should really be done.
The film follows five British in the twenty of the twenties for a wild weekend of holidays, drugs, dance, sex, discussions on pop culture, relations and to trigger in front of a mirror while mom interrupts.
The casting cast is made up of Jip (John Simm), our narrator, who has a little problem with his Willy, known as Mr. Disquette.
KOOP (Shaun Parkes), our black DJ maestro, who is insecure problems, is afraid that her girlfriend Nina (Nicola Reynolds) fucks other men.
Nina herself cannot bear her MCJOB and aspires to weekend freedom.
Lulu (Lorraine Pilkington), Jip's best companion, is tired of his cheating boyfriends.
And Moff (Danny Dyer) does not seem to escape the black hole of his horrible life.
The film follows these five individuals during a weekend while each of them discovers love, friendship and self-filling, all in the history of the raging party.
Human traffic is proof that cinema can still tell us deep stories while being visually alive, because the subtle use of the camera by director Justin Kerrigan allows the public to be part of the action.
The use of direct communication with the public by the collection of characters works well, making the spectator the subconscious for the characters.
The dialogue is clear and moves with a uniform rhythm, and the game is confident.
However, the two women in mind tend to promote their relationships and their dialogue with a little unnecessary emergency that manifests itself through the rush time.
Human traffic does not try to explain the rave scene.
Instead, it gives the public the opportunity to listen to people inside, allowing you to choose your own convictions about this powerful musical movement that brings together foreigners, friends and lovers for a night of musicand peace.