"Well, it's not a mission: difficult, Mr. Hunt, it's mission: impossible.
Difficult should be a walk in the park for you. "
--- Agent Swanbeck (Sir Anthony Hopkins), the new Phelps agent in the series, passes Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise).
A Russian scientist (Serbedzija Rade) has created a new virus (and its antidote) called Chimera which destroys its host in the twenty hours after the injection.
A rogue agent of the IMF, Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott), wants to use the disease and heal to sing a pharmaceutical business to sell him enough stock to make him the owner of the company (he knows that this will soon be worth his weightin gold thanks to the trigger of the virus it will cause).
Having pretended to be Ethan Hunt, Ambrose wins the scientist's confidence long enough to obtain only healing, without realizing that the scientist had injected himself with the virus to prevent exactly what Ambrose was trying to do.
Ethan's real hunting has been called since his holidays to persuade the beautiful Nyah Nordoff-Hall thief (Newton Thandie) to help the IMF team recover stolen products.
Ethan and Nyah quickly fall in love, but Ethan soon finds himself in a real dilemma when he learns that his new love was only hired because she was a former ambrose lover.
Reluctantly, he installs Nyah to be saved from prison by Ambrose so that she can infiltrate his compound and send information to the team.
Ethan must run against time to prevent Ambrose from obtaining and spreading the virus and preventing any damage from coming to Nyah.
Although the first mission: the impossible film was a moderate success at the box office, the public turned it because they felt that the intrigue was too confusing and that there was not much action(Although he was a fan of the series both old and new, I thought that the film is decent and above all courageous to make Phelps a villain).
This problem was rectified in the suite by making the plot more accessible (graciousness of one of the writers of the previous entrance, Robert Towne) and by transforming the film into a gigantic action piece on hand of the filmof action GURU John WOO.
The end result is one of the most entertaining (but simple) action films made for a long time.
Unfortunately, about the first forty minutes are relatively slow, mainly living in Ethan and Nyah, the flower romance quickly and seeming more in a James Bond film than with the Mission television series: impossible less glamorous.
Ethan's conflict is convincing, but it seems very precipitated (and presents itself because of an almost deadly car wreck that Ethan itself provokes!).
John Woo manages all this with an artistic flair that seems out of words, with a lot of slow funds and framed close -ups.
The surrealist nature of these sequences is distracting and, ultimately, a detriment of the film.
Fortunately, however, to the point that Ambrose discovers Nyah's deception, Mission: Impossible It becomes very entertaining and full of action.
Robert Towne's script takes some of the conventions established in the first film and parodies during a sequence where Ethan must transform into a high -rise building and recover the remaining specimens of the virus.
After that, the action scenes are starting to rely in intensity, as is the case with many previous films from Woo to Haute Octane.
The last half hour is an entirely out of action (many of which is ruined by the trailer, unfortunately).
Regarding summer entertainment, mission: Impossible II is an usable rate.
Anyone looking for hardcore action will not be disappointed (except during the first half of the film, perhaps).
Even if you were not a fan of the first film, this entry deserves some checks.
[PG-13]