Ladies and Gentlemen, the 1997 independence day is there!
This is the title: Starship Troopers.
And surprisingly, it's more entertaining than ID4.
I realize that I gave the science fiction of last year a 4-star note, but I was in love with the powerful first hour.
After the following views, I think that the day of independence was really not as tall as it seemed - although I always give it a positive examination.
Troopers Starship, on the other hand, have a mocking sense of humor, knowing perfectly how ridiculous it can seem.
As a result, Starship Troopers is a more exciting, energetic and animated science fiction film.
In fact, I could probably never get tired of watching this film.
Starship Troopers is very reminiscent of Star Wars, another Kick-Ass space opera which completely reinvented the science fiction drama.
Although Starship Troopers is not Star Wars, it is close enough, and the simplest evaluation would be to call this film: "The" Star Wars "of the 90s".
Am I generous with this film?
Perhaps, but when a science fiction film arrives, which can mix humor and romance, effectively, in war races.
Essentially, it is the science fiction equivalence of fiction with paste.
The easiest way to write a criticism of this film would be to compare it to other science fiction films, and I will have to do it.
Starship Troopers is not quite an original Persiay film, but director Paul Verhoeven gives the film a style "Kick-the-Alieens'-Asses".
ID4 had this same style, except that it was forced, probably the cause of Will Smith having a major role.
This new "Star Wars" has a very simple basic plot: Mankind vs. An extraterrestrial species.
The extraterrestrial species in question here is insects, an apparently advanced civilization of arachnid insects.
However, the underlying morality of the soldiers of Starship is expanded with fatal precision.
Sometimes morality is buried by bloody violence and intense action scenes, but for calm moments, we realize that Starship Troopers has something to say about our civilization.
More than probably, these morals will be mastered and quickly forgotten when the film ends.
And they should be.
I doubt that Verhoeven wanted this film to be a stimulating film.
It is an "event" film, but surprisingly above average.
It is extremely refreshing to watch a science fiction war film, and in fact root for the human side (something independence has never been achieved).
The Starship Troopers begin with a satirical representation of these strange advertisements "Join The Army".
By mixing a web interface, these events of events are refreshing and original.
Distant: "Would you like to know more?",
These short news ballots give the film a sense of immediate humor, and we know that we should not take it seriously.
However, we also witness the murder of several soldiers in combat, in a bloody, but funny way.
After witnessing the massacre, the film jumps for a year, to configure what we have just seen.
We are presented to Johnny Rico (Casper Van Dien) and Carmen Ibanez (Denise Richards).
Rico flirts with Carmen by sending his messages to computer terminals in classrooms.
However, Carmen is not as interested in Rico as it is to become a pilot.
However, another classmate, Dizzy Flores (Dina Meyer), has an eye on Rico.
Unfortunately, Rico is not interested in dizzy.
This configuration is rather shot, as is the result of the configuration, but it is always fun to watch.
Carmen is registered to become a soldier of Starship and, therefore, Rico is registered.
And accordingly, Dizzy is registered.
Everyone is assigned a certain position to the academy: Carmen obtains the pilot post she wanted, Carl Jenkins (Neil Patrick Harris), a psychic, obtains a position in the training program, and Rico is left in theThe lowest class of the Starship Troopers: the mobile infantry.
The main story follows Rico through his trials and his relationships.
In reality, I do D myself looking at a spatial version of "Melrose Place", but with better special effects.
An hour after the start of the film, war begins.
A feeling of tension grew up in the audience with which I watched this film.
The first hour may have been a funny configuration (sometimes involuntarily), but we grew up to take care of the flat characters, because no matter how much I tried not to like the characters, their magnificent looks have meconquered (call me superficial, if you agree).
After the training sessions, which had many dramas in itself (too many people to mention here), the soldiers are sent to the war.
Insects live on the planet Klendathu, a planet that consists of dirt and rock, and almost nothing else.
Many dramas occur during the war, until finally the soldiers realize that it is something behind insect attacks.
A kind of intelligence that generates defense.
Soldiers are allowed to locate the "brain" and capture it.
I hope I left the plot as vague as possible, because Starship Troopers does not concern the plot.
These are special effects and bloody violence.
The director Verhoeven, best known for his film Nodie Showgirls and his basic instinct, returns to his science fiction days, which gave us good films as a total recall.
Verhoeven likes to push the limits of the MPAA, but despite all the violence, the feeling of comics gives the film a feeling of lie.
Starship Troopers is extremely violent, with more gore than the horizon of this year's event.
Cote R is well deserved and hopefully, parents will not allow their 12-year-old children to see it.
I suppose that the target audience of Verhoeven is the male group from 18 to 25.
The film has a level of testosterone outside the graphics, with chiseled men and beautiful women.
Despite these superficial elements, Starship Troopers also creates a world that has made it possible to succeed Star Wars.
Watching the film, we never guess the character's decisions because they seem perfectly clear.
Fortunately, no hero strikes extraterrestrials in the face, which gives flat characters a depth for which we can identify ourselves.
The casting of Starship Troopers is quite boring at the start, but they soon grow up on you.
Casper van Dien has chiseled facial features and tanned skin that will make most of the girls passed out.
For most guys, it will appear as artificial.
Fortunately, Van Dien is the worst of actors, despite the difficulty he tries to present himself as a real character.
Dina Meyer does a much better work to eliminate her character.
His dizziness is extremely sympathetic.
Denise Richards is also doing a good job, and her scenes are very well done.
Jake Busey, Gary Busey's son, gives a wonderfully funny performance and offers one of the biggest laughs in the film.
Neil Patrick Harris (Remember, he was Doogie Howser) is a bit of wood and slightly moved with the rest of the distribution.
However, it gives a good performance.
Michael Ironside gives the best performance of the film as a teacher with a single arm.
Its performance rises above the rest.
It may be because his character is the most developed, but I think it's just the presence of ironside on the screen.
Unfortunately, no particular actor gives a star performance, which is too bad because the equipment here could have made many stars of the actors.
The Verhoeven director is the main star of the film.
His direction is fast and relentless.
He never slows down his rhythm, which makes a wild ride.
The writer Edward Neumeier adapted the script for Robert Heinlein's book.
The writing is generally very funny and sometimes very cheesy.
The dialogue is intelligent but not too intelligent.
We are not required to know everything, but some plot holes have remained unanswered.
Fortunately, we are not intended to notice it, and we really do not do it (except the one who persisted in my mind for a good time).
Surprisingly, with all the ongoing wars and romance, the scenario manages to Include surprising government problems.
In fact, these government changes seem quite plausible, which adds another layer to history.
The characters' moral debate is quite surprising to find in a film of this kind, but what is even more surprising is the amount of humor included throughout the carnage.
I haven't laughed high, even in some comedies.
Oh, and the special effects are first -rate.
Starship Troopers is classified R for violence and gore of graphic science fiction, and for a language and a nudity.
Believe me when I say this: do not take young children to see this film.
It's extremely violent.
In fact, it's probably the most violent film this year.
However, if you are old enough (over 17 years old) to see it, Starship Troopers is guaranteed to entertain.
It's been a long time since I applauded for the heroes, while applauding the bad guys.
And yet, it is my dream of seeing a science fiction film in which the extraterrestrial race destroys humanity and taking control of the world.
Now it would be entertaining!