Most people settle in two different categories: either you like Woody Allen, or you hate his guts.
For the most part, my family hates it as well as his films.
I think he is very funny, but his shtick has been forced and artificial over the years.
So maybe making his body was the best decision that a producer could have thought.
Without restraint by physical borders, Allen's humor shines.
Those who have had problems with his physical appearance will be able to join the rest of us laughing at the intelligent observations of Allen in life.
Those who have had problems with his verbal comedy may want to skip it.
In 1995, a film was presented to the public who sparked their imagination and showed them something that they had never seen before.
Toy Story used advanced computer computer technology and presented a world of toys that would come to life when no human was present.
Many criticisms call this a better film, but I think they say that because it was a completely original film.
Antz, however, considerably increased the bet.
The life of a Disney bug is not due for an additional two months, and DreamWorks seems to have received the best end of the agreement.
By beating Disney, they satisfied the thirst of the public for computer -driven movies.
But don't let yourself be mistaken: Disney is certainly not afraid.
Over the past two years, competitions have broken out between studios.
In 1997, it was the duel of the volcano.
In my opinion, Dante's peak came out in advance on its predecessor, both in time and in quality.
Volcano had an original premise, but destroyed this with very ridiculous situations.
In 1998, there are twice as many competing films.
The first was the Competition of Compets, and Armageddon breathed his dramatic competitor of Deep Impact.
But now, it's even more interesting, because a beloved studio (Disney) faces the newcomer (DreamWorks).
Who will prevail?
Time will tell us, but I am sure that Mr. Souris has nothing to fear.
It may seem that I didn't like Antz; on the contrary, I would put it up there with Toy Story.
But due to its PG rating, many parents can be rejected by a part of the dialogue which should not appear in the Disney version.
Part of Antz's dialogue pushes the limits of a family focused on the family.
Sexual innuendos and blasphemies appear occasionally, which makes DreamWorks' animated feature film for an adult crowd.
Humor is also written specially for adults, although many children laughed in the theater in which I attended.
This is the type of film that should be made more often for families: entertaining for children and entertaining for parents.
Antz begins with a hilarious monologue which seems to be a merger between Shtick by Woody Allen and the metamorphosis of Franz Kafka, the news of a man who wakes up to discover himself like a bug.
Z (Allen) is a troubled ant, believing that he was not made to be a worker.
 "When you are the average child in a family of five million ..." He comments on his neglected childhood.
One night, Z is seated in a bar with his friend Weaver (Sylvester Stallone), discussing his pathetic place in life.
In Walks, Princess Bala (Sharon Stone), whom no one recognizes without a crown.
Bala asks Z is that he would like to dance, and they get involved in a fictional dance while everyone follows the leader.
After discovering that she is the princess, Z falls in love, but there is a problem: Bala marries the general mandible (Gene Hackman), a ruthless leader who simply wants to control a better and stronger colony.
To do this, he must eliminate not only the queen (Anne Bancroft), but the weakest of the colony, namely workers' ants.
But to get rid of the queen, he must get rid of the ants of the loyal army which would be ready to die for her.
He and Colonel Cutter (Christopher Walkin) offer a plan to send the loyals Ants to fight, where they will surely be killed.
The queen is reluctant at first, but decides that it is preferable for the colony.
Meanwhile, Z wants to meet Bala again, and he asks Weaver, an army ant, to change his place with him.
Thus, Z is sent to the fight, but he manages to survive the massacre by the termites.
The battle sequence is absolutely beautiful, although you may have flashbacks at Starship Troopers, which contained a very similar sequence.
However, Antz and this 1997 film were both in production at the same time, so similarities are only coincidence.
The second half of the film revolves around the abduction of Bala by Z, and their search for a legendary place called insectopia.
There, an ant can be his own boss and have all the food he wants.
The Z and Bala adventures are in surprisingly high tension, in particular that involving a magnifying glass.
The targets like the spacecrafts of the day of independence (in fact, I will just assume that the producers have been referring to ID4 intentionally).
The ants looking up with admiration, then a bundle of fire explodes in the ground.
Visually, it is an exciting rush of adrenaline.
But don't be fooled ...
Little children should not see this because they can just try to copy it.
After seeing Antz, I swore that I never intentionally reassembled an ant.
Hopefully children will learn that killing ants is rather cruel.
As an animated film, Antz is probably the best you find to date.
Visually, it is as surprising as what dreams can come.
The best aspect of animation is the fact that the characters are not limited by gravity.
They can take ridiculous situations and make them plausible.
A great moment implies a mass of workers' ants that come together to form a demolition ball.
The animation is so perfect that you can practically see each ant on the ball.
However, the most exhilarating scene implies that Bala be stuck at the bottom of a young boy's shoe.
It is really an excellent example of making films at its best.
With computer technology, the animators have carefully rendered the faces of ants similar to the actors who provide voices.
The best example should be Barbatus (Danny Glover).
At one point, you can even see the pores on his face (although I doubt that ants have pores ...
do they ?).
Barbatus also has a touching scene but quite horrible because he has his last words with Z without body.
Young children can be disturbed by the site of a dismembered head, but a large part of humor is derived (more suitable for adults, of course).
Disney is a bug life looks good, but I don't know if they will be able to better the most recent animated DreamWorks functionality in terms of animation.
Otherwise, DreamWorks will have done something that no other studio could do: go head to head with the big mouse and overthrow it (yes, Anastasia was good, but not as good as Disney's worst).
Vocal talent is always essential to animated feature, and Antz has one of the best programs seen from Toy Story.
In fact, it far exceeds that one.
Woody Allen has always been funny, but here he transcends most of what he has done in recent years.
Without body, his comic timing is the most visible thing.
In fact, I'm pretty sure that the writers have let him improvise many of his lines.
Sharon Stone as a Bala shows part of its comic capacity, but for the most part, Stone works better as a dramatic actress.
Sylvester Stallone (associated with Stone once again) begins to consolidate his declaration that he wants to be an actor, not a Typecast action star.
After a snobbone at the Oscars last year, Stallone reveals himself as the serious actor (or comic, as illustrated here) that he is.
Gene Hackman is superb as a general of gruff discussion, making almost another version of her character of Cramatian tide.
Christopher Walkin is probably more noticed by his voice, and so many people with I remember him with success that Batman returns.
Anne Bancroft has a minimal role, but it is nevertheless effective.
Danny Glover has a small role, but he does a very, very good job.
Dan Aykroyd and Jane Curtin also give their voice as two love bees, Euro -Trash - are very unrecognizable, especially Aykroyd.
Jennifer Lopez plays a worker ant that falls in love with Weaver, although most people do not recognize her voice either.
Many people will recognize Grant Shaud's voice as the foreman.
He played Miles in the TV show Murphy Brown.
It is definitely a huge casting with high level names, and it will certainly help its big ones.
Of course, you can probably say where a large part of the $ 60 million budget took place.
The directors Eric Darnell and Lawrence Guterman are new relative arrivals (although Guterman has led a 1994 functionality, headless!).
But both show incredible talent for this type of image.
Sometimes, and very funny, the two keep this film as professionals.
Todd Alcott's script and Chris Weitz is quite simple in the plot, but it contains a lot of subtlety that makes the film more suited to adults.
Children will rejoice in animation, while parents can laugh with humor.
Most of them will review the head of young children.
Does that mean that you shouldn't take children to see it?
no way .
They will have a lot of fun watching this one.
What is great are the themes given to us.
Part of the social comments, the history of romance in part and the moral drama, Antz gives everyone something of which it was the animation or the discussions of individualism and the community.
Fortunately, it is not subtle in both aspects.
Antz is evaluated PG for gentle language and intense action.
Sometimes the language can push the limits of a family film, but violence is what should keep children at home.
The battle scene has ants that found in acid and insects are launched to death.
And the enlargement scene shows that an ant disintegrated in the sunlight beam.
But apart from that (and some sexual insinuations), it is a perfect choice for healthy pleasure in theaters.
I doubt that many children will understand sexual innuendos unless they are old enough, but it is always advisable to leave very young children at home.
I confused you enough?
If you take your children, I recommend that you see the film with them, because more than probably, you will appreciate it the most.