"Say, one of you knows how Madison?"
--- Brad "Asshole" Majors (Barry Bostwick) shows how much he is after watching the Kooky transylvanians conclude their ode to The Time Warp in the classic cult the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
The story behind The Rocky Horror Picture Show is that of legend.
In the early 1970s, the stage actor became the first playwright Richard O'Brien decided that he wanted to pay a musical tribute to the crazy B-Movies with whom he had grown with his child, in a lot of songsHigh -catching rocks.
The result was the play The Rocky Horror Show, which opened up to fairly decent criticism in London in 1973 and was even praised the best musical in 1973 by theater criticism in England.
The play was so successful that cinematographic rights were immediately taken and the production of the film began a year later, in October 1974.
The cinematographic version (now entitled The Rocky Horror Picture Show) was released in 1975 ...
and immediately targeted at the box office.
Whether it was because Fox was not sure how to market it to the public or that the public did not know what to do with themselves was never really determined, but the only little knowledge of the film was that it is thatHuge Flop established.
It seemed that the infectious spirit caused by the version of the scene had not been infused in the cinematographic version and Fox quickly pulled it from theaters.
A year later, something completely strange and magical happened.
The film's imprints began to be distributed in theaters in small quantities and circulated at midnight across the country, and it was then that a brand new audience found the film.
This new audience was inclined to dress like the characters in the film, to act segments in front of the screen while the film was playing, shouting rough comments on the screen, and it is generally enough to have a good time.
The word quickly spread about this new phenomenon of an interactive film and the life of the Rocky Horror Picture Show while the ultimate cult film was born.
For the virgins who do not know, the intrigue focuses on a loving couple, Brad Majors (Barry Bostwick) and Janet Weiss (Susan Sarandon), who come from a small town called the Denton.
Brad and Janet have just attended the wedding of two of their friends and decide that they also want to get married.
They predict a trip to see the man who led to their meeting, Dr.Everett Scott (Jonathan Adams, who played the narrator in the original version of the scene), but their car obtains a dish on the way of hisHouse.
By remembering a castle they had seen a few kilometers on the road, they decide to walk there and see if the residents have a phone they could use to call for help.
The castle is actually the house of a breed of foreigners from the transsexual planet (in the Galaxy of Transylvania), directed by the low of eccentric fish bearing Mad Scientist Dr.Frank-N-Furter (Tim Curry).
Frank-N-Furter organized the secret of the creation of life and did so in the form of Rocky (Peter Hinwood).
While Rocky gets used to his new environment, Brad and Janet find themselves at the mercy of Frank-N-Furter's crazy plans.
Few of them know only the doctor's handler, the Riff-Raff (author of origin Richard O'Brien) and the management, Magenta (Patricia Quinn), are in fact transsexual planetary protectors who have been sent to preventFrank to spread his extraterrestrial evil all the land.
By returning and revisiting this film after ten years (1990 being the first time I saw it), it is incredible for me that this film was made or had the power it has.
If I had been a Fox executive at the time of its release, I don't think I would have known what to do with it either.
For all useful purposes, it is a bad film (although bad of a very good kind), but a sumptuous production design and many things The catchy songs really help to increase the sympathy of the film.
As the role of credits, it is quite easy to have been enveloped in the film and its characters, and it really has the impression that Richard O'Brien was definitely a fan of old B films with cheese on his film basedon.
When I say that the songs of the wall on a wall are catchy what I really want to say is that, once you hear them, they will be anchored in your head for all eternity.
It goes without saying that the "Time Warp" is the most popular song in the film.
Even people who have never seen the film know this particular song.
What those who have not seen the film do not know, however, is that there are even more songs in the film which are just as worthy of recognition.
My personal favorite is "on Frankenstein Place", but "Dammit Janet" is also exasperating.
Tim Curry's voice on the "Sweet Transvite" rocking melody must be heard to be believed.
The film's final, a major floor show organized by Frank-N-Furter and with most actors in the garters and fishing nets (including Barry Bostwick ...
Scary!), offers no less than four songs ("Rose is my World", "Don't Dream It", "Wild and Untame Thing", and "I'm garning home"), which are all extremely singable.
The real popularity and longevity of the film, however, reside in its participation in the public.
Despite the hood of songs, this film would have been forgotten for a long time if it had not been for the multitude of people who dress every Friday or Saturday evening to rush and be part of their own Little Floor show.
Watching this movie at home is nothing compared to experience in a theater with hundreds of rabid fans (unless you don't mind inviting friends and letting them fire rifles in yourhouse or let them throw rice and pieces of grilled bread place).
Note: director Jim Sharman brought back to the central characters of the film, in the form of a suite, resulting in the treatment of the shock of the very forgotten film, which takes up with Brad and Janet (this time played by Cliff by Young and Jessica Harper!) As competitors during a game of games in their hometown of Denton.
The two are threatened by the director of the Maleficent television station (also played by De Young), who wishes to claim Janet as his.
O'Brien returned as a writer / interpreter on the project (just like Quinn, Campbell and Gray in performance capacity only), but the film had far from the spirit of the original.
25 years later, this film is still the ultimate in cult film and is continuously screened at midnight from around the world.
As a lasting testimony of the longevity of the film and its legion of fans, a brand new DVD set with 2 special discs has been published which is the most complete collection of Horror Roclibéré for its 20th anniversary).
If you are one of those people who cannot have enough of the film, this disc should be more than enough to satisfy your appetites.
In an attempt to recreate the interactivity of the film, Fox Home Entertainment published this wonderful set of DVD with 2 discs loaded with so many extras that he will take good hours just to take the majority of all.
The film itself is located on the first disc and received a beautiful transfer which shows it in its original aspect report of 1.85: 1 (improved for 16x9 televisions).
The film is presented in two different versions, the American theatrical version and the British version which adds a musical number during the final called "Superheroes".
For ambitious viewers, the disc also includes a hidden version (located in the main menu by clicking on the left from the choice of the scene selection menu and highlighting a pair of lips in the lower left corner) which presentsthe film of the way he was originally supposed to see not.
Originally, the film was to be similar to the sorcerer of Oz, with the first half of the IT seen in black and white (and not changing in color until the Transylvanians were revealed for the first time atBrad and Janet during the Time Warp musical number).
Most reports, including a documentary on the disc, say that the color was supposed to appear when Frank-N-Furter appears for the first time in the elevator, but it seems to work better where it was placed on this version, representing the big difference between the world, Brad and Janet were used to compare the one to which they are introduced.
The film contains a commentary track of the creative program (and the faithful house) Richard O'Brien and the Co-Star Patricia Quinn, which is quite pleasant (and Quinn immediately begins by refusing to speak of Sarandon almost passing thePneumonia while walking wet and half naked on freezing cold sets, which she apparently complained about the entire film and in future interviews).
The two look like old friends and have great stories to tell, but they also highlight the actors who are unfortunately no longer with us (and there are quite a few).
Fox has also tried to recreate the feeling of attending the film in a theater with several public participation segments.
The first characteristic (and the simplest) is a subtitle subtitle that allows you to know when to open on people with your water cannons or when the right time to launch your toast is.
The second feature is a public participation track, which allows you to go to what you could hear during a good evening at the show.
Most comments are unintelligible because it is essentially only a large group of people who cry out, but from time to time, a comment can be heard that will invoke a little laughter.
The final participation segment uses very technology as the technology used on the Matrix DVD, where a pair of lips will appear on the screen during certain film scenes (mainly during the musical numbers) which can be selected by pressing between Vomecomanda.
Once selected, you will be withdrawn from the film and in a live participation version of the scene put during one of the many projections that occur all over the world.
Once the segment is finished, you are deposited in the film where you stopped.
The first disk also contains some DVD-ROM goodies for those who have this particular type of DVD player.
There is a chronology of the evolution of the scene version with the world's feeling of worship, a video juke box, a Jack style trivia game (which is about as much), and aBizard Mad-Libs Mad-Libs style game known as Riff-Raff's history laboratory.
Links to Rocky Horror websites are also available from the DVD-ROM part of the disk.
The second disc presents even more goodies for the person who loves extras.
The old Lite-Rock video channel that has become the Historians of VH-1 music allowed some of their exit images of the special "Behind the Music: Rocky Horror" which they ran earlier in the year forBeing broadcast here, as well as a pop-Upppur video the meat mine "Hot Patootie".
The "Behind the Music" segments are all very interesting, in particular the Jaunt de Richard O'Brien through the castle (which is now a hotel!) Where the film was originally shot.
There are also extensions of the Sarandon, Bostwick, Quinn, O'Brien and Meat Loaf interviews.
Regarding the extras for the film itself, there are two deleted musical numbers which are also included here.
One of them is only the "superhero" number available in the British version, but there is also another rare musical number presented here called "from time to time".
A series of alternative sockets is also presented here, but none of them is really a revelation (with the exception of the undressing scene in which we see that Patricia Quinn is struggling to unbutton Barry Bostwick pants).
For the efficiency which must have each small rocky horror accessory, a poorly printed final sequence and an alternative credit sequence are also presented here.
Rounding the disc is a decent documentary entitled Rocky Horror Double Feature Video Show, Two Theatrical Trailers (proclaiming that the film is "a kind of different jaw"), a motionless gallery and two songs (for "Toucha Touchatouche" and "SweetTransvititis ").
Fox's special edition is the DVD ensemble that Rocky Horror fans were waiting for all their lives ("You are lucky ....
I'm lucky ...
he's lucky ...
We are all lucky! ").
It is not only surprising enough that tons of classical Italian films finally obtain their gratitude in the U.S., but even longtime traditions are finally receiving their due on the wonderful DVD format.
As with their excellent abyss DVDs, Fight Club, Independence Day and The Sound of Music, Fox shows that they have certainly made the commitment to provide the things that DVD lovers want.
I raise a toast (picked the jet of bread) while I cut the lights, I sit and look at these disembodied lips begin to sing on the tradition of the film B.
[R]