From time to time, a film sneaks over me and takes me completely by surprise.
I do not necessarily want to say in terms of quality; I rather refer to the simple knowledge of its existence.
Usually, I know which films are on the way a year in advance, but two weeks ago, I had never heard of Princess Caraboo.
He slipped fairly quietly into a limited release and seems intended to slip just as quietly.
It's a shame, because Princess Caraboo is a delicious fable, romantic, sweet and very attractive.
In addition, it is surprisingly insightful and provides a lively lesson in English social history.
Princess Caraboo is based on a real event at the beginning of the 19th century in England, involving a young woman (Phoebe Cates) who finds herself wandering in the countryside.
Apparently, unable to speak English, she is taken by the sweet woman with good heart Mme.worrall (Wendy Hughes).
Her banker husband (Jim Broadbent) is not too satisfied with this strange house, until the worrals begin to believe that the woman can be a royalty of an island in eastern India, the princessCaraboo.
This development inspires plans for a lucrative trading company for MR.worrall, and an introduction into elite social circles for Ms.worrall.
However, local journalist John Gutch (Stephen Rea) is not convinced that the woman is what she seems to be, and maintains the truth about Princess Caraboo.
As a social satire and comedy of manners, Princess Caraboo is a winner.
It takes place at a time when it was a common practice in England to take prison waves and suspend be beggars, and this practice arrives for an obvious hazing.
But it is most effectively managed by the character of Mr.worrall, a drunk petticoat runner whose bank has deep trouble thanks to its corruption and its ineptitude.
It is worse than one of the rich inactive people; he is one of the actively obnoxious gentrys so eager to distance himself from the lower class, they just think of eliminating them, and as the house and the money are allMrs.worrall, he is a little too close to them for comfort.
While hypocrisy is an easy target for ridicule, director and co-author Michael Austin keeps treatment too light to be heavy.
He also takes a unique stab at the trend of the upper classes, because the princess becomes a "sensation" at the court.
In one of the best sequences of the film, Princess Caraboo is the guest of honor at a party organized by Prince Regent (a wonderfully Foppish tour by comics John Sessions), and the Lords and Ladies end up withFollow her in a completely silly native dance.
It is then that Princess Caraboo shows with how easily people are swept away in "sensations", an idea that takes a timeless quality (and made the film an interesting company of the current quiz show).
Aside from social comments, Princess Caraboo is simply an eminently pleasant entertainment.
The artists are mostly delicious, especially Phoebe Cates, who is radiant in a part that requires a gift for pantomime.
His support players are also attractive: Wendy Hughes as a patient and kindly Mrs.worrall; Kevin Kline as Frixos, the suspicious and superior Greek butler of the World; Stephen Rea as Gutch Las but ultimately romantic.
Only John Lithgow is a disappointment, transforming a soft performance as a scientist who tries to verify the identity of the princess.
The story twists and turns just enough for the question of whether the princess is really a princess is always in doubt, without becoming a gadget.
It is regrettable that the growing attraction between Gutch and Princess Caraboo has no more time to develop, because the potential seemed to be there.
When he finally blooms, he seems too fast to be plausible.
Princess Caraboo is patient enough to establish his sense of time and place that he may seem a little slow to viewers in search of a fantasy Rump.
However, he has both escapes and intellectual calls, and is worth being sought.
It is the kind of film that makes my work the most enriching - a hidden gem.