"Oh my God, I looked like a mother!"
Mrs. Pascal, played with the diabolical wickedness of Geneviève Bujold, said to his son.
 "Didn't I feel like a mother?"
 "You are a mother," said her son Marty.
 "I know, but I still can't believe it.
I look at you and I wonder, how have you ever taken my stomach? "
Marty, you see, is an adult twin.
Although her sister, who thinks she is Jackie-O, is certainly crazy, Marty integrates perfectly with the rest of this very dysfunctional family in the black comedy full of spirit of Yes.
The mother and daughter, played in a brilliant performance by Parker Posey, are both degrees of Wackko.
Most of the cinema dysfunctional families are more angry and messed than diabolically abnormal than this one.
The girl's fantasy of being Jackie-O is probably the most sensible part of her being.
Mrs. Pascal is the genre that will not allow Jackie-O to keep a hair brush at the bottom, because food is maintained at this level.
She explains to Marty's new fiancée, Lesly (Tori Spelling), shortly after their first meeting that Jackie-O held Marty's private part when she came out of the uterus.
Wendy Macleod's dialog box, based on the game of Mark Waters, is so clear and biting that it seems in danger of cutting through the celluloid at any time.
The script, recalling a play by David Mamet, sink gently with his rapid intelligence and his fascinating whole of bizarre characters.
The exaggerated configuration has designed and Marty when the family arrived outside the manor during a Thanksgiving Day hurricane.
In this storm are two healthy individuals.
The fiancée is a dizzy, of a schoolgirl type, embarrassed by everything, a complete contrast to the bitter pseudo-sophistication of its jackie-o rival.
As a younger brother of the two twins, Anthony, Freddie Prinze Jr. Jourd the type of boy in America whose only foil is his explicit obsession to dismiss the fiancée of his brother that night.
 "We all have our secrets," said Jackie-O to his potential sister-in-law, and boy, she has some.
This is a house filled with them.
 (When Lesly calls her the family's "home" to Mrs. Pascal - They never had a visitor before Lesly - Mrs. Pascal becomes decorated until she realizes that Lesly talks about their "House".)
In a film that gives new meaning to the phrase "does for each other", the greatest, but not their only secret of the twin, is that they had a long -term incestuous relationship.
They do not like to discuss it, although they are not particularly ashamed of it.
Perfect for viewers who can appreciate perverse comedy, this story never pumps.
Jackie-O tries in many ways, some subtle, to show that she is a better match for Marty than her fiancée de Ditzy.
In a scene, Marty and Lesly play cutting sticks together on the piano when Jackie-O pushes it aside and begins to play a classic room difficult for four hands.
Marty joins her while her fiancée looks with envy.
The chemistry between Parker Posey and Josh Hamilton is simply incredible.
They put their little brother and most of the other healthy people in the world.
Their responses engage cinema to its best.
Director Mark Waters maintains the high level of the high spectacle and lets the slopes slide to each other at a furious pace.
Its net management guarantees that the film does not have an ounce of fat on it.
Jackie-O is a temperament unable to be nice.
And being jealous, she cuts Lesly mercilessly.
 "Were you poor?"
Jackie-O asks her when she finds that Lesly has committed the crime to grow up.
 "Have you eaten pies?"
Chicken pawns? "
 "In fact, many pancakes," replied Lesly with her usual sincerity.
 "A king of donut, so is it like the queen?", "
Jackie-O wonders Marty Cattly when she learns that Lesly works in a king of a donut.
 "Are we in To try royalty? "
With the whimsical music by Rolfe Kent, he never seems clear where the story goes.
Will this end with a great emotional explosion, a murder, people who cut themselves slowly with words, a family catharsis, a meteorological disaster or what?
The emotionally loaded game takes place clearly somewhere, and the engaging characters captivate the public with their fate.
I will not say more, except that the end is perfect and a bit of a surprise.
Yes's house manages a dazzling 1: 25.
It is evaluated R for situations and sexual conversations, mature themes, violent connotations and certain blasphemies.
The film would be good for older and mature adolescents, i.e., treat the film as ranked NC-17.