Barely demolished by playing in a piano in New York, Timothy Hutton returns to his hometown of Massachusetts for a few weeks.
On the surface, he comes home for a high school meeting, but as it is a film, you know that he is really looking for major life decisions.
A fairly "small" film, it sports an impressive whole set, including Uma Thurman, Rosie O'Donnell and a bunch of actors that you have seen before but that you cannot quite place.
laudable jobs all around; they look like real people.
Hutton arrives at his past and is welcomed by his mortal father, his terminal brother and his old high school friends.
All his former friends are engaged in the snow removal sector and most are in the midst of a relational crisis.
The perfect thing for a comedy on the people of anxiety of the twenties.
He meets and falls in love with the new neighbor next door: a beautiful intelligent girl who is obviously taken with him.
The problem is that she is only 13 years old.
Not consumed (no, it's not a type of film), their relationship is built and none knows what to do with it.
Amateurs crushed in stars without where to go.
So Hutton is Gaga on a teenager barely, one of his friends is two chronometers from his girlfriend with an old married flame, a girlfriend from another sleeps with a vian cup ("And she is a vegetarian!").
Things are in disorder.
Enter Uma Thurman.
The beautiful stranger in town for a few days is both a delight in the film and one of his minor falls.
His character is fun to watch.
Even more entertaining, it is observing that the guys falling on themselves while trying to impress him.
Like Lone Ranger, before her departure, she solves most of the problems and fixes everyone with her life.
The end is a little too tapped.
Everything is attached with a little neat arc.
Rosie O'Donnell is a star in her limited screen time with her impetuous personality and "tell him as if they were" declarations.
Structured a bit like a "dinner, a few years later", this story of well-being is a good time, but ends a little too much.