It is difficult to imagine that a film that includes abortion and incest as prominent plot devices could be so sensitive, so delicate, so perceptive and yes, even so pleasant.
In one way or another, the rules of the cider house manage to keep a uniform keel in the face of the hard object and allows a substantial amount of heart to shine.
Located in the 1940s, the film tells the story of a unique young man named Homer Wells (Tobey Maguire, Ride with the Devil).
Orphan, twice rejected as an infant by possible adoptive parents, he grew up under the care and under the supervision of Dr. Wilbur Larch (Michael Caine, Little Voice), father appears to the orphans of St.Cloud, obstetrician or abortionator ofUnhappy pregnant women who come there in search of her help.
Thinking that as long as Homer was going to stay at the orphanage, he could just as easily be useful, Dr. Larch begins to teach him everything he knows about the obstetrics.
Soon Homer delivers babies like a professional.
He refuses to make abortions, wondering rather why couples simply did not behave more responsible.
Lorch, too old and experienced to have such young ideals, emergence that Homer "continues to have such high expectations towards people".
This is the result of isolated education.
Although qualified in certain medical procedures, Homer remains terribly naive and ignoring on almost everything else.
He finally thinks that to find his place in the world, he must enter it.
Bonding himself with a young couple who had come to see Dr. Lorch, he took a tour with them and Parlays who won a job as apple picker with a group of black migrant workers in the orchard where they lived.
Thus, Homer begins his worldly instruction, with a new friend Candy Kendall (Charlize Theron, the wife of the astronaut) a voluntary tutor.
Tobey Maguire is again well interpreted as an intrinsically good man who is looking for answers to the questions of life ...
Many of which he was not aware of to be asked.
It demonstrates a silent force and reflected curiosity which is both warm and attractive.
Michael Caine is, in a word, brilliant as a benevolent guardian of these orphans, many of whom have helped to bring to the world.
calling them "Princes of Maine, Kings of New England" in his good ritual night, Mr.Caine manages to communicate the love and commitment that has these children without becoming Maudlin or Saccharin.
Delroy Lindo (a less ordinary life) has many powerful moments as MR.ROSE, the strong and charismatic leader of the apple apples that Homer joins.
The director Lasses Hallstrom (What eats Gilbert Grape?) And the screenwriter / novelist John Irving (Le Monde according to Garp), who adapted his own work for this film deserves a large part of the credit for the balanced approachof the sensitive subject.
Whatever his personal position on the question of abortion, it is difficult to imagine that anyone is being made by the uniform treatment used by these filmmakers.
The title is a reference to a list of rules published in the districts of Apple Imepaletes pickers.
The thought that the rules did not apply to them because they did not help them write them, they decide to ignore the list and compensate for their own rules as and when.
Dr. Larch, in his own way, acts in the same way.
There is a danger in this reasoning.
God also gave us a set of rules.
Unlike the list published in the Maison du Cider, the rules of God, if they are followed, promise us advantages beyond our imagination.
And yet many continue to ignore your "rules" preferring to make up as they go through life.
 "Trust the Lord with all your heart; and don't look into your own understanding."
Proverbs 3: 5 [KJV]
Just as a manufacturer follows the plan of a designer or a conductor follows the partition of a composer, why should we not follow the rules of life given to us by the architect of life for our ownblessing?