Capsule: Trippy, Hyperspeed Action Machine by Tsui Hark accomplished by Hong Kong.
Van Damme and Rodman have beautiful chemistry, the waterfalls are eyepping and things are really exploded; what more do you want?
I admit that I had to hate the double team; he was shaking marketing oriented towards timing jack (Stick Dennis Rodman in a film, fast, while it is hot, and do something about the folding career ofJean-Claude Van Damme while we are there!).
Surprise - Double Team transcends its stupid roots and turns out to be a spoiling of pleasure.
Bring friends, get Bretzels and you burst.
Van Damme is Jack Quinn, an ex -agent who is brought back for "a last mission" - one might think that any spy worth his phone of shoe would take place like a hell when he hears these words.
But the character of Van Damme has a pregnant woman who is also a sculptor, and unpleasant pressure gets used to passing him into this mission.
He was responsible for removing an old enemy, a terrorist named Stavros (Mickey Rourke, the strangely moderate air), who can be back to his old towers.
In the first confrontation between Quinn and Stavros, the film proudly carries its ambitions on its sleeve: the non -stop action.
An amusement park, a hospital, a private retirement of "spy", most of Rome, various houses, planes, cars and other modes of transport, and the Colosseum (!)
All become arenas for some of the filming and punchs most in filmed bone.
They are better seen than described and are a sufficient reason to see the film: a breathtaking scene means that Van Damme faces a man who uses a switchblade with his * feet *.
 (Van Damme is a good athlete and a dexterous fighter, but he is often offset.)
There are other beautiful touches.
Stavros and Quinn both want the same thing: to retire in peace with their families.
This ambition connects them in various ways, and also humanized them a little.
One of the things about HK action films is that there is always a form of human element, and this is also transported in this film.
It gives weight to the scenes that would be otherwise forgettable.
Dennis Rodman is also good, playing a arms dealer named Yaz - a character who comes out like a handful of broken fingers and who is funny right.
Rodman is natural on the screen; he is fun to watch, especially when he launches bad guys like basketball, and deserves to have a film to his own, based on what is seen here: light and fast entertainmentwhich highlights all its parts.