The Andromeda strain is the biggest science fiction film ever made.
I know that it is a very swept statement, so I will qualify it by adding that the Andromeda strain is one of the few films made that really deserve the "science fiction" label, stories in which speculative scienceis at the heart of the plot.
2001: A space odyssey is probably a better film, but it only really qualifies as science fiction if you consider metaphysics as a science.
Most of the other films that we normally classify as science fiction, or SF, are really only stories of fantasy, action or horror in a futuristic setting.
The Andromède strain begins with two soldiers in a high-tech van (for 1970) in search of a crushed satellite in a small town in New Mexico.
Something bad happens to them.
The photos of a recognition plane show a shocking view.
Apparently everyone in the city is dead.
The authorities call an "forest fire alert", summoning four scientists, all except one of them somewhat reluctant, in a super secret underground war laboratory in Nevada.
Two scientists, Stone and Hall, go directly to the city in space costume and find a city where almost all residents have literally dropped on their traces, their blood has turned into powder in their veins.
Some have become crazy before dying and two of them, a baby and an old Wino, are miraculously still alive.
They bring back the survivors and the satellite to the laboratory, where Stone puts pressure on the White House to call a "Directive 712", an executive decree to cauterize the area of the city with a nuclear bomb.
What they find on the satellite when they come back to the laboratory is Andromeda, an organism that challenges all the normal rules of earth -shaped life and lies as it grows.
Their only hope of healing it is to discover what a perfectly healthy little boy has in common with an old abandonment.
What they discover is that the body feeds directly on energy and exploding the A bomb on the city would only spread it over the whole planet.
They barely cancel the bombardment in time.
But then, the organization lodges in something that threatens to eat through the defenses of the laboratories and to go out.
This triggers the last defense mechanism of the laboratory, an atomic bomb.
For those who are raised on the brain -free action rate that pollutes cinemas today, the Andromeda strain will probably seem to be slowly slow.
A large part of the film is a lot of standing people watching video screens and computer readings.
But what the characters see on these screens between a tension every turn of the screw.
The performances are universally good, the actors keeping discreet and sober things, as well as scientists.
For me, the real attraction of this film is the fact that it shows scientists acting as scientists and makes it exciting.
We follow the logic of their methodical deduction step, perplexed as they do each time that Andromeda behaves in a way that we do not expect.
This film is only available on the wide screen on DVD and it is the way to see it.
He was initially noted G during the first outing, but he now carries the PG rating, mainly for a very light nudity and a scene in which the wrist of a body is cut, overturning his blood powder.