Three things I learned in "being John Malkovich": when you go up in the elevator for your first day of work on the 7 1 / 2nd floor of a building, always bring your doe foot; do not prevent yourself fromThe updating of your wife as a man; and, whenever you enter a portal in the mind of another human being, wear old clothes, because, hey, it's muddy in there.
 "Being John Malkovich" is the most original film to take the pike for a very long time.
Very surreal, but presented in a earth-to-terre and funky style, it is the kind of film that sticks you in your head.
After savoring the inventiveness of the story, you drive around the richness of the ideas contained therein.
From the ethics of relations and the policy of immortality to the very nature of the identity itself, there is much to think here.
Don't forget to have fun.
Obviously, all the parts involved in making the film certainly did it, starting with the writer Charles Kaufman.
 "I wrote" being John Malkovich "without outline", he explains in press notes, "blindly, without sense or goal.
It is important to me that I don't have a card before I start.
This allows me to surprise me, to stay committed, to discover things and, hopefully, to allow the unconscious to surface. "
Spike Jonze (Buddy Na? Ve of Mark Wahlberg in "Three Kings") takes him from there.
The director with "Sabotage" by Beastie Boy, a awarded parody of television cop shows from the 70s, as well as many other clips and advertisements, avoids the typical MTV flash for its cinema debut.
Jonze has judiciously realized that an unusual scenario is most effectively presented in a discreet style.
Its flat and in fact approach works perfectly.
And then there is the cast.
John Cusack plays Control Freak Craig Schwartz, a street artist who is periodically adorned with parents opposing his remarkably expressive, but resolutely erotic puppet shows.
Over the years, his marriage to the obsessive employee of the Lotte pet (Cameron Diaz) has spent.
Once lovers have been passionate, both are now a little more than courteous roommates.
Attached financially, Craig takes a job as entry -level file clerk in Lesercorp, located on the 7 1 / 2nd floor of a Manhattan building.
Navigate around Dr.Lester (Orson Bean), his 105 -year -old boss and Floris (Mary Kay Place), secretary Dotty de Lester, Craig tries to settle in his new position, but two things keep him distracted.
First of all, there is the beautiful and imperative Maxine (Catherine Keener), who is delighted to torment Craig on her obvious thirst for her.
And then there is the hole behind the binder, which turns out to be a portal in the mind of actor John Malkovich.
Craig learns that anyone who enters the portal takes place into the subconscious of Malkovich, where they can live the life of his point of view (with enough concentration, you can even influence his actions).
After 15 minutes, the visitor is ejected and poured without ceremony in a ditch on the side of the New Jersey Turnpike.
Then things become a little bizarre.
By the way, if you fear that I have given too much the plot, rest assured - - I barely scratched the surface.
One of the most satisfactory aspects of the fable is that Kaufman is not content with simply milk the laughter of its bizarre configuration.
Instead, he crawls in the dark premise as completely as Craig slips into Malkovich, searching and playing with the different philosophical implications to compromise the identity of another person.
He also examines the consequences of Malko visits to Craig, Lotte, Maxine and, of course, John Malkovich himself.
The performance is superb.
Malkovich (better known for the consumer public for his work in "dangerous connections", "in the line of fire" and as a head psychopath in the culprit "con air") modifies his own image in a waddow Y self-depreciation turn.
Far from his effective and vaguely reptilian character, this Malkovich is just another Schlub, drinking with his friends and trying to be fucked (incidentally, Charlie Sheen is also played in a hilarious parody of his well -deserved bad reputation).
As always, John Cusack closes his share, easily pulling viewers while Craig's actions become inadmissible.
The big surprises come from Catherine Keener and Cameron Diaz, both playing against the guy.
Kenner, generally thrown into icy subordinate roles, is great as a very intelligent and extremely manipulative fatal woman.
Cameron Diaz, barely recognizable under a mess of brown and curly hair, leaves her a perpetually sunny smile and made big laughs while a woman thrown into extreme sexual confusion after having taken a look at Malkovich.
 "Being John Malkovich" stumbles towards the end, while Jonze and Kaufman are trying too hard to resolve the different sub -intrigues.
Additional characters and increasingly complex explanations lead to a congested finish.
Anyway, this "Alice in Wonderland" contemporary is a real treat.
I enjoyed watching "Being John Malkovich", but it was only later, after thinking about the film, his resonance completely struck me.
At one point, Craig says: "Do you know what is a metaphysical box to this portal?"
More real words have never been pronounced.