Have you ever wondered what happened to Gabe Kaplan?
You remember, he was the main character of the SitCom of the 70s, "Welcome Back Kotter".
Always trying to help swear, frequently trying to dodge Mr. Woodman, always distrusting himself with the tuna pan of his wife.
 "So," ask yourself, "where is it now?"
M. Kaplan spends a large part of his time these days playing professional poker with high issues.
that's right .
I do not know if it is his main source of income, but from what I heard, the guy sometimes takes up $ 20,000 at a time.
And you were there, thinking that I was going to tell you that he was doing theater outside Broadway.
You are silly goose.
Well, Gabe Kaplan is not in the film Rounders, any more than the film on the actor Come Gamber de Gambeler.
But Rounders concerns poker, and Gabe plays poker, and I thought it was a kind of careful connection.
Sorry for the transmission, or its absence.
Matt Damon plays Mike McDermott, a law student who also has a singular talent for the poker game.
He has been playing for some time, and more than mastered, he caught the bug.
He goes to all New York underground games, knows the regulars and knows how to win.
At the start of the film, he built a beautiful thirty nest egg, which he takes to the Speakeasy type game fair where the big boys play.
Mike is there to make his offer in the upper level, punctuating everything against Teddy KGB (John Malkovich), a Carding Oreo carding cart with links with the Russian mafia.
Mike has the potential to take a big pot and go to Vegas and buy in the World Series of Poker, but instead, he loses everything in one hand.
Months later, he paid his way in the law faculty by leading a delivery truck.
When Mike's best friend and poker Buddy Worm (Edward Norton) ends his mandate to jostle certain students, he wants to resume right if they were arrested, working as a team to separate others with their Paris species.
Although Mike has ceased to play cards as a promise to his girlfriend and his colleague student in law, Jo (Gretchen Mol), Worm knows Mike to play once again, and Mike, bitten again by the bug,Slips on this slippery slope, risking its relationship, education and the reputation of poker game are becoming the center of its life.
To make a film on the game, a filmmaker will usually have to play the glamorous side to get the audience behind the characters.
This is because few moviegoers will carefully care about a guy in a leisure costume or a Terry fabric shirt sitting at a folding card table with a storage in his mouth.
Rounders, however, seems to go more for the latter than the first.
Frequent Mike and Worm clubs are not very glamorous at all.
There is a basement, a lodge with elk heads on the wall, a goulasque articulation - these are the types of places in which director John Dahl defines his blows.
With the exception of a brief case when the two players visit Atlantic City, the film is devoid of the flashing lights of the casinos or the pleasant color of the green felt table.
The reason why Rounders always captures our attention is that it is less the poker game than personalities who enjoy and are slaves.
We are given a beautiful set of interesting characters with clear motivations and good actors to play them.
Matt Damon is very natural as Mike, who fights between his desire to play the right and to shrink by finishing the law faculty and to respond to what could be his real vocation, to play professional poker.
Ed Norton's worm is really a worm, always looking for the angle and playing everyone for what they are worth.
John Turturro, who surprises me with his range of actor, wins in this film by playing Joey Knish, a virtual poker prodigy in his time which now plays underground games to make rental and alimony paymentsfor children.
He is both a friend and a Mike mentor, and the discreet performance of Turturro is to Convincing Tally, just like Teddy KGB strongly accent of John Malkovich is imposing as an opponent dragon that Mike must kill to prove himself.
Martin Landau is also thrown into the mixture as one of Mike's law teachers, Abe Petrovsky.
While Landau slips well into the role, his character, spitting personal anecdotes on the fact of remaining faithful to oneself, facilitates the pipeline of the scenario towards a predictable end.
Perhaps the weak link in the also formidable range of actor talents, however, is Gretchen Mol which simply did not seem to have much presence on the screen.
It is a real fishing to look at, a kind of cross between actress Renee Zellweger and singer Jewel (and I would not be surprised if the three formed a kind of triumvirate with blond hair and try to take control of the world), Masses Lines delivered seemed very flat, and I found myself looking for Matt Damon's reactions instead.
A good thing about Rounders is that he does not get bogged down in the development of the character and the declaration of declaration so much that he cannot find the time for humor.
The film is well dotted with scenes that make you laugh and keep the rhythm, like a sequence where Mike and Worm quickly move around New York from one game to another, in very different places.
A match in a cigar club had made me on points.
 "I love the sweetness of this dark Maduro packaging," said one of the players, clearly more interested in displaying his claim on the cigar with one hand than in the cards of his other.
I hoped that Mike and Worm would really take these guys.
With all the poker played, Rounders had the potential to be very confusing.
You might think you know a lot about poker, but think again.
Fortunately, we are given a narration of Damon during the most complex moments to explain what is happening.
The narrations are more informative than incorrect and inform us of what the issues are and why some players want to do the things they do.
It is good that as the characters develop, we too understand their world.
As a film about success and survival in the field of underground poker, Rounders delivers to the shovel.
wait !
As a film on the cultivation of cards, Rounders is an ace.
Hang on!
Packed with a big game and big characters, Rounders is a full house.
Okay, I guess it's enough.
Oh, by the way, if you ever want to enter a game with Ol 'Gabe Kaplan, make sure to bring a note from Epstein's mother.