Also well-being formula as possible, are we going to dance?
Also demonstrates a kind of charming restraint that you do not often find in American films.
This Japanese importation tells the story of an average age accountant named Sugiyama (Koji Yakusho) whose worldly life is shaken overnight when he spots the beautiful May Kishikawa (Tamiyo Kusakari) in the window of a dance school.
Intrigued by her melancholy behavior (and slightly entangled with her), Sugiyama is registered for weekly lessons at school - and, to her great astonishment, ends up attracting his dance as for her young Sensei.
Meanwhile, the woman of Sugiyama (Hideko Hara) becomes suspicious of her Wednesday evenings and defines a private detective on her husband's track.
In a movie in Hollywood, you can bet that the sub -intry would be transformed into a flow of Slapstick comedy and crazy misunderstandings.
Are we going to dance?, The writer / director Masayuki Suo in relaxation in a few minutes, using it to set up subsequent characters interactions rather than letting it overwhelm the story with Pratfall.
Nor does he make the victory of the victory a competition between the hero and a meséral token rival.
Suo gives his comedy the graceful movements of his subject, allowing humor to sink characters rather than forcing them on them.
Is an opening prologue going to dance?
Go some efforts to place the film from a sociological perspective, explaining how contrary the living room dance is in the sense of Japanese convenience.
It is a forced message in a story that does not need such a specific angle to culture.
The dance school in going to dance?
Plays the role of a simple mixer, with everyone vaguely embarrassed to be there again by taking advantage of new personalities.
The most funny among these new personalities is that adopted by the colleague of Sugiyama MR.Aoki (Naoto Takenaka), an analyst of the bald systems who becomes a ardent Latin lover when he puts on a frizzy wig and begins in Rumba.
The awakening of Sugiyama is less open, but Koji Yakusho does a wonderful job showing a transformation of small steps.
It is a delicate performance with a huge heart.
Are we going to dance?
is a fairly light experience, which makes its last half hour rather a long sit down.
Suo piles a lot of exposure in a very short time, including an unnecessarily detailed back story for May, causing a slow march towards the resolution.
This is where we will dance?
Most of Hollywood conventional, trying to blind the public with an emotional catharsis truck.
Suo may have been better advised to conclude with the little gem of a scene in which Sugiyama and his wife take their first temporary dance steps.
This is the true joy of dance, are we going to dance?
Transform: His ability to create an intoxicating mood of romance that can soften the rigid shirt.