It was an extraordinary year for Australian films.
 "Shine" has just picked up the swimming pool at the Australian Film Institute Awards, to take the best film, the best actor, the best director, etc. to that, we can add the granular "life" (anxiety, courage and'Friendship of a group of male prisoners in the HIV -positive section of a prison) and "Love and other disasters" (a gem on a low budget on hetero and gaysur love and near a university campus).
I do not remember a year during which such a rich and varied celluloid library was unleashed from Australia.
 "Shine" was a book greenhouse.
Take place for the other: "Heart Dead".
> From opening credits, the theme of the division is established.
Distribution credits have clear and distinct lines separating their first and family names.
Bryan | Brun.
In a desert colony, hundreds of kilometers from the nearest city, there is a calm uncomfortable between local natives and the handful of white settlers who live nearby.
The local police officer has the task of applying "white man's justice" to the Aborigines.
They are people with a proud inheritance of 40,000 years behind them.
Naturally, this includes their own justice system; the key to which is "Payback".
an eye for an eye .
revenge .
Usually extracted by the spear through the receiver's thigh.
Brown, as an officer, manages to keep the balance quite well.
He admits that he must "fold the rules a little", in particular by actively encouraging at least a brutal "recovery".
 (Be notified that this scene, near the beginning, is not for the delicates).
The local priest - an indigenous, but in the "white fellas" church - has one foot on each side of the line.
It is, figuratively and literally, in both camps.
Ernie Dingo brings a lot of understanding to this role as a man in the middle.
He is part of the church and the political part.
However, tension, such as heat, flies and dust, is still there.
While her husband - the local professor - is at the church, the white lady Kate (millike) and her friend Aborginal Tony (Pedersen) left in the hills.
He takes him to a sacred site, even today strictly strictly men.
She does not seem to know.
Tony tells him that it is a special place, an initiation place.
He then made love to her, surrounded by ancient rocky art.
The community discovers this sacrilege act and its recovery time.
The fuse is on and fragile inter-racial peace is broken.
Everyone is affected by the fall.
To say more is to give the details of this finely designed film.
It is enough to say that it is an enriching experience.
Bryan Brown, acting and co -producing, is the pivotal character.
His officer is real, human and therefore imperfect.
Brown comments that he expects the public to feel warm to man, then suddenly feels angry with him.
Not long ago, I visited Central Australia - Ayers Rock (Uluru) and Alice Springs - for the first time.
The large screen cinematography shows the dead heart of Australia in a way that captures its vicious beauty, but never deteriorates in a moving slideshow, in which the magnificent background dominates these annoying actors in the foreground.
The cultural confrontation provided the thesis of many films; from west to bird cage.
At least three excellent Australian films have covered the natives and the line between them and us, "invaders" Anglo-Saxons: "Jedda", "The singer of the blacksmith of Jimmie" and "The Last Wave".
In a year when the "debate" of the race rose in Australia, it is nourishing to see such a smart film and non -judgency as "dead heart".
The Aboriginal priest best sums up that.
He is asked to say if he is a "black guy or a white guy".