If you are the type of person who makes the submarine every time you visit Disneyland, you will love the red October.
You will also love the film if you like military tactics of chat and mouse, or if you are a fan of Sean Connery or Alec Baldwin, or if you admire the previous films of the director John Mctearnan, Die Hard and Predator.
In fact, the only people likely to be disappointed with the red October hunting are those who have read the book, because the films are almost never up to the novels that inspired them.
The Hunt for Red October is an epic thriller, adapted from the best -selling novel by Tom Clancy.
Located in an era front Glasnost, the film revolves around a top secret Soviet submarine, called October Red.
The nuclear submarine has a revolutionary propulsion system, which makes the ship silent and allows it to escape the detection of Sonar.
The Red October embarked on his first trip under the command of Captain Marko Ramius, played by Sean Connery.
Ramius has strict orders just to test the submarine, but he has other ideas.
It takes the submarine and its crew and disappears in the Atlantic Ocean.
Does he plan to start the Second World War?
CIA analyst Jack Ryan does not think so; he is convinced that Ramius plans to defect the U.S.RYAN, played by Alec Baldwin, three days to prove his theory and find the missing submarine.
The characters in the red October are thin in paper, but the performances, fortunately, are solid.
Baldwin and Connery anchor the film with their usual vigor.
Sam Neil gives a solid performance as the first dark officer of Connery.
It is ironic to see Neil and Connery play Russians, because they are both better known for their roles as British agents, Connery like James Bond and Neil like Reilly, "Ace of Spies".
The large cast also includes Scott Glenn, James Earl Jones, Tim Curry and Joss Ackland, as well as Richard Jordan as the U Smooth U.S. Conseil of national security.
The special effects are remarkable, but more than anything, the hunt for October is distinguished by its water waterproof plot.
The writers Larry Ferguson and Donald Stewart graciously sailed in October through a story full of twists and turns.
They maintain us involved in the action by revealing the strands of the plot at the right time.
The film does not become as sweaty or breathless as dying hard, because it prefers to tell a good story to hit you over your head with a non-stop action.
The finish is stimulating and full of suspense, but essentially, hunting in red October is a higher potboiler.