A fun activity for parents during the holidays is to suggest an old film and see if they may interest their children.
Although black and white films are frequently considered suspect, those of color are welcomed with more open mind.
And if you can find a colorful action film, even if it is six decades ago, there is a real possibility at a time at home.
It was therefore in our family that we walked in the classic section of our local video store the other day and picked up a copy of The Adventures of Robin Hood, a very lively version of the history of Walter Scott.
Nominated for the prize of the 1938 academy for the best film and the winner of three Oscars for melodramatic music by Erich Wolfgang Korngold, the rapid edition of Ralph Dawson and the lush sets of Carl Jules Weyl, the film is probablyknown.
Flynn, with her beautiful silhouette and her sly smile, charms the public while clearly spending a high time himself.
Let me cut in pursuit and say that the band was indeed popular in the Rhodes house.
The smallest Rhodes, Jeffrey, 8, loved so much that he saw it at least three times and perhaps more.
I will let him discuss his fascination for the image in his usual section at the end of the review.
In fact, the film takes its success from one of the best of its kind, the Swashbuckler.
Robin, with an ear smile, fights over a hundred men without scratch.
Although the image can be considered a little more than a James Bond of the 1930s, the production values and the actor raise it above this level.
Robin Hood is a classic story of rich and poor.
Robin flies to the rich and gives the poor as each school knows.
In this film, however, it seems much less interested in the redistribution of income than by the struggle for its king and his country.
Robin, with his courage and his sporting skills, serves as a model for children.
And with the charming Olivia de Havilland playing the Lady Fitzswalter with dream eyes, the story has heavy romantic connotations.
Shot in the typical and richly overestimated colors produced by the beginning of Technicolor, the tones of flesh are too pink and there are some subtleties of colors, which correspond perfectly to the wonderfully exaggerated actor of the players.
On stage after stage, the image charms the public.
Who would not fall in love with Robin while he presents himself incognito to win the archery competition, even if the result is so clearly predetermined.
And, of course, he won not only, he does it by dividing the other man's arrow.
Watching the image today provides discordant moments.
Sherlock Holmes as bad, Sir Guy de Gisbourne, for example, does not seem fair, even if Basil Rathbone had a real identity outside of his most famous role.
And then there are these wigs of the makeup department - so badly, they look like rejections of a comedy by Mel Brooks.
As was popular in the cinema of that time, people die with the sweetest bite of the sword and without any unpleasant and bloody holes to spoil the wardrobe or appearance.
The bad guys are banished rather than killed, and the lovers go hand in hand, doing nothing more explicitly sexual than kissing.
The result is a wonderful fairy tale of a film with delicious and caricatured characters.
Hollywood rarely makes high quality family films like this, so try to savor the old ones when you can.
The adventures of Robin Hood work 1: 42.
It is not evaluated, but containing absolutely nothing offensive, it would get a G and go for all ages.
Jeffrey thinks that the film is "brilliant" and gives it * * * *.
He recommends the film in particular for people who are not probably bloody images - he hates the sight of blood in the movies.
His favorite parts are the battles and the end, and his favorite characters are Robin and King Richard (Ian Hunter).