Eddie Murphy had his share of ups and downs during his career.
Known for his famous crisis of the late 80s, Murphy has still managed to bounce back with a handful of success in recent years.
With the exception of the terrible holy man, he seems to be on the rhythm of a full return.
Life was a great decision on the part of Murphy and the Co-Star Martin Lawrence, because it is a large showcase for the two actors who never use a stick.
The director Ted Demme is intelligent enough to realize that the two actors can generate enough authentic laughs and do not instead a distracting plot to support them.
Life is, in a sense, a great balance with Murphy at one end and Lawrence of the other.
Surprisingly, the scale never advances in favor of one or the other due to the wonderful chemistry and the wonderful contrast that each actor allows the other.
While the film opens, we are presented to Ray Gibson (Eddie Murphy), a two -step pickpocket that Schmooz in a club.
There, he meets a prosperous businessman named Claude Banks (Martin Lawrence).
In one way or another, after several devices, the mismatched pair is found on their way to the Mississippi on a moon race.
When everything is said and done, Ray and Claude were supervised for a murder which was committed by the sheriff of the city.
Hence the setting for life: the prison of the state of the Mississippi, where the main characters come true to achieve their unlikely friendship, and is about to find an infallible escape plan.
The film took us from the 1930s until the 1990s, presenting a difficult task to show how the aging process affects Ray and Claude.
Fortunately, Rick Baker manages the makeup effects of the two actors in a fantastic way of caliber of the Oscars.
Not only do we believe that the characters seem to be 90 years old, but they also look like it.
Murphy and Lawrence are completely convincing in the main roles, even as an animal disadvantages that bicker on a card game.
It is only a pleasant surprises that the film slipped its round.
While advertisements market life as a right arrow comedy, there is a large amount of dramatic material hidden from his heart.
But the comic aspects work wonderfully, wisely forced the talents of the two stars.
The film is more a comedy than a drama, but in both directions, it is an overwhelming delight.
I could say some bad things about the film, but I don't want to.
It's such a nice surprise, such a big vehicle for Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence, that he guarantees a huge smile while the credits are starting to ride.