This summer, one of the novels most racically in the series of John Grisham, A Time to Kill, was transformed into a major film.
On January 3 of this year, director Rob Reiner essentially reissued the film under the title of ghosts of Mississippi.
On the basis of the true history of the assassination of the 1963 civil rights leader, the Mississippi ghosts revolves around the 25 -year -old legal battle confronted with Myrlie Evars (Whoopi Goldberg, Sister Act) and his quest for the'Obvious assassin of her husband and racist byron Dela Beckwith (James Woods, Casino) imprisoned.
She therefore turns to the assistant district prosecutor and the prosecutor Bobby Delaugh (Alec Baldwin, prisoners of paradise) to imprison the former member of the KKK.
Ghosts sets his tone with an assembly of opening of images of African-American history, misery of slaves to life in the racist south of the 1960s.
But too early, whites take over, intonant lines like "What's America has to do with anything?
It's Mississippi! "
As Beckwith, James Woods, with his head with latex most of the time as old man, flickering between evil and his character.
Meanwhile, Goldberg transforms a very serious and crying performance as a wife who does not let the death of her husband rest until she obtained the conviction.
The two deserve serious consumption of Oscars.
This brings us to Baldwin's dull performance.
Let's face it, try to match the wonderful actor of Matthew McConaughey in a time to kill is fundamentally impossible.
And Baldwin is living proof of this, because no emotion could be felt.
It seemed to be really fighting to shed a single tear.
Either a bad game or a bad staging, but something has really been wrong.
Another strange incident was the fact that Goldberg's facial features do not change, because she looked alike in the courtroom that she held her husband's corpse 25 years earlier.
However, Woods was glued with enough makeup to make it look like Goldberg's father.
At least, makeup was realistic.
With a few emotional moments in the ill -writing script, the ghosts of the Mississippi lacked heart, when his predecessor, a time to kill, made everyone cry.
Don't get me wrong, the film was not so bad, but if you saw Grisham's masterpiece, then don't expect it to be an excellent film.
 ,,