It was a rainy Friday afternoon in Columbus when I convinced a friend to see a performance in the morning of MST3K: TM.
He had never seen episodes of the show, and I watched some rare, because of his non-social antenna time on Comedy Central and the unequal nature of many episodes.
For those of you who do not know the premise, Dr. Clayton Forrester (Beaulieu) wishes to take over the world by finding the worst film never made and unleashing it on an unsturrent audience.
To achieve this, he (in the words of the theme of the television series, which is missing in the film) "hit [Mike Nelson (Nelson)] on the Noggin then pulled it in space", and monitored the reactionsFrom Nelson to Lafilms that he is forced to bear.
Rather than succumbing to the horror of many films, Nelson spends his time making Wisecracks with the help of his two companion robots, Tom Servo and Crow T.Robot.
The format of the show consists of Nelson, Servo and Crow making their comments while submitting against the film watched, and breaks every 20 minutes for the segments placed on the satellite of love, the ship on whichOur heroes are brown.
Only two things are different in the film: the absence of the acolyte of Forrester, Frank de TV and the slower rhythm of the jokes.
This last change is probably deliberate to prevent the public from visualizing not missing some of the best lines while laughing at the previous joke.
For their release on the big screen, the producers have chosen "This Island Earth", a classic from 1954 and one of the first SF films to have a larger special effect budget than the average grocery bill.
Unfortunately for this film (but making it the ideal mst3K fodder), the theater and dialogue seem to have taken a rear seat which, according to today's standards, are far from impressive.
Nelson & Co. Getting jokes over everything, from the domination of Japan to the world market, via Star Trek, to the state of dilapidation of Seattle Kingdome, and most of them work.
Unfortunately, the segments taking place outside the cinema of the satellite seem to be moved and are not particularly funny, but at least they are quite short.
The big question about this film is: why?
I guess it was an attempt to get a wider audience to keep the support behind the series (rumors of its imminent disappearance were broadcast for a while before the cap was finally fired a few months ago), but the format does not gain anything from its transition to the large screen - there are no special effects to dazzle you, no action sequences to keep you on the edge of your seat and no use of digital sound sound.
So, it seems useless to spend $ 8 per person to see this film when in a few months, it will be released on video and you can watch it for $ 3, and not have to sit in a room full ofPopcorn drug addicts.
Nevertheless, MST3K: TM offers more laughter opportunities than any film you will see this year, and I completely recommend it to all those who have a pulse.
Given his unique character, I hesitate to note it against other films, but he fulfills his claims and therefore in the class of "Damand Comedy films whose laughs come at the expense of bad films B", that is good.