Capsule: The Verma family makes a wedding and all loved ones will come for the festivities of several days.
Mira Nair's film is quite pleasant with a small human drama, some family secrets, a certain sadness and a little happiness.
You've already seen everything, but maybe not India.
The photography is colorful and the music is very pleasant.
 , low +2 (-4 to +4)
Mira Nair previously directed Salaam Bombay and Mississippi Masala.
His latest film, written by Sabrina Dhawan, is very similar to previous films like Betsy's wedding, but he takes place in New Delhi.
A rich family is a marriage.
An Indian marriage is a matter of several days as much a family meeting as a nuptial.
Even more than in the United States, it is an excuse for a sumptuous and extravagant family meeting.
The film shows us what the family does together and at the same time follows the individual scenarios of several family members.
Aditi Verma marries Hemant, an Indian engineer working in the United States.
She had previously had a relationship with Vikram, her supervisor.
Latit, his father (played by Naseeruddin Shah), juggles many problems, the least of which does not care about the caterer hired PK Dubey.
Dubey is a rather eccentric man with the taste of eating the worries he uses for decoration.
Even Dubey will soon be entangled romantically when he is interested in Alice, one of the family servants.
Several family members arrive by giving birth to several intrigues involving sex, family secrets or both.
There are sorrows and there are people who fall in love.
Some of the covered subjects are probably close to the taboo for Indian films.
The Western public will appreciate an overview of unknown Indian customs like women who paint their hands with henna.
On the other hand, it was not clear (for me at least) if scenes like the singing family together are typical of Indian culture or if it is a convention of Indian musical films.
This seems a particularly westernized family with the father wearing sweaters from American creators and the mainly speaking family.
The latter will however help international release.
Sabrina Dhawan's script is dynamic with a mind -full dialog.
We have seen films with a conspiracy a lot like that, but the Indian setting makes a lot of difference.
Director Mira Nair calls the film an affirmation of life.
I note a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the scale from -4 to +4.