For those who associate Italian cinema in Fellini and "High Art", the son's room is an inventive and subtle alternative.
Written by, directed and featuring Nanni Moretti, he takes us by the slow and complicated path of mourning.
Slow is the best description of the film at the start.
It takes time to establish the habits of what seems to be a normal and happy family.
The father and mother work both but always find time to support their son and daughter through homework and activities after school.
They laugh, spend free time together and reprimanded children for innocent harm with a sigh and a soft tape on the shoulder.
You have the impression that there is open communication and unconditional love among the quartet.
But suddenly, the son died after a diving accident.
The family dynamics begin an unpredictable descent that gives narrative strength when you expect the least, but can also try the duration of attention.
Although the film drags and even repeats itself, it can be somewhat excused as influenced by the mourning process.
Although Nanni Moretti has worn several hats for this production, he does not appear as a vanity piece.
One could wish that he did not choose the profession of analyst for the father, Giovanni (whom he plays as), if only because it makes the reactions of his character so predictable.
What saves him is a well written script, with a spare dialogue and an eclectic variety of human interaction.
The power of the film lies in the recreation of the tiny details of the daily life which modify due to the death of a close relative, or which reminds a depressed person.
You start to take note of cracked dishes, ignored when family happiness was in full swing.
You remember to bond during routine jogging around the block, and not necessarily huge events such as obtaining the diploma.
Even better are the role inversions that take place in the household.
While Giovanni and Paola (Morante Laura) check their daughter Irene (Jasmine Trincca), there is a feeling of being on the automatic pilot.
Not only Irene begins to take care of her own needs, but she will make her parents breakfast to try to break their new shells around them.
These scenes provide interesting representations of various adaptation mechanisms, frequently crossing a border as to the quantity that you can help yourself compared to others during a radical and unexpected change.
Respectfully, gender problems never grasp the image.
The self -propelled isolation is universal in terms of traffic, so Moretti intelligently uses this tool to separate the family.
Although Giovanni prevents Paolo from discussing Andrea during a party with friends, there is never the impression that it is more stoic, or more correct in research to restore a feeling of balance for theirlife.
Most of the films that approach the subject of death use boring melodrama, speeches and conciliation problems to run the waterworks.
On the other hand, the son's room captures a more realistic representation of the effects of death on a family by flowing graciously among the five stages of mourning (denial, depression, anger, negotiation, acceptance) through each of its main characters.
These are not the 100 most engaging minutes, but it is certainly easy to understand.