In 1987, the stock market crashed and Wall Street of Oliver Stone was reported on criticism and cinema.
Wall Street was lucky in her timing; the recent crash gave the film an resonation that she might not have, and although her killer or business approach was exaggerated, this ideology has entered the wholeMental of the businessman of the time of Reagan par excellence.
Stone built his film as a mythical good vs. The evil tale relayed in the rapid environment of the nascent scholarship.
Critics and the public praised Wall Street, raising its status to that of a contemporary classic.
I am proud to say that I will never be considered one of them.
I found that Wall Street was just as axiomatic and panderie as the majority of Stone's production with its thin caricatures, its obvious feelings and a sterile charism performance of the young Charlie Sheen.
Stone is going to have broken each scene (the same thing could be said for almost all of his works).
This approach tends to bury his alleged message under a pile of good intentions.
He directs scholarship scenes in typical hyperbolic mode with people shouting in phones as if they were on a fall plane.
It is an excuse for Stone to increase the emotion with a false intensity, rather than exploring what these situations look like.
I have the feeling that the brokers would be psychologically manipulative (as they are presented in the boiler room) rather than laughable above.
These guys are sellers after all, not television judges.
More than anything, I am disconcerted by the reasons why so many people love Wall Street.
The only possible solution that I can bring together is its release date.
And not only the speed of the subject of "Cupidity is a good": the film was repulted in the 80s, a decade during which comedy has a joke raised an art form, and a group of packersDe Glamor Glamor has taken a look through their path through High Concept and weak.
In my mind, the 80s will be remembered as a decade with not only a proliferation of bad films, but bad music, bad hair and bad clothes.
Maybe Stone's After School Special Set in Wall Street was considered a welcome change in rhythm.
The boiler is an equally clear film with some similarities with Stone's shit.
They both present a substantial father-son relationship, although the boilers' room is much more subtle and touching.
And they are both concerned with the power of greed, but men in the boiler are similar to allegedly pre -sisted installers rather than the Gordon Gordon Gordon figures of Wall Street.
The boiler is also a message film, however (at least until the end) does not push it on our faces.
The boiler room is about the pursuit of money and the diplomas to which people will go for this money.
As I said, this film is indeed appropriate in a company where a millionaire is the first -time number one program (provoking a television revolution by great listening hours which has not been seenFor some time); not only do we want to be millionaires, but we want to look at other people to become millionaires!
In our super-judity culture and oriented towards power, the desire for money replaces everything; when you have money, you have "everything".
And Seth (Giovanni Ribisi) wants "everything" to be the simplest way.
It is a well -intentioned college abandonment which is attracted to work for an illegally managed brokerage company (the genre that sells unwanted stock), after which he meets others like him.
Ben Affleck is interpreted as Jim, the fighter of pets, who struts by ordering the play as a boy of fraternity Gordon Gecko.
His work is to influence trainees to become enthusiastic employees by delivering a speech that subtly attacks their hood.
It is ironic that these puppies sell the same load of B.S that they are informed to make potential buyers.
The character of Affleck is obviously supposed to recall the similar ch of Alec Baldwin ARACT at GLENGARY GLEN ROSS, and this is detrimental to the actor's performance.
Affleck shouts, cursed and reduces his recruit employees just like Baldwin, minus the edge.
When Alec played the scene, he became the role, spitting these brutal lines as if they were his.
In comparison, Affleck just seems to make a really hammer line reading.
The brokers approach their work with the fervor of the jocks that are too zealous: they take over to work like football players on the way to the big match.
Rap music on the soundtrack effectively illustrating who these guys think they are: intellectual gangsters.
They are not above a rumble as a man's hood test, especially during the leisure where Scott Caan in the exercise seems too impatient to use his fists in minor litigation.
We are drinking this world with Seth and looking at it becoming seduced, just as we could be.
As in all the tales of prudence, the boiler room begins by seducing us in its illustrious world of profit and reprehensible acts, then strikes us with the consequences of all carelessness.
I know this story.
We all do.
But that can work if it is told with intelligence and energy, and that is how the writer \ the director Ben Younger says.
As director of (please excuse my French) Miss-scene Younger has a lot to learn.
His style is SitCom Fade.
But his writing is not.
Younger's script is well studied in the vernacular language of this group; its dialogue is like a Junior David Mat.
Despite the work of moderate camera, younger, fills her telephone pedestrian scenes with tensions that come from performance and closely rolled script.
The brokers \ HuckSers contradict each client objection, intimidating them gently in the purchase of stock.
These moments are filmed as scenes of psychological action: a tense confrontation between a victimizing and a victim who does not know that he is one.
With the exception of the brief appearances of Affleck, the performances are really exceptional.
Ribisi, who has the avant-garde look of a character actor, is extremely powerful here, working on his pale angular face, and a strange and strange look for all their value.
He transmits a childish vulnerability (his character seems to hide in a corner whenever things do not happen in certain scenes, and in others, he has made his throat.
The Jekyll and Hyde contradiction works well in the film: Ribisi is confident when it is just him and the phone, but loose before the figures of authority, including his abrasive father (played with authority by Ron Rifkin).
The boiler fortunately avoids histrionics of the Wall Street type in sales sequences; sales accumulate slowly like a crescendo of intelligent psychological stratagems.
These stratagems are taught in Seth by Chris (Vin Diesel), a good broker who alternates between Seth's friend and his mentor.
Diesl shines in his minor role.
This week, I saw the Pitch Black of Sci-Fi Opus in which Diesel plays a completely different role in an equally effective way.
In this film, he had the kind of role that could have gone to Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 80s, and in the boiler room, he had the kind of role that could have gone to Elliot Geld in the 70s.
Nicky Katt is also memorable as a superior broker obsessed with what he cannot have.
Nia Long, as secretary of the company (a lonely black woman among many white men) is the love interest of Ribisi for a part that first seems to be as insignificant as most of the parts that this talented actress obtains, but develops in something more interesting.
The two make a strangely sympathetic couple.
Long is intelligent and impetuous, and Ribisi is charming at a distance.
At one point, he said "I'm just looking for a little chocolate love".
It is a terrible line but Ribisi the book in such a harmless way, it becomes slowly endearing.
Unfortunately, towards the end, the boiler turns a little Schmaltzy.
There are many crying, hugs and painted looks.
it's OK When taken in small doses, but Younger's conclusion is built as a series of these moments of Booo, one following the others.
A misstep is his attempt to show the effect that Seth's manipulations have on one of his poor victims.
It is not a bad idea, but the execution is lacking, these scenes feeling to spell the message more.
This message being, "greed is bad".
Yes, it is obviously obvious, but Boiler Room transmits it by presenting us a culture which I have not seen much in the films: the twenty -year -old entrepreneur.
And all that Wall Street made presented us with a simplistic fantastic world of saints and sinners.
The boiler room does not offer or extreme.
This gives us what is between the two, and for that, I am grateful.