deadlock.
A man holds a woman, the daughter of a diplomat, hostage in his embrace, a weapon pressed towards his head.
A cop, altered by a drink due to the philander of his wife, leads his weapon to the lower regions of the man, threatening to shoot.
Another cop holds his weapon in the temple of his partner, forcing him to disarm.
The scene takes place like a quartet in the bridge - taking the bet, tacitly signaling, going for the game.
The second cop recovers the weapon of the first cop, the suspect lowers hers and the woman taken in the movements of the environment - idle - to security.
It was then that the signing officer is moving, entering the attacker's weapon.
The room turns backwards, a shot rings, a cop is broken.
Turned in the back and paralyzed for life.
The young man who found himself in the wrong place at the wrong time is sent to prison for six years for a crime he did not commit.
The narration has always been that of Pedro Almod? The biggest gifts of Var and in "Live Flesh", he gives us a rotating, turned and convincing story dotted with well -written and colorful characters.
The characters who find themselves, most often, in scenes carefully built like these.
Characters played by actors that we may not know, but who seem very familiar.
Take the handsome Victor Plaza (Liberto Rabal), for example.
Before leaving prison, he could easily be confused with this favorite Almod? Var, Antonio Banderas.
When we meet Elena (Francesca Neri), the woman in the middle of the nervous Shakedown, she looks like Spice Girl Barbie with her shock of orange hair, but later toned her look enough to pass for Juliette Lewis.
Elena's husband, David (Javier Bardem), is the cop is paralyzed in the shooting and he carries the perplexed expression of David Schwimmer throughout.
Playing the cop in intoxication and his cheating wife are Jos? Sancho and Angela Molina - no Lookaliks come to my mind, but they complete the excellent casting.
It is a credit in Almod? The job of Var that these five individuals cross and intertwine with such credulity.
 "Live Flesh" begins and ends with a living birth and the film's contradictions are almost as often as the contractions.
Between the two prodigals, coincidence, irony and a heavy sex tank form the key elements of this very entertaining film.
Although based on a story by Ruth Rendell, "Live Flesh" is full of high heels of the acclaimed Spanish director.
Women are sometimes attractive and repellent, their extravagant hairstyles and their animal print providing colored reflections with finely woven drama, a eye bruised by a violent husband here, a bloody mouth by an impromptu delivery there.
During his prison, Victor learned the Bulgarian of an inmate and learns to love the Bible, citing the Deuteronomy thereafter, thereafter, the way in which David and Sancho qualify as "guards of a sick herd".
Victor's prefabricated heritage is a mess in a slum resembling Sarajevo.
 "Dear son, I have cancer" his mother wrote to him in prison.
She died before her release and it was in the cemetery that Victor returned with Elena - Redemption, in the end, replacing itself with revenge.