Originally entitled Dancing About Architecture (I. E.
 "Talking about love is like dancing architecture"), but has changed because it looked too much like the dancing box office in Lughnasa, this film slaps a superb distribution of Hollywood names, playingInteresting and well written characters, inside a vignet -style conspiracy arrangement at La Robert Altman.
Plot: Follow the life of several couples falling into and out of love, finding themselves, finding a clearer understanding of the people they are and what they want, and appreciating the beautiful emotional art of love.
Critique: Charming romantic drama, this film offers an overview of various types of relationships, presents interesting characters and excellent distribution performance, and stripes below love and its many complex subtleties.
How do people fall in love?
Why do people fall in love?
How do people fall back into love, once they were injured and left to join the Lonely Hearts Club?
All these questions and more are addressed in this film, in several types of variant relationships.
Meet a young couple from the hip who goes through their first meeting.
Divorced that tries to go out with its many failed relationships.
A married woman "being" by deceiving her husband.
A husband dropping her inhibitions.
An older couple dealing with a man's "love" past, a recently discovered secret.
A dying son of AIDS, joined by his mother in the hospital.
There are a lot of nuances in this image, and many ideas and quotes to which we could all link ourselves, but more importantly, there is a diversity.
The diversity of relationships helped me, me and my gang of friends, to enjoy this film on several levels.
Some linked to the problems of the youngest.
others with the bride and groom.
There is a little bit of everything for everyone here.
And I would bet from dollars to donuts that if I had to watch this film in a year, I would go back to another situation.
Like love itself, this film is distinct and appreciated by all at many different levels.
The actors of this film are all also, very very good.
Sean Connery is solid as an older man with certain problems to be solved, just like Gena Rowlands, as an aging woman with trepidations.
Nice spell of this film a star with great performance, while Philippe is as pretty as ever.
Anderson leaves Scully far behind with her wonderful representation of a damaged woman trying to rekindle her love life, in front of an surprisingly admirable performance by the former Talk-Show animator Jon Stewart.
Even Dennis Quaid manages to get out of his over-acting shoes in this film, and offers a convincing spectacle of a man lost in his own imagination.
The only piece of this puzzle that left me somewhat detached, was the part surrounding Jay Mohr, the man who died of AIDS and his mother, Ellen Burstyn.
The actors went well, but in one way or another, the piece seemed out of words in the field of everything else.
The end of this film was also a little too saccharin for me, but I guess it's just Hollywood.
This film looks very much like your friends and your Neigbors (5. 5/10) and happiness (4. 5/10) in the concept and style, but it is a complete anthèse with regard to relatibility and theresemblance of the characters.
The characters in these films were too unique and inhuman so that anyone can worry, as opposed to this film, which offers rich and credible characters, living real lives and speaking of real problems in today's relationships.
Overall, this film offers many interesting characters, speaking and living authentic and engaging love lives, wonderful performances by its solid, too sweet distribution, but a pleasant and rewarded film.
Facts little known on this film and its stars: according to a story by London Sunday Mirror, Sean Connery only asked for $ 60, 000 for his role in this film, compared to his usual fees of $ 14 million because he loved the script so much.
In addition to that, he convinced his co-stars (including Gena Rowlands, Gillian Anderson, Ellen Burstyn, et al.) To do the same.
It is the director / writer Willard Carroll Second Real Foray in the world of "adult films".
Before that, he had written and produced many children's films.
Gillian Anderson is 5'2.
Angelina Jolie's full name is Angelina Jolie Voight.
She is the daughter of actor Jon Voight.
She trained and played at Lee Strasberg Theater Institute.
She divorced actor Jonny Lee Miller from Trainspotting (8. 5/10)
Fame in 1997.
They got married in 1995.
The full name of actor Ryan Phillippe is Matthew Ryan Phillippe.
He is 5'9 and spent his childhood in New Castle, Delaware.
His acting career started on "One Life to Live" on television.
He portrayed the first gay teenager on day television.
Jon Stewart's full name is Jonathan Stewart Leibowitz.
This film was originally right if they only knew and danced architecture.
Watch posters from Swingers movies (8. 5/10),
Chasing Amy (7/10) and the Massacre of the Texas chainsaw (8/10) in the cinema where the characters of Joan and Keenan go to their first appointment.