Towards the middle of "The Sweet below", a crowded school bus slips on a surface of the icy road as it bypassing a turn, is careful through the steel guard rail and disappears out of sight.
Then, in the long term, we see the vehicle slide slowly through what looks like a snowy field.
It stops for a moment before the "field" cracks under the weight of the bus and the bright yellow vehicle disappears in an effortless moment, a single second of smooth time.
Compare this scene, if you want, at the eighty minutes of "Titanic", when the giant flows slowly and spectacularly to its aqueous disappearance, and you will appreciate the futility of comparing the greatness in the films.
The scene of "The Sweet Cuest" embodies everything that goes well with the independent film of the Canadian director Atom Egoyan.
It is not sensational.
We do not see the interior of the bus with its useful and terrified children's payload being bloody and beaten.
The bus does not explode or do not explode in thousand tiny pieces.
He simply leaves the road and slips silently below the surface of a frozen lake.
It is a horrible sequence, especially since by calm and at a distance.
Using a non -linear approach to his story, Egoyan moves back over time, connecting the inhabitants of the small British town who were seriously affected by this tragedy.
Fourteen children died in the accident, leaving their parents and the city itself paralyzed with sorrow.
The catalyst at the center of the film is Ambulance Chaser Mitchell Stephens (a wonderfully moving performance by Ian Holm), which comes to Sam Dent to persuade the Townsfolk to engage in a collective recourse.
Stephens, who "does not believe in accidents", works as an observer concerned, involved details in his notebook and offering parents the opportunity to reach a kind of closure in the painful consequences.
Although Stephens' initial training can be financial (a third of the total regulation if he wins), his involvement offers him a more outlet to adapt to his own loss.
Her self -destructive and drug addict is in and outside the clinics, transitional houses and rehab for years.
Egoyan's attention to details and the ability to establish mood is so impeccable that even the sound of a bubbling bubbling resonates like a plaintive cry.
Mychael Danna, who composed the shimmering music for "The Ice Storm", contributes another memorable score that shivers and soak.
The cinematography of Paul Sosssy is just as impressive, capturing the imposition of Canadian mountain sides and the fogs with low support as beautifully as its dark interiors - in a scene, a brilliant wall calendar is used to illuminate parts of a room.
 "The sweet afterwards", although undeniably dark, urges the spectator to grasp life with both hands and not to let go.
It is a film of generous subtlety and emotion.