One of the funniest films of prosecution and the third with a medical framework.
The main story concerns Dr. James Nookey (Jim Dale) who is hated by his superiors, Frederick Carver, hospital manager (Kenneth Williams) and Dr.ernest Stoppidge (Charles Hawtrey) who seems to hate everyone.
They try to cause him as many problems in the hospital as possible and all the blame is posed on Noookey.
Carver learns a possible job opportunity of the rich Ellen Moore (Joan Sims) on a distant tropical island and passes Nookey.
When Nookey arrives on this island, he meets Gladstone Screwer (Sid James) who lived on the island almost his whole life.
The visor is in possession of a wonderful slimming drug based on natural ingredients.
Dr.Nookey returns with drugs in England and sets up a new slimming company with the financial support of Ellen Moore.
However, Nookey and Moore are facing the Lower's opposition who goes to England to take advantage of the medication, and Carver and Stoppidge who want to know the ingredients to create a rival medication.
The performance is all very commendable.
Sid James has a character slightly ambiguous to play this time and he excels in his role.
Kenneth Williams, as usual, plays the unpopular and cunning chief of the hospital.
Joan Sims is entertaining while the rich benefactor and Jim Dale should really lead the cast with his excellent performance of Bumpbling Nookey.
Charles Hawtrey plays a “out of character” role as Dr.Stoppidge, the villain and evil practitioner who wants to bring Noookey to fall from his perch.
Some criticisms have said that this combination of Hawtrey and Stoppidge does not work well, but I think that it gives at least a new role to play Hawtrey instead of the usual Dimwit characters.
In fact, Hawtrey is properly cunning in the game.
The other regulars in the film include Hattie Jacques as a Matron again (but this part is probably his most boring Matrone '' 'and Barbara Windsor as a break in love with Noookey and unofficial activist of Lib ", Goldie Locks.
Jacques and Windsor play their games well.
Patsy Rowlands briefly appears as Miss Fosdick, and there are very small cameos of Wilfrid Brambell (renown of "Steptoe and his") and Peter Butterworth.
The jokes are especially very funny, the story is quite attractive and the regulars seem interested in what they do.
Although it is another medical race film and some of the jokes are borrowed from previous films, it is still in the lead (this is the best medical report) due to the above factors.
A film to see essential.