Classified: R for strong language, sexual dialogue, drug use, raw humor, violence and a brief nudity.
Featuring: Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, Salma Hayek, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock, Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes, Jason Lee, George Carlin, Alanis Morissette.
Operating time: 130 minutes
Being a big fan of Kevin Smith, I expected a lot of his new "Dogma" project.
It may well be Kevin's best job to date.
It is very funny with an intelligent and rude dialogue, while, unexpected, he has a serious nuance and in addition to going against God and Jesus Christ, he actually tries to tell people that there are suchSomething rather than is not.
In 1994, a short film of $ 27 was created in Sundance.
This little film was called "Clerks" and this little film became a huge video feeling.
You really can't meet a person on this green earth who has not seen a "clerk".
He was praised by criticism as one of the best films of the year and soon a sequel arrives.
In 1995, Kevin made another film `` Mallrats '' which collapsed horribly, thought it was not the best film never made that it was a pretty good little film.
He was filmed by criticisms but praised by the public and in 1997, "Chasing Amy" was released and was the great success of Kevin to date.
Now in 1999, we get a great little film named "Dogma".
Wow! What a cast.
Ok, here is the intrigue in this film: Linda Fiorentino plays an ordinary woman who works in an abortion clinic.
One day in her house, Metatron (the voice of God) appears at her place to her surprise and tells her that she must stop two feet (Matt Damon and Ben Affleck) to get back to heaven by ways of a church.
OK now, get this, we tell him to find two prophets: the one who speaks a lot and the one who does not do so, but she gets Jay and Silent Bob instead (which gives us great performance).
Now on the way to the New Jersey with Jay and Silent Bob to try to stop the two angels, the 13th apostle falls from heaven (Chris Rock) and helps him guide her to find these angels.
Salma Hayek plays a serendipity that also helps her along the way.
Azrael (Jason Lee) who is a demon tries to help the two angels so that they can win.
Bethany (Linda Fiorentino) must now use the help of all these people to try to stop the angels before making a mistake towards the sky, leading to a violent and bloody end that will make you think twice in your faith.
What a film is all that was made in one: an offensive, quirky, intelligent and sassy comedy that surprisingly has an excellent message in the end, and ends up being a well-being film.
Who would have known that Kevin had such a sweet side about him who could let us know that he is himself a faithful person.
Now, for those of you who are offended by this film should really not take it to heart.
Yes, this may target the Catholic community and hit them a lot, but it also seems rather than going against God and heaven, it actually goes with God and Kevin gives a message that there is a god.
This criticism may seem confusing at first, but really the only way to understand it is to see this excellent film.
Kevin goes to new lengths of this hilarious comedy and gives us great characters with not too much background or study and we rather start to know the characters while we watch the film.
Of course, the best (and the funniest) of all is the only duo in the story that made me fall from my chair to laugh and that my friends are Jay and Silent Bob.
Probably the best characters in the movies I love.
The star casting is incredible and has other cameo from George Carlin, Jeanne Garafolo and there are therefore more than we start to lose track after a certain time.
The script was written by Kevin Smith with many F'ords of course and a strong emphasis on sexual speeches, but it also seems to focus on what is important rather than what does not make us and makes us laugh at the same timetime that we ink .
Chris Rock gives a hilarious performance and enters very well in his character, with a few classic lines.
Linda Fiorentino is just perfect for her role and makes us believe that she is really who she is.
Of course, Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith do an excellent job as Jay and Silent Bob with priceless lines from Jay (as well as Silent Bob).
Alan Rickman, Jason Lee, Salma Hayek complete the cast with Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in the main roles.
Being Oscar winners for the classic `Good Will Hunting '', they give great performances here, but Matt Damon seems just a little selected and for me has not given everything he could.
Ben, however, was all out and took his character a lot as well as the story.
The only big defect in the film is that he has a few funny lines and some slow parts to accompany him.
However, Kevin's management and Kevin's script as well as the invaluable performance on the part of many actors, "Dogma" is a new classic and I think that I can compare it safely with "clerks".
While being funny sometimes, at the end, it becomes a serious film with an important message with which some may not agree but cannot deny it.
The "dogma" will offend people, especially deeply religious people, but for those of you who are open -minded and who want to see very funny material, it is the film for you.
All Kevin Smith fans must see !!