Metro I saw San Francisco in films several times.
There was the 1994 interview with The Vampire and more recently The Rock.
Now, again, San Francisco is the framework for this film.
Eddie Murphy embodies Inspector Scott ROPER of the SFPD. He is their best hostage negotiator and the best in what he does.
When his best friend on the strength is killed by Joe (Michael Wincott, in a great performance), a psychotic jewelry thief, Roger makes his mission to capture the guy before embarking again.
Meanwhile, Roper tries to rekindle a relationship with his ex-British friend friend Veronica, while helping to raise a new one and a come of Swat who is a sniper and a sniper (Michael Rappaport).
Despite the compulsory cop film scenes (each COP / new partner film must start in the same way?)
where the SGT.
Affects a partner to roper, Roper confronts the Sarge, etc., this film is still a hell of a explosive journey.
A scene involving a cable car must be seen to be believed and has incredible car waterfalls.
Eddie Murphy shines in this tailor -made role, and for once, his character shows depth and concern.
When you confront Joe in prison, you can feel anger drips with each word.
Michael Rappaport is essentially disposable.
It is useless, except to be a boyfriend in Murphy and deactivate in the final coil so that Eddie can save the day.
Typical action escape rate.
Michael Wincott offers the best performance as a crazy killer and Joe jewelry thief.
Never before I saw such a villain written like this where I could really believe that it was serious and take it seriously.
Maybe I was just thinking that this role was different due to Wincott's perfectly raucous voice.
I don't know .
What I know, however, is that although the metro is essentially a typical action recutation, it manages to cover a new land and shed light on the old tired shots.
The film is a triumph, and entertaining to that.
It does not wind or does not lie down with its main character.
Two pleasant hours, the metro is pleasant, full of spirit, full of action and fun, and is a great action film perfect for all of us who need an escape from reality.