There are some people in the world who have talents that very few people have, but they have chosen not to take advantage of them for a personal reason.
 "Good Will Hunting" concerns one of these people.
The hunt for the will of the title (horrible) (let's face it, this film would be a dog for the title), played by the co-author Matt Damon, is a mathematical genius.
He can do almost any mathematical known since about the time it takes to prepare a cup of Irish cream cappuccino.
And he works at the mit ... as a concierge.
One day, the professor of one of the most difficult courses, Professor Lambeau (Breaking The Waves "Stellan Skarsg? RD), puts a big problem on the board of directors so that his students are trying to finish.
The next day, it's already done on the board, but no one in his class pretends to have done it.
So Lambeau puts another problem on the board of directors, this time who took him and his colleagues for two years to prove.
And, Duh is redone.
Of course, they catch the guy who did it in red - Will.
Before Lambeau could find Will (he fled when he caught him), Will fought with a pile of punks on a basketball court and hit a police officer, so LaMbeau takes him off with probation withTwo agreements: one) He works with him on mathematics, and b) he obtains therapy.
After having traveled certain therapists which he expresses in one way or another (for a hypnotist, he simulates under his spell, then embarks on an impromptu performance of the classic of the 70s, "afternoon delight").
Finally, the former college of Lambeau, Sean McGuire (Robin Williams), professor of psyche, agrees to treat him, and the two begin a difficult relationship, while Sean tries to open the will.
It turns out that Will had an agitated childhood, abandoned and placed in reception houses and whatever it is.
It also turns out that Will does not want to make simple mathematics all his life; he wants a challenge.
And it is to go out with his buds (including the other co-series, Ben Affleck), and to make honorable jobs, such as construction.
Is it fair to have this genius follow in the footsteps of Einstein and Kasinsky?
Should this guy be forced to do something he doesn't want to do?
This seems to be one of the millions of questions in this film, which is full of magnitude, but does not have the entire completely brilliant that it should.
I am not saying at all "good will" is a bad film.
It is a very pleasant film with tons of great moments, and many big things about this.
The game is incredible, with two performances worthy of an nomination for Damon and Williams, which have incredible chemistry together.
We also get excellent support from Stellan Skarsg? RD (big name), Ben Affleck, and Minnie Driver, who plays the romantic interest of Will, Skylar.
There are tons of individual moments that I loved.
I loved all the comedy of the film, in particular a scene where Damon proves a schmuck of a student who quotes a historian to impress some chicks, his various attempts at therapy, and of course, my favorite scene throughout the film,The one where he delivers a long extensive diatriber to certain NSA agents on the disadvantage of working for them.
I liked the relationship between some people, such as Will and Skylar, Will and Sean, Sean and Lambeau, and Will and his friends.
There are scenes between them which are simply incredible to watch.
And there are even moments in the film which are so honest in their representation, that I rightly felt uncomfortable.
Like the breaking scene between Will and Skylar, Will and Sean's first meeting, a bar scene between Sean and Lambeau, and a scene where Sean tells in detail how he does not regret having met his first wife, who will sufferLater a slow, painful dead, and leave it alone and slightly bitter.
However, the main defect in the film is that there is too much of everything, and not enough either.
The film tries deeper relationships between the characters, but they are sometimes crushed or subscribed.
Take for example the relationship between Sean and Will: the film obtains an interesting father / son as well as the doctor / patient relationship with problems, but when he tries to show them as equals, he falls on his face.
We hear how they went to the same city, and there are even scenes where the film shows how hypocritical they are.
But that never takes off as the other parts of their relationship do.
In addition, Will's relationship with his best friend, Chuckie (Affleck), has a good highlight, but not enough rising action.
We see them joking, but when Chuckie arrives at a decision between the two, it looks more like a superficial reasoning than a more selected reasoning.
Their relationship is never going beyond "best friends", and its decision seems to be a generalization of two best friends instead of something more ... human.
Maybe it was just me.
And this also applies to a parallelism with the relationship between Sean and Lambeau, but that again is subscribed.
And, of course, as in most films like this, the girl / boy relationship is quite subscribed.
We never understand what they see in each other, so when Skylar admits that she loves him, it seems more than it is for the details of the intrigue than anything else.
Minnie Driver is however interesting and breathes life into her character.
The writing is a little at fault here, but what makes it all worth it are the little moments of the film where it has a real genius.
Of course, he feels crushed, but it's extremely pleasant.
The dialogue that Affleck and Damon wrote was incredibly fresh and seems extremely human.
I think they should obtain an appointment for their script mainly because of the dialogue, which is incredible.
Although it is probably the most conservative film of director Gus Van Sant (you would hardly know that it is the same director of "To Dore For", the only film Van Sant that I really saw), it isAlways a fairly remarkable film, although Quetad surface (what is this "best offer"?).
And if a film puts a smile on my face despite a large number of faults, I have no problem recommending it to anyone.