Do cinema criticisms have morality?
Are there unwritten laws that an ethical cinema critic would or should follow?
Of course, we do not want to enter a film with preconceived notions, which is quite difficult but something that we all have to do.
Second, and in the same line, we cannot prejudge a film because of its stars, directors, etc. The difference?
Well, in the first, we were going in a film thinking it's going to be stupid or it's going to be good, and it would affect our visualization (this film rings and looks stupid, so I don't expectthing).
On the other hand, we simply assume that it will be bad or good because of a personal "resentment" against the film society (is it made by Disney?
Oh, it's just a merchandising ploy then), the actors (Jim Carrey is there?
It's okay!), Or the director (who?
cannot be so good).
This is more of a biased point of view as opposed to a first impression point of view.
make sense?
Ok, but what about comparing?
Isn't that in the same direction?
When we compare a certain actor or director or even the credibility of a composer in one film to another in which they were involved, is it really fair?
Of course, in the aftermath, you can expect and accept the comparisons much more, but what about Jackie Brown, for example?
Is it just for me to take the exam and transform it into comparison of Pulp Fiction, simply because Quentin Tarantino directed and written the script for both?
I think it's the case, and I'll tell you why.
A good criticism should be able to see the film from the point of view "Joe (or Jane)" average ", while taking into account artistic integrity behind the film.
Sometimes it can be difficult.
 "The game was superb, but I was bored" or "I loved it !!
It was so cheezy! "
could be used to describe a film.
These are contradictions, and a critic must weigh both sides and achieve an appropriate balanced criticism.
But what is the most important?
And what is the best?
An extremely well -turned and played film that is boring, or a really amateur film that you want to come back again and again?
To return to the point, my philosophy on the comparison of films being fair works because we reflect what the public wants to know anyway.
Each average person who is interested in this film is likely to ask "How does he compare himself to Pulp Fiction?"
And so, as a criticism, I am already responsible for asking this same question.
Jackie Brown features Pam Grier, the "Blaxploitation" heroine of the 1970s, which is likely to make a comeback thanks to her role as title character.
Tarantino Pulp Fiction is largely responsible for the sudden recovery of John Travolta in the film industry, and with discussions on an Oscar appointment, the same goes for giring.
 (We have made the n ° 1 comparison!) Jackie is a 44-year-old hostess of the airline who brings additional money, and probably her main income, by making big sums of money in the United States forOrdell Robbie (Pulp Fiction’s Sssamuel L.
Orderll is one of the illegal firearms activities and has collected the help of Louis Gara (Robert de Niro), a bank thief who has just left prison after having served four years, to help him carry out a programworth half a million dollars.
Problems arise when Jackie is stopped by the ATF agent, Ray Nicolet (Michael Keaton) and placed in police custody for the possession of narcotics, as well as to have more money than what is authorized at an airportwithout being claimed.
Naturally, this turns out to be an obstacle to order plans and, not as sympathetic as we hope, he displays Jackie's deposit after being placed behind bars.
The fact is that Orderll is there for anyone more than himself, and as we learn from his previous actions, he is ready to kill anyone.
Jackie finds himself in tight pressure.
Orderll will not think twice before removing it if it cannot help it because it is still by train E, however, at the same time, a compromise with the authorities would be in order if evidence against Ordell were provided.
Does this come down to a simple question: does Jackie prefer to face orderll or prison?
What follows is a rich and intriguing example of narration when we wonder who Jackie is really there to help: law, order or perhaps just itself.
Entering the game is another veteran from the 70s, Robert Forster as bonds of jackie, Max Cherry.
Max's obvious tenderness for Jackie will become a major benefactor in his fight to beat both sides of the system, and Forster plays it with a subtle charm that adds depth to unknown romance.
Melanie (Bridget Fonda), a daughter of Ditzy Blanchi, a daughter of Ditzy, a daughter of Ditzy, a daughter of Ditzy Sun.
Fonda made her best with an essentially thin role, but there is nothing more for her, and therefore, she becomes an addition thrown to a bouquet of otherwise flourishing characters.
De Niro is also wasted in his role of tranquility of sharpness to mark a few dollars for himself.
De Niro is a brilliant actor, but a character who almost never speaks does not need one of Niro to play it.
Compared to Pulp Fiction (comparison # 3), the characters of Jackie Brown and very thin and replaceable.
In Pulp Fiction, even the apparently non -relevant little characters were wonderful, complete and realistic, while Jackie Brown has so common personalities that it would not have suffered much from a less talented talented distribution, the exception being more gray.
Tarantino wrote this script with giring specifically to the mind, so saying that it is made for this role is an inverted truth.
Unfortunately, Grier also could have received a little more attention, especially when history concerns its newly gauge perception of life.
Jackson teams up again with Tarantino, but the chemical reaction is not as great as the first time.
Jules was the biblical and biblical hitman in Pulp Fiction, and Jackson is the only person who could have removed him.
And although Jackson is really, really good at Jackie Brown, I don't think he is so irreplaceable.
In fact, maybe a new face would have been better.
Jackson could have remained Jules de Tarantino, and a new guy could have become orderll, forever to remain so in our memories.
Unfortunately, these characters are too the same, except that Ordell is simply not as impressive, and put it in Jackson's hands will only dissuade our memories of Jules.
Another problem is that Ordell is far too focused on the start.
This is the Grier's film, so why spend so long knowing a man who will become more a support character as the film progresses?
It does not only the film a little too tilted, but that makes a slow start because we have to take longer to reach the meat in history.
It is likely that those who pour into the theater to see this film will be those who are impatient to participate in the eccentric dialogue of Tarantino and the style of eccentric staging, and not so much those who wish to see an adaptation to the silver screenFrom the novel by Elmore Leonard "Rum Punch".
For these film buffs, do not expect another pulp fiction and you will be satisfied, because the script oozes with the cheeky qualities which made Tarantino an icon of the production of films from the 90s.
The staging has diminished a little, but we always remember that it is Tarantino's film thanks to devices and narrative scenes with strange school screen several times from different points of view.
So, returning to the question with which I started, it is not at all Pulp Fiction.
It is good, but it is not something that made pulp fiction a revolutionary effort in the first place.
It is a more conservative Tarantino, but not the one that does not satisfy real fans.
If you can realize that this will not eliminate your socks, then you will be happy to The least let it massage your feet.
After all, we all know how Tarantino loves this particular part of human anatomy.