You have to love Disney.
No matter what they serve, it is a guaranteed success as long as it is animated.
Children must go see the film.
Then they have to get the toys.
Oh, the video was released?
I have to buy it, or risk Little Billy's anger crisis for next month.
All this culminates in the equivalent of the childhood of a pilgrimage to Mecca: a visit to the Magic Kingdom.
Stay at the Disneyland hotel!
Buy a Disney T-shirt!
Eat a mickey mouse with ice cream on a stick!
It is both a vertical and horizontal monopoly when you think about it.
Dale Carnegie should have had so well.
What is most surprising is that all this success is despite a serious lack of originality.
You see, the animated Disney features today have two components: the theme and the intrigue.
The theme changes with each new film; the intrigue does not do so.
The intrigue is a mold in which the characters of an old fable are abandoned, and try as they can rise above the characters from the previous characteristics, they are almost always intended to do more than the same thing.
However, although the success of a Disney animated function is generally given with regard to box office receipts, dollars of merchandise and sparkle them in the eyes of small children, they are as varied as everything that Hollywood has toto offer.
Fortunately, Disney's last animated offer, Mulan, manages to be engaging and refreshing, even when it is in the grip of the formula.
The film begins with the invasion of ancient China by the Huns, led by the imposing Shan-Yu (Miguel Ferrer).
Soon, the Chinese emperor (Pat Morita) mobilizes his armies and decrees that a man in each family in the country is used to fight in the defense of China.
When the FA family is signified, it is the elderly father, Fa Zhou (Soon-Tek Oh) who must answer the call, because there are no other men in the household.
Fearing that his father was surely killed in combat, Fa Mulan (Ming-Na Wen) disguises himself as a man and sneaks with the royal orders to join the Chinese army.
Mulan, based on a Chinese epic poem, is a classic story of the triumph of the ugly Canetons.
Mulan herself is a shame for her loving family, because she finds it difficult to integrate into the role of traditional women, and in a very funny scene where a contribution is trying to assess her value to a potential husband, weLet us see that "grace" is not one of its strengths.
Very early on, we are presented with the great importance of honoring his family, and by building his chance to gain the favor of the contribution, Mulan failed this task.
Leaving the house to fight with her father, she can not only save her life, but also bring honor.
As is the case with most Disney musicals, the songs are first -rate and omnipresent throughout the film.
I do not know if they will get a lot of diffusion, but at least one of the songs will undoubtedly receive recognition at the Oscar.
Lea Salonga, which provides the singing voice of Mulan, and Donny Osmond who sings for Shang, the captain of the Mulan army unity and compulsory love interest, are more than competent, although the Salonga voice isTranslated much better in animation.
You have to hear it to understand.
Interestingly, the musical figures which are so often made with great fulfillments are surprisingly attenuated in Mulan.
There is no significantly important number, which is usual as the second or third song of a Disney film, but that does not significantly harm the rest of the film.
However, this is an expectation that has been built by Disney's history of formula, and some viewers can feel like something lacks.
On the artistic level, the animators have chosen to adopt the most moderate pastels of Chinese works of art, and although it is not up to the vibrance thus associated with many other Disney works, it helps tocontribute a more authentic and therefore more credible nature to what can be other Een as a typically "DisneyFied" ethnic tale.
There are also a few visually remarkable scenes, an implying Hun-of Shan-Yu's army load, which uses the same computer-improved images that Disney has used the chandelier in style and in stupid.
The other scene that deserves to be mentioned is so fast that you might miss it.
When Mulan decides to take the place of her father, she puts on her father's former battle armor and unleashes a sword.
In doing so, you can see his reflection in polished metal.
It just let me think: "It was really cool."
A wonderful range of performances delights the public throughout the film, varying from the straight line, such as soon to be as Fa Zhou, like Harvey Prierstein like Yao, a gruff pugilist member of the conscript army ofShang.
Eddie Murphy is even more scandalous like Mushu, the little Dragon goalkeeper sent to take care of Mulan.
Although an obvious attempt to relive the chemistry brought by Robin Williams to Aladdin, Murphy nevertheless distinguished himself from his own winning performance.
I found the choice of b.d.
Wong as a little strange Shang (you may remember him as an assistant of Martin Short's wedding planner in the bride's father), but they used Robbie Benson for the voice of the beast in beautyAnd the beast, so I suppose everything is possible.
In any event, Wong also occurs admirably.
A character who provides a significant amount of humor is the grandmother FA.
It deserves recognition not only because of the lightness it brings to the film, but also because it is expressed by two very remarkable people.
June Foray, who provides the speaking voice of grandmother FA, is a venerable voice actress who is perhaps best known for her work like Rocky the Squirrel and Natasha Fatale (as in Boris and Natasha).
Marni Nixon, who provides the singing voice of grandmother FA, is the same singer who nicknamed Anna's voices in The King and I, Maria in West Side Story, and Eliza in my beautiful lady.
In this spirit, hearing grandmother Fa is like listening to a little piece of history.
Mulan is the last Disney animated feature to move away from some of the Eurocentrism that dominated Disney films for so long.
In an effort to be culturally sensitive (and to avoid a "Miss Saigon" type debacle), Disney has also judiciously chosen to use many Asian-American actors for the main and supported roles.
In addition to the actors already mentioned, the cast includes omnipresent talents like James Hong, Gedde Watanabe, James Shigeta and George Takei.
I guess Clyde Kusatsu was not available.
At an operating time slightly less than an hour and a half, Mulan moves quickly and offers solid entertainment for children and, fortunately, adults.
This is the kind of Disney feature that makes you ask you what they will do next, rather than hoping that the next one is better.