The "Lancelot of the Lake" of the French director without compromise Robert Bressson "has exactly the opposite effect of" Morte Darthur "by Sir Thomas Malory.
Instead of consecrating the legend of King Arthur and his knights of the round table, he dethrones them by revealing Arthur as a weak and ineffective leader and the knights as a group of jealous men and bickering who were notup to the legends prescribed to them.
The chivalry has no place in "Lancelot of the Lake", except that of a dying ideal.
Bresson begins his story while the knights of the round table return, decimated, after having failed the Merlin order to recover the Holy Grail, the mystical cup which was filled with the blood of Christ.
Bresson immediately gives us its impression of the essential meaning of the quest for the Grail: bloodshed and failure.
The opening sequence is a series of clumsy and disjointed fights among the anonymous knights - a head is hacked, a stomach is impaled, a skull is open, skeletal remains suspended from trees, and burning bodies flowing in the ruins of'A flamboyant house.
Since the film begins with Camelot in quasi-rugged and only takes one hour and a half to reach its inevitable conclusion, it does not carry the great tragic resonance of other arthurian films.
We never see Camelot at the top of his power, so there is no real fall to testify.
But, again, it is not the name of Camelot that is mentioned in the title of the film.
It is rather Lancelot, and Bresson is more interested in the internal battle in his heart, than the external fall of a kingdom.
Lancelot has always been a tragic figure of arthurian tales, and Bressson uses it as a central figure to explore the battle between the spirit and the flesh.
The greatest of all the knights, he was only defective in his love for Arthur's wife, Queen Guinevere, and it was this illicit affair that ultimately caused the fall of Camelot.
Even when Lancelot tries to end the case with Guenièvre (Laura Duke Condominas), he only finds himself falling back into his arms against his best judgment.
He knows that this means the destruction of the idealized kingdom, but he is powerless in his passion.
When Sir Mordred (Patrick Bernhard) accuses Lancelot of the case, other knights, including Sir Gawain (Humbert Balsan) Printemps at La Défense de Lancelot.
It is this battle inside the knights which is the possible hard of the round table; the flesh prevails over the mind, and the consequences are disastrous.
Bresson is an intensely personal filmmaker most interested in the interiors of the heart and the mind of men.
 "Lancelot of the Lake" is filled with its particular marks: a stripped and minimalist style, a flat and expression dialogue and a great use of natural sounds in place of music.
He only uses background music only twice in the film, during an opening narrative segment and during the opening credits.
Music here is a heavy drum and the accompaniment of corneals, but the rest of the film is marked with natural sounds that punctuate the thematic elements of the film: the incessant clan and the rascal, and the natural chirping and the whisper of the forest.
Like most of his other films, Bresson has used unprofessional actors who recite dialogue in voices without emotion and flat.
All the actors he used in "Lancelot of the Lake" had never acted before, and with the exception of Patrick Bernhard, they never acted.
Never once, they raised their voice or do not focus on a given word.
Instead of using the vocal inflection, Bresson tried to create an emotion through images.
In some respects, this technique works; in other respects, this is not the case.
The final assembly of Arthur's men fighting is quite wonderful, and the final image of knights in brilliant armor reduced to a literal scrap metal sums up the whole Film in an instant.
However, other times Bressson's uncompromising methods are distracting and questionable.
For example, during an important jousting competition, Bresson films the majority of the action so that the only visible things are the legs of the horses.
He does it several times, opening each blow with the same notes of a bagpipe and the lifting of a different flag.
Although there can be symbolic value, the resulting experience can be embarrassing.
Nevertheless, "Lancelot of the Lake" is a fascinating cinematographic experience boldly made by a master filmmaker.
Bresson's style may not be for everyone, but you have to respect your strength as an artist.
By re -evaluating arthurian legends and by making them his, he transforms "Lancelot of the Lake" into something rare in modern cinema: a really personal film.