I am continuously surprised by films like this.
That some producers would waste an abundance of talents and money on a script as abyssal as it is Boggeling, but it seems to happen today.
 "Wild Wild West" is a beautifully filmed, well -played and well -directed piece of garbage; and its insipid scenario is completely at fault.
In short, this film is a laugh without laughter.
So many jokes fall flat that she is surreal.
The high production values prevent it from being a total fiasco, but it is always quite boring.
Will Smith plays Jim West, an old Western variation, R&B of the character of James Bond.
West is associated with Artemus Gordon (Kevin Kline), and they are roughly polar oppositions: West prefers to solve his problems with a range of balls, Gordon traditionally promotes a more pacifist approach.
Talk about deeply developed characters.
In any case, this leads to inevitable conflicts between methodologies, none of which is funny.
The year is 1869.
Several high -level scientists have been removed and the suspected culprit is a former unhappy Confederate General, Bloodbath McGrath (Ted Levine).
President Grant sends West and Gordon to investigate.
There is evidence that McGrath is witnessing a kind of confederate meeting in Louisiana.
West and Gordon show up and learn that McGrath actually works for Dr.arliss Loveless (Kenneth Branagh), another former unhappy Confederate.
It turns out that Loveless plans to use the combined knowledge of science to create the ultimate super weapon, which he will use to conquer the United States.
I would go further with the plot, but there is no point.
The story of this film is hardly more than a mixed and funny disorder.
I only laughed at a few jokes, then lightly.
There is not a really funny moment in this film, and it is quite disastrous when you consider that it is mainly a comedy.
As I said, the fault is totally that of the script.
When you consider their respective roles, Will Smith and Kevil Kline do as well as they could have done.
The tracks could have been played Samuel L.Jackson and Robert de Niro and the film would have always been horrible.
No one, and I mean nobody, can make a line like "bye bye, Mr. Knife Guy!"
sounds good.
However, this film has a lot for that visually.
The design is fantastic, perhaps even Oscar worthy of Oscar.
Michael Ballhaus' cinematogrophy (which was also behind the camera in the brilliant "goodfellas" by Martin Scorsese), is absolutely magnificent.
He lends the film an exciting and comical book look that is well necessary.
I will not blame Barry Sonnenfeld either.
He does an excellent job to direct the procedure, but, as the rest of the people involved in the film, there is really nothing that he can do to correct his only major defect.
Although it is beautifully done, the "Wild Wild West" becomes quite annoying after halfway.
The appeal of the visuals ends well before the film.
If "Wild Wild West" did not seem so beautiful, it would be almost unbearable.
As it stands, it's a bit tolerable, but not very entertaining.
It hurts to give a film as well a partition as low, but there is nothing worse than a funny comedy.