In double danger, the issues are high.
Consider the plot as a new recovery with the enemy, then reorganize the details and gender of the harasser.
The finished product, although capable of maintaining the viewer's attention, is a predictable and not exciting thriller with an idiotic script.
`Alex, I will take a homicide for $ 400 ... ''
Libby Parsons (Ashley Judd) is a fortunately married mother leading a normal life.
One night, her husband Nick (Bruce Greenwood) takes her for a romantic escape on a sailboat.
Libby wakes up in the middle of the night to see that it is covered with blood and Nick has strangely disappeared.
She follows a trail of bloody imprints to the bridge, where she manages a fallen knife (like any stupid character) and is spotted by the Coast Guard, which responds to a distress signal sent earlier in the evening.
Nick is presumed dead, and although she pleads her innocence, Libby is tried and sentenced to the murder of her husband.
Now please don't think I spoil the details of vital plots, because the informative trailer has already overthrown most beans.
If you have not seen this overview, do not read further.
But seriously, the insane scenario of Douglas Weisberg and Douglas S.Cook is so elementary that the average spectator will have two or three stages ahead of the characters.
During the most vital scenes in the film, I planned each twist or "surprise" which finally arose on the screen.
I imagine that the writers presume that their main audience for the double incrimination is a very naive group of individuals.
Most, unfortunately, will be too distracted by the agonizing plot to appreciate the few positive aspects of production.
One is Tommy Lee Jones, who embodies Travis Lehman, a parole officer who was tedious to watch over Libby after serving his sentence in prison.
Jones is always wonderful as a figure of authority, and he certainly knows this kind of role (as he played so well in the fugitive and American marshals).
Judd, as a sympathetic enthusiasm with enthusiasm, also has the opportunity to flex her acting capacities.
Although unconvincing, the actress is extremely fun in her juvenile role, raising the film as an injection of antidepressant.
The actors and their relationship together present the one-two punch which prevents the double danger of derailing entirely.
And now, let's go back to the plot.
Although behind bars, Libby learns some interesting information: a person cannot be sentenced for the same crime twice.
This law, called "Double Jeopardy", could be her reason to track down her husband ...
which can still be alive.
Yes, you heard right.
The film degenerates into a fund's prosecution, where everything you expect ...
do .
The final scenes, which could have bought the film, are poorly managed by director Bruce Beresford - whose previous work focuses on the drama (leading Miss Daisy, Paradise Road).
Ironically, these are these elements - like the driving force of Libby to find his son - which does not work quite here.
At least the double danger is fairly well punctuated to satisfy unconditional fans of the two stars.
Unfortunately, Jones does not have a part of the advantage he had as Sam Gerard in the fugitive, and the true depth of his character is only deep of the skin.
But he and Ashley Judd are more than welcome by considering the equipment, and the two have memorable comic moments.
Judd, in particular, has a hilarious scene in which she keeps a man coming in the opposite direction by explaining that she must verify with her "parole officer".
Hmmm ...
Maybe it would have made a good comedy.
It is disappointing, because there is the creation of a competent action film here.
It is well turned and choreographed in downtown Vancouver, and will entertain those who are not deactivated by the bad line.
 ? It's a shame that double danger is an adult thriller This would not deceive most children.