"Pokemon 3: The Movie" has a lot of bad things.
First of all, it is a heavy mess of the plot that has bad vocal talents, a badly written script and a fantastic animation.
The first film was released at the end of 1999 and was a huge success that raised nearly $ 90 million at the national level.
A suite quickly followed and even made $ 45 million.
Warner released his third film based on video games and extremely popular television series and it is a waste of time and celluloid.
This time, Ash Ketchum and his friends are on the way to the battles of Johto (that my little brother told me that the new spin-off was "Pokemon: The Johto Journeys" So go to understand) anyway, he enters intoContact with a young girl whose father disappeared disappeared to have tried to discover the non-Bas.
They are small Pokemon with a powerful punch and have great psychic capacities.
The non-bass bring together their psychic capacities and create a powerful legendary Pokémon that bars the house of Young Molly and creates all the wishes she wants.
Now, it is up to Ash and his friends to stop this Pokémon Enii and show him a good Pokémon rather than a bad.
Too much really that it was a bad film, surprisingly the first film was entertaining and somewhat absorbent, the second was a piece of trash can and it is almost between the two.
He has good qualities (animation, message at the end) but the faults seem to dominate the goods.
I still do not know what is the great thing about Pokémon, these are small ugly animals that speak their own name for their language (in addition to Meowth, my favorite) and you do not understand what they say.
My little brother thought that the film was incredible, and I looked and I asked him, or what Pokemon it was.
His answer was a big conference on how that's it, and that's it ... he
Of course, put me in my place.
With the second and third film being bad, I have a pokemon 4 feeling: the film could also be a total bust.
 "Pokemon 3: The Movie" has buying qualities for children, and Pokémon fans will dig every minute of this film.
For these parents and / or siblings who must sit through it ... Bring a pillow.