According to a major baseball league radio program, featuring the playman Harry Canary and Color Man Whitey Hashbrown, with the special guest commentator James Berardinelli.
HC: While we go to the top of the 8th, we are joined in the stand by the film critic James Berardinelli, which is here fresh to see the new baseball film, Major League: Back to the Minors, the third of the popularSAGA Takeun Lighter Regard on the majors.
Delighted to see you, Jim.
As a big baseball fan and film critic, can you give us the scoop on the new film?
JB: My opinion: The producers should have stopped while they were ahead, and it was nine years ago.
An entry was certainly sufficient, and I am surprised that there was a third after the anemic projection and the low quality of Major League 2. This last episode has all the sleeves of something that should have been published directly-Video.
It's worse than a mediocre feature for television.
I must also mention that this film will probably not play so well in Cleveland.
Now that the real Indians are sustainable contenders, they have been replaced by the Minnesota twins like the cinematographic bags.
In fact, most of the action involves the Club des Leagues AAA des Twins, the buzz, rather than the major league franchise.
HC: Sorry to interrupt, Jim, but we still have to play for the game on the field.
John Warren leads this round.
He enters the shot box and takes Kent for the first.
Wh: So the story is strictly minor, right?
What is it about ?
JB: Scott Bakula, the guy of Quantum Leap, plays the launcher of the minor league in career Gus Cantrell.
When Twins Owner Roger Dorn, Once Again Portrayed by Corbin Bernsen, Needs a New Manager for His Aaa Team, HE Offers the Job to Gus, Who is Now Faced with Two Daunting Tasks: Turn the Team Around and Groom Hot Prospect Downtown Anderson (PlayedparWalt Goggins) for a promotion to "The Show".
With the help of the former major Pedro Cerrano (Dennis Haysbert), Rube Baker (Eric Bruskotter) and Isuro Tanaka (Takaaki Ishibashi), Gus gets the buzz on the right track.
In fact, he was so successful that he won the enmity of the jealous manager of the Grande League club, Leonard Huff (played with the exaggerated relish of Ted McGinley).
Soon, Dorn organized an exhibition game which opposed the Gus -favored group against Huff's heap in Huff.
Wh: Can we guess who wins?
JB: The results have all the suspense to watch the video band of a game where you have already seen the box score.
In addition to that, none of the models are presented with a lot of flair.
They are not only boring; they are dull.
But major league films have never been on theater or tension; they have consumed baseball situations to generate laughter.
HC: Warren is angry with a quick ball.
1 and 1.
Wh: Are there a lot of yuks in this one?
JB: Not one, from start to finish.
I appreciated the first major league because it was reasonably fresh and funny.
Okay, many jokes were in Sophomoric, but they made me laugh.
The two suites were not simply outdated, but their humor quotient was abyssally low.
Even the once rejected one-liners of Bob Uecker have become lame, and they are the closest that the film is even vaguely fun.
HC: Here is the launch 1-1.
Looooooong drive? Just or idiot?
The counting goes to 1 and 2.
Wh: Does the film get at least the details of correct baseball?
JB: Yes.
There are no blatant errors as there were in one of the best baseball films, the natural.
But I would gladly exchange a technically precise film for one with a good story, credible characters or even a little authentic humor.
Heck, the naked pistol is a better baseball comedy than the major league: return to minors.
Wh: It's nice to see old friends once again, right?
Like Cerrano, Tanaka and Dorn.
JB: depends on Wh Ether, you really care that anyone is back.
There are no real characters here? Just an assortment of cliché quirks.
Yeah, the Voodoo striker, the recipient who cannot return to the launcher, the Japanese player and the vain player who has become the owner all returned, but who really cares?
They have no depth.
Notable absences include Tom Berenger's veteran and "Wild Thing" by Charlie Sheen.
But we don't really miss them.
HC: Breaking Ball, stockings and outside.
2 and 2.
Wh: So you say that we should miss it?
JB: It's true.
To use baseball terminology, this is a three -step withdrawal.
If you are looking for a good film that involves baseball, try to burst the Field of Dreams, Bull Durham or even the first major League of the VCR.
In fact, this is a strange version, because baseball fans are likely to spend more time in parks than in theaters.
Even the seasons of minor leagues are already underway.
Do not bother with the major league: return to minors.
It is a miserable time.
Wh: Thanks for the advice.
JB: You are welcome.
HC: And here is the 2-2 launch.
Encouraged, directly in this stand.
Hey, Jim, direct!
Oops .
Someone better get them ice for that.
He may be good at diverting bad baseball films, but he needs to learn not to immerse himself in nausea bullets.
Weird how Warren seemed to target this ball directly on him, almost as if he had a grudge to settle.
Anyway, back to action on the field?