The shots on the dark roofs suggest a very Tim Burton film, but, alas, no Capé crusaded descends to save * this * film.
Instead, it is a skeletal house woman (Julia Roberts) who must testify to this unfortunate story of "Dr.
Jekyll and Mr.Hyde. "
For some ephemeral and exasperating moments, the director Stephen Frears (dangerous links) obtains all the good - the tone, the colors, the characters; all the ingredients to make a most powerful potion of the best -selling novel by Valerie Martin.
However, he sparkles too quickly; the volatile mixture losing the power of the very first scene.
The casting is a large part of the problem.
The story sticks almost around MS.Roberts - It does not have the range for this kind of drama.
Her accent also goes and goes, although he is far from as blatant as the total lack of chemistry between her and the co-star John Malkovich.
 (He has the same appearance in his two roles - an incredible fact that is missing everyone in history!)
The British British support cast - including Michael Gambon and George Cole - gives credibility to the smaller parts.
Glenn Close also appears as a madam that the right doctor calls.
His performance is as close to the intentional camp as the film and - as a bonus - offers a probable glance at its next city cruella in the live dalmanations 101.
The biggest Botch by Mary Reilly is the suspense: there is none.
No terror, no tension; nothing.
Without any weight, or wonder to propel the story, the spectator finds himself with a little more than paying attention to the details of the period, a few buckets of blood and the fabulously Morneous production of Stuart Craig.
All this ages after about an hour, how much I recommend leaving.
 (The rhythm in the second half is particularly abominable.
If you * do * tightens it, your only reward is a special effect with half HOKEY representing infamous transformation.)
M.FREARS would have recovered his film several times, missing several dates of release in the process.
 (Obviously, no one advised him to throw his hands and return the whole damned to Mel Brooks.
Bluching!)
Mary Reilly is the second story of Robert Louis Stevenson of the month, after Muppet Treasure Island.
Perhaps Mr. Frears should consult Brian Henson on future projects.
I dare say that even MS.piggy is a better choice for a certain role than Julia Roberts.
And she has a good chop!