"Gordy" is not a film, it's a 90 -minute "Sesame Street" sketch, and a very bad thing.
This film is so stupid and stupid that it is depressing to think that some Hollywood leaders have actually given the green light, and even more surprising is the fact that it is a Disney film.
I am sure that children are the target audience of this film, but only children under the age of five can tolerate it.
This is the story of a farm, a porcelet named Gordy (expressed by Garms), whose family was taken for "north", which, we know, means death.
Of course, we can hear the animals talk to each other, and they actually bored to try to synchronize the voices with the mouth, but it comes out terrible.
In fact, it's almost funny in a way.
The only interesting and friendly distance character soon appears, a little girl named Jinnie Sue Macallister (Young) who sees Gordy in the back of a truck and mainly steals it.
Jinnie is a country singer and the film takes place on a huge tangent to show her little concert and the people who dance.
What is the interest of this?
Maybe she is one of the producer's parents and wanted to show it in front of the camera to promote it or something.
We then reduced a huge social gathering and we passed on another young child named Hank Royce (Roescher) who is sad because his divorced mother goes out together.
He leaves the party and meets Jinnie Sue, but he accidentally falls into a swimming pool (probably because he was sitting in diving with a costume of $ 200 on - No, did not see this one coming!),
Start drowning and is miraculously saved while Gordy pushes an inflatable float towards him and saves him.
If this had not been incredibly stupid already, the story changes quickly when Jinnie gives Gordy to Hank which then ends up becoming the CEO of a food processing company when the Hank grandfather, the CEO of origin, dies and leaves his fortune to Hank ...
And Gordy!
Of course, there must be a villain, but even this villain (Donadio as Sipes) is not so bad.
He never raises his voice or getting angry, and of course, he has typical Gordy kidnapped idiots, but it is so beyond the stupid and the comic strip that we constantly have two steps in advanceabout history.
It is difficult to say if the overall corniosity and the cheese of the film are intentional because it is a family film, or if the filmmaker is simply untraive and stupid.
Sometimes "Gordy" is tolerable to watch, winning a star and not the "ZZ" feared.
But it's so incredibly boring, cliché, stupid, funny, cheesy and simply bad, it can frighten children, it certainly disturbed me.
 (04/21/96) (1/29/97) (13/06/97) [See also: "Babe"]