As bad as "Mimic", it definitely scared me.
 "Mimic" continued the scary Hollywood trend of taking a foreign director who shows a lot of ingenuity and creative style, and emptying him completely when he comes to America to make a film.
Director Guillermo Del Toro was recently imported from Mexico after making the award -winning and inventive horror film "Cronos".
This film worked because it took an unconventional story, unique characters and a plot and a well -written dialogue to create a really scary film.
In "Mimic", Del Toro does not bother to give us anything original.
The intrigue is a stupid combination of "alien" species "species" meets "meets" Jurassic Park ".
The characters were recycled from a few hundred other films.
There is nothing new in "Mimic".
It's just a bunch of old tips that rarely work.
At the end of the film, you are stuck by wanting your money.
Perhaps the worst thing about the film is that Del Toro has followed another boring trend in recent films: he forgot to light the lights.
I do not understand why suspense films must recently follow the "Seven" trend and take place in dark and humid areas.
Looking at "Mimic", I was tried several times to shout on the screen "lights the lights!
The switch is on your right!
Use common sense!
do it !
You can see the monster in the area! "
There is a scene where Mira Sorvino stands in the metro station while the lights flash and go out.
It seemed that the light operator had a crisis, and Sorvino had not even noticed it - she was just there as if she had deep thoughts.
 "Hmmm...
I think the bean soup would be good for dinner tonight. "
 "Mimic" has a lot of accessory shock tactics (Boo!
I laugh!) And follow them with real fear, but nothing in this film scares you.
The theater audience never jumped during moments of suspense; I think they were also bored.
I shouldn't blame Del Toro.
He is not the first foreign director thrives to come in Hollywood and to make a bad film.
The director of Hong Kong, John Woo, made two of the best action films of all time, "The Killer" and "Hard Boiled", then came to America to make the stupid "Broken Arrow".
French directors Luc Besson ("La Femme Nikita") and George Sluizer ("The Vanishing") followed the example of Woo and made stupid versions of these films.
Robert Rodriguez, who directed the formidable budget at Petit "El Mariachi", came to Hollywood and directed the horrible and on a low budget "Desperado".
I do not know why a foreign director who shows such a talent in his country cannot make a good American film.
Woo finally pierced and made "Face / Off", but it is still not up to his previous films.
I have the feeling that a Hollywood producer is sitting in his office, chews a great smelly cigar and said to the director: "Welcome to America!
I bet you should be tired after being on this boat for so long.
Do you speak english ?
Now, I know you think you've made good movies in the past, but now you're in America, so things are a little different here.
Remember what the American public always wants, and everything will be fine.
They want to see at least a big woman, characters they have seen a thousand times before (because change scares Americans), and you always need a good end to cheese to conclude things.
If you don't make this kind of film, you will shine my shoes in no time. "