You think these people only exist in films, but believe me, they are as real as life.
I once talked to a guy who thought that the American government was putting satellites who could fry the brain of an individual person with microwaves.
Then I sat in a room full of people who thought the government was rigging the state elections.
I even listened to a man who swore that nicotine was an additive that cigarette companies put their products so that people were addicted.
These people had what are called "conspiracy theories" - ideas on how the invisible forces work to deceive and control the public.
A little imagination goes very far.
In Richard's conspiracy theory, Jerry Fletcher (Mel Gibson) is a New York taxi driver who seems to have a conspiracy theory on everything.
His last one, that NASA tries to kill the president by causing an earthquake of the space shuttle, may seem scandalous for us, but is all in a working day for him.
He combs the newspaper, looking for songs that leave Telltale warnings on the backstage events, and from there, Jerry draws his conclusions.
Honest citizen that he is, he tries to convince Alice Sutton (Julia Roberts) of the Ministry of Justice that the president must be warned.
Lucky Gal, Alice, who met Jerry when he saved him from a few attackers and had to listen to his theories during the six months that followed.
What she doesn't know is that Jerry's interest in her is much more than, well, professional.
He hurts a lot to follow her and look at her in her own apartment.
But when certain types of secret government seem to be interested in Jerry's ideas and his newsletter "limited conspiracy theory", he finds himself in danger and in the help of Alice.
One of the conspiracy theory problems is that he tries to pretend to be an action thriller when he seems to have no action, nor a significant number of thrills.
Part of this is the result of the slow rhythm of the film.
It takes an eternity to set up the relationship between Jerry and Alice, and even once it is over, the rest of the film seems to be a lot of boredom that stops from time to time to take a break for excitement.
At more than two hours, this film could have been considerably condensed and if the operating time has shortened from twenty minutes to half an hour, but even, the action scenes could not save the film.
Instead of really exciting and engaging sets, we are entitled to some of the generic scenes with the "black elements" required: black helicopter, men in black action costumes and body armor, black vehicles - you know the exercise.
They come with all kinds of gadgets and neat weapons, but for any reason, a guy with just a bunch of theories and a chick without training manage to escape them each time.
Large deal, we have seen everything before.
Looking at the film, I wanted to give had at least tried to use a little imagination, but I was unlucky.
Now, when I say that it took an eternity to set up the "relationship" between Jerry and Alice, I mean completely what a person is related to the other, and not to romantic involvement.
Oh, giving and scriptwriting Brian Helgeland would like you to believe that at the end of the film, the two main characters will eventually fall in love with each other, but there does not seem to be proof of this.
You see, there have been more sparks between Gibson and Danny Glover in fatal weapons films (also made by giving) than between Gibson and Roberts in conspiracy theory.
The two do not click, and when you throw a number of events that would make Alice reject to Jerry (as discovering that he tracks it down), the following attraction is absolutely forced.
The script in general also seems forced, like someone Satte Helgeland downwards and forced him to write it, then took it and forced it over us.
The dialogue is not distinguished and rather unshakable, to the point that I almost stopped listening.
Even Gibson's usual gift for Ad Lib could not hit the film enough to arouse my interest, although one of Jerry's theories on Oliver Stone was slightly fun.
Unfortunately, a large part of what is discussed in the film is not intrinsically important for what is happening, but rather a filling which begins with the potential, but ends up being strangely because it has never followed.
For example, Jerry claims that a man found drowned in his swimming pool was murdered by the government in a New York metro station.
He even goes so far as to explain that the station was flooded at the time due to a main break of water (hence the water in a metro station), and that the coroner should check the lungsof man for chlorine.
It is convincing enough for Alice that she seems to believe it.
Do you know what's going on?
Nothing, zip, nada.
No follow -up, so what is the meaning?
Okay, here is another.
It has been found that some well -known assassins (real life) had copies of the J.D. Salinger "The Catcher in the Rye".
Jerry also has a lot of copies.
Whenever he enters a bookstore, he must buy one.
Leaving aside the question of whether or not it is a assassin, we are never given a reason to believe why it would make him an assassin.
Not when we discover his Salinger collection, not when he goes to the bookstore, not later when we get the answer to our first question.
The point becomes completely narrow.
Oh, did I mention that Patrick Stewart is in this film?
Yes, he plays this government psychiatrist named Dr.jonas who can be a villain.
It is more or less that .
For all the presence that this generally has wonderful actor, he is almost forgettable in conspiracy theory.
You can simply group it with support players, with the exception of Cylk Cozart who plays the Lowry agent of the FBI.
This guy was really nice, and I hope that he and his character had more screen time.
Okay, here is my theory.
It really started as a big film, but some of his jokes were actually true!
The government has entered and forced to make changes to national security, and that's what remained.