Sydney Lumet is the director whose work is of various quality.
It is rented for some of the most important films of the previous decades, such as twelve angry men, Serpico or the verdict.
But, at the same time, almost all pearls are followed by stinks that hinder the reputation of Lumet.
A stranger among us, the scam in 1992 of the witness of Peter Weir, belongs to this last category.
The heroine of this film is Emily Eden (Melanie Griffith), a Lady Dur safe who sometimes shows too much enthusiasm to fight the bad guys in the streets of New York.
During one of these actions, her partner Nick (Jamey Sheridan) was injured and, therefore, she became depressed.
In order to help him recover, the bosses give him a fairly easy task to locate the missing jeweler that belonged to the Jewish community of Hassidic.
Emily launches an investigation and quickly realizes that the case involves murder.
Concluding that the attacker belongs to the community, she decides to go under cover.
It is not easy, because its modern ways collide with traditionalist ways.
Things become even more complicated when she develops feelings for the young Cabalistic scholar Ariel (Eric Thal).
Using Peter Weir's formula is not the biggest defect in this film.
Even the mysterious and reckless mysterious sub -intry of crime works to some extent.
But the worst insult to the viewer's public is a terrible bad cdot of Melanie Griffith.
The author of this criticism never liked this actress much, but she was at least tolerable in some of her roles.
The role of Emily Eden, unfortunately, is not part.
First of all, she cannot pass for the hard fighter of Street NYPD, and her attempt to pass for the Orthodox Jewish woman is not much better.
Scenario of Robert J.Avrech still aggravates things with certain Red Hareng Sub -intrigues Formula (the scene involving two Italian gangsters was almost too painful to look at).
But, on the other hand, other actors are more convincing (Lee Richardson as old rabbi, Thal as aniel and charming Mia Sara as her targeted bride), and the photograph of Andrzej Bartkowiak very effectively creates an atmosphere ofHeat when the scenes take place in the Hassidic community.
In addition, the film could educate viewers on Hasidic culture.
This is the only thing that prevents him from transforming himself into a total loss of time.