Arnold Schwarzenegger has been an icon for action lovers, since the late 80s, but recently, his films were very sloppy and the One-Liners wrapped.
It is difficult to see Arnold like Mr. Freeze in Batman and Robin, especially when he says tons of ice jokes, but hey he got 15 million, what is it for him?
Again, Arnold has signed to make another expensive blockbuster, which cannot compare with the tastes of the Terminator series, True Lies and even Eraser.
In this so-called dark thriller, the devil (Gabriel Byrne) came to earth, to impregnate a woman (Robin Tunney) who occurs every 1000 years, and essentially destroy the world, but apparently God chose a man, andThis man is Jericho Cane (Arnold himself).
With the help of a faithful acolyte (Kevin Pollack), they will stop nothing to let the devil take the world!
Parties of this are in fact so absurd that they would integrate perfectly with dogma.
Yes, the film is so weak, but it's better than the other blockbuster at the moment (Sleepy Hollow), but that makes the world do not look like a 4 -star film.
Anyway, it certainly does not seem to be a film Arnold.
It was just not the type of film you can see it do.
Of course, he gave us a few laughs with his well-known one-liners, but he seemed confused as to the place where his character and the film took place.
It is understandable, especially when the end had to be modified according to certain sources.
Aside from the form, he always crossed it, a bit as he did in the last films.
I'm sorry to say that Arnold, but maybe it's the end of your action days.
Speaking of action, where was it in this film?
There were practically no explosions or fights.
The devil exploded a few places, but Arnold did not kick the devil.
The end was changed to make it more spiritual, which has undoubtedly ruined the film.
I hoped at least a cool end if nothing else happened, but again, I was disappointed.
Nor do I know why the film took so long and cost so much.
There was really no great effect, unless you consider an invisible devil, which was in it for 5 minutes, was worth the budget too expensive.
The budget should have entered a better script, where at least the public could be somewhat entertained instead of facing boredom.
It is pitiful to see how scripts like these are purchased and transformed into a film.
Do they even read these things anymore?
It certainly doesn't seem like that.
Fortunately, Gabriel's performance gave light to this bad film.
When he walks in the street in search of Robin Tunney, you can't help but feel that he looked like a devil.
The guy is scary anyway!
When it's all over, you're just glad it's the end of the film.
Do not bother to see this, if you expect a solid action film, because it is neither solid nor that he has no action.
This is just another film in which we are united to see, due to a strategic marketing campaign.
Save your money and see that the world is not enough for an entertaining experience.