`` Bats '' is an insulting slap on the face for any dedicated horror film fan.
To remove something like that, you must have a feeling of mind and style, with a high dose of humor to support the process if the dread factor never decreases.
Something like the "Tremors" underground thriller just had the perfect mixture of these elements, and in return, the film was fun.
With the notable exception of a Wisecracking support player, `` Bats '' mainly plays his premise for the horror of the right arrow.
Judging by the ridiculous premise, it was not exactly a wise decision.
The film is trying to capture the essence of Alfred Hitchcock's "Birds", but fails miserably.
Well done, it could have been a sufficiently fun Halloween cinema.
Unfortunately, the "Battes" are an excellent example of a formula film made terribly, terribly bad.
The only thing that has fun about this purginte pile from Guano is in the way filmmakers predict that their main audience is.
I will recite the following paragraph in a way that will reach the public of individuals to whom the "bats" are aimed at.
These guys in Hollywood made a film on bats.
These bats are not very beautiful because they eat a lot of people.
Boy, these bats are ugly.
They are infected with this false virus which makes them very stimulating.
They have large claws and red eyes and they are not very friendly at all.
A bunch of people in Texas are killed, so a sheriff guy and a scientific lady are brought to kill bats.
They have big guns and other cool things to fight them, but bats are quite intelligent, so it's a bit difficult to do.
The bats rush and they shoot to make disappear for good.
But no, "bats" are probably too violent for preschool children.
The film, directed by Louis Morneau, should have ventured directly into video stores.
On the small screen, perhaps more pleasure could have been derived with lower expectations.
But sitting through this crap on the big screen is almost annoying; although a few moments, it becomes a guilty pleasure, the film is badly written, badly played and executed with a blatant nonsense.
Even the bats themselves are cheesy, and the attack sequences have precipitated and nervous to be properly appreciated.
The sheriff of the story is Emmett Kimsey (Lou Diamond Phillips), which embodies all the pathetic stereotypes that a figure of small town authority generally portrayed (he chumples on a cigar, struts with contentment in his boots, etc.).).
The scientist is Dr.sheila Casper (Dina Meyer), who specializes in flying mammals and is classified as "the best of his field".
Meyer uses many technical terms designed to make the film more intellectually capable, but everything on Dr.Casper is recycled beyond recognition.
Her memories of the way she has become addicted to the bat theme looks like the tale like the tale
Anything that revolves around "bats" is a tired raid, which desperately requires a director style or acting capacities to embellish it.
The support cast could have been built from straw, with voices nicknamed later.
In fact, it may have worked better at the end.
Take a look at the drums of the Batte de Casper bat, Jimmy (Leon), and you will have already seen immediate - it is exactly the same humorous caricature of Buddy of all the other films, constructed specificallyFor timed comic relief.
Unfortunately, none of its comic interludes is funny.
In the role of Deranged Mad Scientist Dr.MCCABE, the reliable Bob Gunton is cornered with the most hideously silly character in the group.
McCabe "accidentally" published two experimental test subjects, and the virus has spread to other bats.
The whole city of Gallup, Texas, is attacked with a huge swarm of creatures, but Gunton seems to be unknown METHING OTHER.
Something like: "When will the fucking film be finished ??
I just want my money. '
The bats are ugly, I must say.
There is the occasional moment when they seem moderately convincing, but above all, the swarm is represented in the Ringard digital imagery.
Only the pieces of the bloody action even refer to the pleasure of the campy camp that the film could have been, but by the absurdly stupid culmination point, it is too late in the game for a decent recovery.
The characters experience the slaughter of bats with gunshots.
Let's explore the logic there: is it really a very effective way to reduce the population of bats ??
You can empty an entire clip in flying snakes and not even wound one, and after that, there are only 18,000 others.
This type of behavior represents the regular level of intelligence behind "bats".