It seems that I stopped enjoying films that should be fun to watch.
Take the return on investment, for example, a film that most people seem to love.
However, it's horrible Schlock, straight out of Hollywood's vast talent to suck the creativity of films.
He was written and directed by a guy who should have done better; however, maybe he did better, after all, 30% of the film are not his own.
Mel Gibson, that Hollywood Zombie, decided that he did not like the end and had another director to enhance him.
What a pot.
If you log in to make a film, do it as the script provides.
Why film a film and then watch it later and say: No, I changed my mind, I don't like the end.
you are fired .
Someone else to do so.
- I guess the honor died in Hollywood.
The end of the film is, of course, Hollywoodized.
That is to say, it is happy and the guy you root to beat impossible dimensions to win his prize.
In this case, like most victories in Hollywood films, Gibson's prize is a blond and money.
I miss the originality in cinema, I really do it.
I think the public is so hungry for it that they will make a lot of money in the hope that a film will be original.
Payback's slogan - Prepare to root the villain - promised an original idea, but it was far from the truth.
While the character of Gibson certainly violated the law, he was a character who had the honor (strange that Gibson himself seems to have very little), would not kill in front of the children and protect his blond wife.
There is nothing wrong with him - he is a Hollywood character, a person who could never exist in real life.
And Gibson knows it - he spends his time trying to act as a "villain", and presents himself as pretentious and arrogant.
History implies that Gibson is double-crossed by his partner (who is a real villain, which made me wish that we can root for him) more than $ 70,000.
Gibson recovers from several shots, is upset (naturally) and will do everything you need to recover the exact amount - no more, no less.
He points out that it is strictly 70 grandeur.
A real villain would have made sure that his ex-partner pays 25% interest.
This idea is completely extended.
Gibson ends up continuing his partner and the Chicago mafia with which his partner is affiliated.
What I did not understand - is the Chicago mafia.
$ 70,000 is like spare changes for them.
They would probably pay the guy rather than pass the trouble to deal with him.
I think they would respect a guy who crosses so many problems for a simple $ 70,000.
Maybe I'm too hard on the film.
Maybe the filmmakers were just trying to make a simple popcorn film.
I read Roger Ebert's criticism and he liked Gibson in the role because he is a comic strip in the soul playing a villain.
This is why we are allowed to root for him.
And it's true - Gibson walks the film as if he smiled at a joke he has just heard.
But he's wrong here.
I wanted a Lee Marvin or an old Eastwood clint or someone who was not a comic strip, just an asshole.
In a secondary note, I have just checked the database of the Internet film and I discovered that I am the 38th person to publish a review of the Payback discussion group.
After these many criticisms, why would we like to read this?
Really, I don't care.
I simply try to gain belonging to the company online society of film critics by publishing as many criticisms as possible.