Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
Evaluating the film by Alex Cox the Winner as a loser would be so indolent.
It would be derisory.
It would be Glib.
It would be disdainful.
It would be completely correct.
I have rarely seen a film as boring as the winner, a potential comedy that is quickly turned tedious, funny and not committed.
The film is trying to be fresh and eccentric, using a myriad of colorful characters to weave its absurd story, but seems to ignore the fact that no one in the film is interesting and that all the characters are essentially absurd.
The film takes place in Las Vegas, and the emphasis is put on the winner on Philip (Vincent d'Onofrio), a young naive young man from the strange gift of luck; he can hardly lose the tables.
Despite this prodigious talent, Philip is perpetually sad and quite indifferent about his play fortune, nor not taking joy in his earnings nor having the foresight to hide his capacities.
Therefore, it becomes an easy target for those who rise on his cattogeous tails and would benefit from his talent.
Louise (Rebecca Demornay), a sensual living room singer, creeps into Philip's life with the aim of scaming him, while Philip's distant brother (and, conveniently, the ex-Beau de Louise) Johnny (Michael Madsen) arrives on the stage.
 (To add color, Johnny also happens to be their father's corpse, without one hand.)
Meanwhile, Philip is also linked by a trio of low -level opportunists (Frank Whaley, Billy Bob Thornton and Richard Edson), who intend to enjoy the gift of their new boyfriend with the dice.
The owner of the Casino (Delroy Lindo) overlooked chaos behind the scenes (Delroy Lindo); he probably does not give much to reveal that his role in the winner is essentially who alluded to the end of the flashy sequence inThe Casino of Martin Scorsese which details the hierarchy of the organization of operations of a casino - it * is * the eye in the sky.
It could be exasperating to bear a film whose central protagonist is so unconscious of the flagrant manipulation in progress, but fortunately, this is not the case in the winner, if only because our hero Sadsack is such a sap; Not even from a sympathetic or convincing distance, it becomes impossible to tell Philipgagnant with a complete feeling of disinterest.
It's a shame, because the winner presents a talented casting - Mr.D'ONofrio is an underestimated and gifted actor with a huge range; M. Lindo has a remarkable presence on the screen that infiltrates all the films in which heAppears; M .Madsen, Ms. Demonnay and MR.Whaley has all done a good job in the past.
None of the players in the winner is in great shape here, and this film will probably not be a precious addition to their respective curriculum vitae.
Director Alex Cox does what he can with the scenario of Wendy Riss, and it is on his credit that this film at no time looks like an adaptation of a play; I was surprised to learnthat the winner was actually based on one.
Although tedious, the film is well punctuated and not winding, but it would be an almost impossible task for Mr.Cox (or, moreover, practically any other director who comes to mind) to overcome the widespread gaps offilm in intrigue and characterization.
On his credit, I understand that he has chosen to distance himself from the project in recognition of his shortcomings.
I caught the winner at his world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 1996, and in all honesty, it is quite possible that the film has been largely reorganized since then because of the Audienc dulne He reaction generated - There was more debraying on this film than all the others that I screened.
To be honest, however, I could not start to isolate what could be done in this film to improve it - I suppose that throwing everything and starting up is out of the question.
The winner apparently played on cable television in the United States and begins a limited theatrical version when writing this article.
The film has a beautiful optimistic score while praying for the rain, but I am honestly facetious when I declare that the thing I cherished the most about my projection of the winner was the bag of popcorn on which I nibbled.