"Easly one of the worst films of the year."
With the millennium just at the corner of the street, Hollywood plays with our insecurity concerning the greatest event of this century.
This time, it is Arnold Schwartzenegger against the powers of evil.
The result is somewhat predictable.
I had no big hopes on the "highly anticipated" return of Arnold on the big screen.
Schwarzenegger fans will probably be satisfied, action enthusiasts will not be bored and the Catholic League will be angry.
Everyone will see the "end of days" for what it is: a delightfully bad film.
Think about it like Hollywood's own bug Y2K.
Did you know that if you turn the three diabolical numbers 666, you will get 999, as in 1999?
Yes, you better believe it ... Satan is here on Earth, working on his last project - the end of the days.
This time, it is Gabriel Burne who obtains the privilege of playing Lucifer and, although not Al Pacino, he is fun to see.
He walks coldly through Manhattan in the borrowed body of an investment banker, who said, as they say, wreaking havoc.
The way it works is that it smiles and something explodes.
Before the new millennium, he must find and impregnate a certain woman in order to get out of under a celestial curse as indicated in the book of revelations.
Only Schwarzenegger's cop attached to an anti-terrorist unit can stop it.
Films like this have serious weakness - logic.
No matter how you turn "the intrigue", you will find it incredibly stupid (even for a film by Schwartzenegger!).
The incredible fact is that these directors never learn.
After thousands of headless productions, this theme has become a big shot?.
Here, the devil is more like a maniac addicted to sex that has just left a psychiatric establishment.
He walks in N.Y., exploding everything and killing all those who obtain a 5 -meter radius.
Everything he wants is the girl, it's sort of special.
But Schwartzenegger is smarter than it seems, he hid it in a church, where Satan dares not enter.
So, the evil is forced to seduce the right cop for obtaining precious information: "You can recover your wife and your daughter. I
You can give yourself happiness that you can only dream of ...
Give me the address .. "
Indeed with a script like this one, you could make a wonderful parody, but unfortunately, the director takes this subject very seriously, trying to create a dramatic thriller.
And for you who waited for the return of Arnold Swartzenegger, you will not be very satisfied.
We haven't seen it for a while.
It is because he did not have a worthy opponent.
He fought nuclear terrorists on Earth and crazy Power conspirators on Mars.
He faced extraterrestrial predators in the darkest parts of the jungle and transforming the cyber denies which, apparently, can stop.
So, after all these fights, what remains for Arnold Schwarzenegger?
And Satan?
In my opinion, he has never completely overcome his first role as a fatal robot in the "terminator" of Cameron.
And it is the strength of Schwartzenegger - the muscles and no emotion.
Here, he tries to reach an artistic level, moving towards the Oscar.
This is called "an adult tour" in case of success and "a flop" if it fails.
Make a wild assumption!
His character lost his wife and daughter and has serious problems of alcohol consumption.
This requires at least a few actor skills.
Unfortunately, the only convincing thing about the former Arnold is his muscles.
The rest of the distribution is struggling with their so-called characters.
The film is also technically impressive, with solid cinematography and fine lighting.
But the film does not serve neither as a serious thriller (because of his stupidity) nor as a comic entertainment (due to its serious tone).
The only real comic relief of this film is when Swartzenegger tries to cry.
The action sequences are all recycled and the effects are all But spectacular.
So I really find it difficult to recommend this film to someone.
Unless you are an unconditional fan of Schwarzenegger, stay away.
As for Schwarzenegger, he will be back.