I was recently told that in China, they had been strong demonstrations against the release of Red Corner and this is apparently due to the way in which he shows the injustice of many Chinese laws.
But if you ask me, the real truth is that Chinese Critics Association was determined not to punish the population in the visualization of Richard Gere on the roofs in search of an American colleague.
Or the more the point, anyone allows him to lounge in his own less than subtle presence.
It is not an insult to manage, because I consider it a rather talented actor, but no longer the choice of character and responsibility for his role.
If a film speaks only of a single person, the main actor must give an impeccable performance so that it really works.
Although the performance of Gere is in no way acted, it is far from perfect and I can't wait to see it play with other talented actors who can reduce the need for him to wear a film by Him-even.
This is where it really belongs, and if you are reluctant to believe me, do not look for this primitive fear any further (with the sensational Edward Norton), the jackal (with Bruce Willis) and the pretty woman (with the charmingJulia Roberts).
In Red Corner, Gere plays the chic lawyer Jack Moore, who is guilty of the same personality traits as his character Martin Vail in Primal Fear daring and at the front, who thinks he has three steps on allworld but is actually two stages behind.
It is with an invulnerability of the mental and physical type that the character of Moore is represented, which let me break for the Chinese to transport her ass sorry in prison.
It does not take long from the start of the film so that the charm of Jack Moore works on a pretty Chinese lady, and in no time, they are in bed in a drunk and joyful hotel room.
However, instead of a hangover, poor Jack finds himself covered with blood and the Chinese chick died on a sofa.
He was arrested and transported to a Chinese prison.
His cell, food and rights are all terrible.
Now trapped in a foreign country without adequate help from the American embassy, lawyer Shen Yuelin (Bai Ling) defends his case by initially pleading guilty to the accusation of murder.
Jack and Shen argue on the various laws of their countries; Shen declaring that they will shoot you in the back and invoice the cost of the ball to your family.
As the intrigue thickens, the scenes gradually become more ridiculous ranging from Richard Gere in the course of the roofs in search of the United States Embassy to the end of Doo in Scooby where the criminalLess anticipated, but you yourself are discovered.
Red Corner is one of those films where you were rican, laugh or vomit that you cross all his minutes.
What should have been a politically tense thriller is hardly more than a useless expedition to see how stressed Richard Gere can act.
This does not mean that the film does not have its moments, there are tense courtroom scenes which are cleverly created telling the story of foreign injustice and the corruption of the government.
But what they represent the effect of having them first is why Red Corner is so frustrating to look at.
If you watch the global concept of films quite largely, the basic idea is quite tangible.
It is on the execution of the film where the twists and developments of the diminutive intrigue fail to impress or innovate - the evidence that disappears, high -level civil servants protecting the truth and the angles of intolerable love haveAll have been so many times before.
If that was not bad enough, the red corner dialogue is purely laughable several times.
Shen Yuelin is trying to have sympathy by reciting the rebirth of a deceased relationship with his deceased father, while Jack Moore is impatient to speak of Chinese music instruments when he could have worked on a plan to free himself.
Taking too seriously too seriously, Red Corner is not half of the film he intends to be.
although It would have benefited from the help of a more precious support distribution, the main fault of the film is in the bizarre (and often moved) way to deploy a story that is not so meritorious anyway.
While Richard Gere always proves that it takes what it takes to be known as a decent actor, I would think twice before going to see him try to manage such a serious but hollow drama again.
Martin Vail Where are you?