The previews of the film are pretty good.
They show a little intrigue, all the characters and the emotional strong moments, all spilled together to give a general impression of the script.
Unfortunately, the full film only adds 115 minutes.
Residents of the mystery love hockey.
The mystery and hockey go together like Texas and football in high school.
City dwellers love hockey so much that they even acquire a player who is guilty of shooting another man (yes, this is one of the film's jokes.)
Every Saturday, the best players join forces for a match, and the whole city comes to watch.
The prodigal son of the city Charlie (Hank Azaria) wrote an article on the weekly match for Illustrated Sports.
Mystery's national fame to the city of the city.
A week later, Charlie arises in person, and he brings with him an NHL offer.
The New York Rangers will come to the mystery to play residents.
The mysteries see this both good and bad.
On the one hand, they would like to have the fame and money of such an exhibition.
On the other hand, they do not want to present themselves as the jokes of Leno and Letterman.
The film follows a handful of lives which are affected by the proposal.
Biebe (Russell Crowe) has just been removed from the team and is invited to train boys, including his new replacement.
He is already full of resentment, and to top it all, Charlie made his eyes on his wife.
Crowe does not have much room to play in this film, so it is just stuck with constant brood.
Charlie, on the other hand, is full of resentment to be born in a city where hockey is the only measure of the value of a man.
His "gift" of the feature film and the New York Rangers was his way of compensating for not being a better skater.
He hoped that it would make him gain respect and merit, but city dwellers would find reasons to continue to hate him.
Burt Reynolds could have been interesting as Walter, the judge whose courtroom was faced with an idiotic jury of hockey fans.
Walter actually has some experience with college hockey, but he actively tries to put him behind.
He wants his son to take the game more seriously, but he wants his community to recover.
Reynolds could have been good, but the botched writing and / or the edition keep Walter in the area, and therefore Reynolds can never really bring its performance.
A character was actually interesting.
Biebe's wife (Mary McCormack), like the judge, understood that there was more in life than hockey.
But unlike him, she came to accept the biased vision of the community.
She chose the city and her husband her eyes wide open.
Its unique insight is verbalized once, and it only lasts a scene before its absence, but its performance carries the suspicion of deeper wisdom.
Mystery, Alaska follows a handful of other characters, but none is well developed or deserves to be mentioned.
The biggest problem with this film is that there is no real heart for the story, no underlying thing whose film is really.
Instead, the Gardon and the writers David E.Kelley and Sean O'Byrne try to enter the whole human condition into this sports comedy.
They try to make you laugh and cry, to feel indignation and pride.
They present the framing and the rate for the jokes, but there is nothing really funny.
They show scenes of sadness rightly staged, but they don't give you anything to be really sad.
As the columnist Molly Ivins would say, everything is a hat, no cattle.
The perfect opportunity arises for Roach to say what this film really is talking about.
There is a funeral scene, played with appropriate gravity and dark music.
It is a chance for the characters to think about their lives and to decide what is really important.
Russell Crowe was walking to speak, about to spell the film's metaphor for us.
He says that what really matters in life is "the community ...".
Then add "and hockey".
I guess these mysterious Years are really as superficial as they appear.
Only slightly bad, mystery, Alaska probably deserves 2 stars.
I even laughed aloud, real laughs in places.
But I accosted him for an additional half-star when Mike Myers, a friend of Roach, presented himself in a role that did not suit him.
Myers is a comic character actor.
He puts masks, becomes a scandalous caricature and is funny.
He is great as austin Powers, Dr.Mal, or one of his Scottish characters.
No one else in Mystery, Alaska is a comic caricature.
All the others have the feeling of dramatic characters in semi-serious roles.
So that Roach brings Myers for a few cheap laughter shows an incredible contempt for the rest of his casting, towards his audience, and in fact towards the film itself.
It is a recognition of the director that the film is not worth taking it seriously.