"Nothing more than a high budget masturbation fantasy"
Showgirls (NC -17) - Contains graphic nudity, blasphemy, sexual situations and violence.
Some people, however, keep their clothes.
You do not watch porn movies for their intellectual values, and you do not write criticism of them.
This is why this review will be short.
It seems that this film is found in the porn section when it reaches video stores.
There is no story, script, point or actor.
Only naked bodies, which is exactly the point.
Here is the so-called conspiracy: Nomi, the 23-year-old with a dark past like a whore, has done hitchhiking somewhere in the east to perform in a show where a dancer does not wear muchMore than a slight coating of large, big smile powder powder.
No one turns Nomi's arm.
No one is holding her grandmother hostage.
She wants to do that.
And that's what she does to the end of end.
So what is the problem then?
What's the point ?
What is the film about?
Is there someone whose aspirations could inspire less sympathy?
This film can be described in a sentence: an obscene level of obtaining, excessive stupidity in the scenario, a serious negligence of the spectator's intelligence, a prolitory interest in the fast Buck.
Believe me, after an hour with these characters, the theater and the script, you will start to hope that someone kills someone.
Elizabeth Berkley is a laughable try as a heroine of this film, which is bad even for the script of Eszterhas.
Her character is the only one to be written at least half and she could really have done better.
Her character denies the fact that she is a whore for the industry, selling her body to the hungry eyes of the excited public.
 "I'm not a whore!"
I am a dancer, "she cries out, but the fact in such a dramatized way that you will start laughing.
In fact, the game in "Showgirls" is terrible at a new and unknown level.
Not a single success, in addition to conventional cinematography, deserves to be mentioned.
It is a total loss of time and money.
There is not a single moment of what you could call intelligence.
The dialogue is structured with old stereotypes and clichés aligned one after the other.
His attempt to imagine having half a review leads to a disaster.
 "In my films", writes the director Paul Verhoeven ('Basic Instinct', 'Total reminder'), "I hold the mirror in life."
Well, excuse me?
His attempt to go behind the scenes of Las Vegas, and as he said "showing the naked truth", is simplified and unreal.
Sometimes, between his collection of errors and the logical irrationalities, the screenwriter Joe Eszterhas (the creator of some of the worst scenarios in Hollywood history) inserts certain lines of deep morality, which resemble this: "Hey, I see you.
I see that you hide "-" of what? "
- " of you " .
Yes, and even the only decent line of this film: "Nomi is what Las Vegas consists of" Can't Save 'Showgirls "to pass.
It is a strange phenomenon.
It is not erotic, because it lacks sensuality.
Not dramatic, because it lacks play.
And not intelligent because it lacks a story.
It is simply the bad excuse of Verhoven to do pornography.
Do you want to see naked women?
Naked breasts?
Complete frontal?
It's nothing wrong with that.
But in this case, I suggest you rent a porn film in your local video store, and not to waste time surviving thanks to the pathetic dialogue of Eszterhas.
B qualities, while it is only a high budget porn film.