"Snake Eyes" is the kind of most aggravating film: the genre that shows so much potential becomes incredibly disappointing.
It is not only because it is a film by Brian Depalma, and as he is a great director and the one whose films are always welcomed with at least a little fanfare.
And it is not even because it was a film with Nicolas Cage and as he gives a performance by Brauvara, this film is hardly worth his talents.
It's worse than that.
It is aggravating for the only reason why her story could be so much more, could be completely intelligent, and it opens without any subtlety that it will be manipulated complex and intensely ... then, at one point in the film,The bad turn leads him to the temple of the reputation of half.
Or more rightly, the temple of fame of the eighth plate.
In some circles, "Snake Eyes" was announced as a kind of modern version of the classic "Rashomon" from Kurosawa, where a crime is told of the four different perspectives (and I mean different), and it seems that it can really be happenedLike that with the opening, which, I could add, is superb.
In a very very very very long steadicam stroke, we meet the protagonist, the detective of Atlantic City, Rick Santoro (cage), and follow him before a boxing match while he speaks on his mobile phone with his wife,Interrupts a payment at the Cartel'evénement on television, continues a player, enters the arena all pumped for the fight, sits and talks with his bud, Kevin Dunne (Gary Sinise, whose character should notBe confused with that of actor Kevin Dunn, who is also in this area in this area), and looks as it occurs.
There is a big name in the crowd, and it is the defense secretary, Charles Kirkland (Joel Fabiani), who seated behind Rick, and who was shot a second after the heavyweight champion Lincoln Tyler(Stan Shaw), is eliminated.
All this occurs in the opening blow, and it creates so much red herring and possibilities of what happened that it opens this scene for an attentive examination and a total deconstruction.
What really happened, this film asks, and it puts this film very well when Rick begins to question people and get different perspectives on the stage ... and
Discover that there is a very good possibility that it is a plot.
While we follow Rick trying to learn more information, we also meet a woman who spoke to Kirkland before being shot down (Carla Gugino), and who flees the scene in panic and try to hide the cops inThe arena and the adjacent casino / hotel since the cops blocked the doors so that they can obtain testimony on what happened.
Everything is fine and dandy, and it's extremely interesting to watch ... so
It makes a bad step.
We follow the bad character, and we learn the answer to the mystery too early, and well before Rick could discover it.
But it is not the worst part: it is that it is the only person you did not think it would be because it was too obviously supposed to be red herring, the one you did not think it has itMade because it would be stupid etcphiche of this person to be behind.
That is only getting worse: the film turns into a film of pursuit on half of the film, and as we already know what happened, we cannot count on Rick's investigation to be so interesting.
It is as if the film lacked guts to be really complex and original to about a third of the path, and decided to fall back on an easy outcome, and that simply means that it must become less and less.
The events become increasingly clean and at the end, the film decided to count on the worst offender in mysteries like this: the two ex Machina.
This is where some external intereondists bring the film to a sudden conclusion and makes everything go well.
This time, it is a hurricane, an uncontrollable police car and a large round ball that adorned the Arena.
What did not go well?
Depalma and the screenwriter, David Koepp, are extremely credible people in their respective fields and are known for bringing life and complexity to mysteries like this.
Depalma, who idolizes Hitchcock to death, has made many films like this, like his masterpiece, "Blow Out", where a film sound uses cinema elements to discover a piece of plot by piece.
But granted, Depalma makes him at least intriguing to look at, with his exaggerated shooting configurations, in particular the beginning and a sequence where the camera takes place on a bunch of hotel rooms, forgetting anything on the limits.
At least, its management consists in part.
Then there is Koepp, who showed such a great ability to ensure that a character's faults come to life as he did in the previous "Carlito's Way", a film that plunged into thelife and past of his character and examined it very well.
He can write an imperfect character, but his Rick Santoro seems to be just a half effort.
It is imperfect and we can see the redemption if the story was not as a formula.
A scene towards the end where he must make a fatal decision is evaluated by the fact that his answer has no emotional accumulation.
He could also have said the opposite of what he says; it would have at least passed with what the character was.
It is the most disappointing type of film because it promises intelligence and complexity, because it promises the inconvenience of an imperfect character and perhaps even redemption, then pulls the carpet under us, just as we wereabout to be convinced that he would be able to go all the way.
While I was looking at the first half hour, I was looking forward to seeing how the mystery would be discovered, how many different perspectives that would be given to him, and perhaps he would have to make a choice between whom he must believe.
Now there is a film.
Unfortunately, the film has two main two ex-machinas: one in the disastrous end; the other, about half an hour when the film enters an automatic pilot and becomes a piece of outdated and recycled shit that we have seen too much before,But never someone like Depalma.