A Hotshot lawyer obtains a manifestly guilty acquitted children's attacker, and shortly after, during the celebration of victory, he had the opportunity to show his prowess in New York.
The lawyer, Kevin Lomax (Keanu Reeves) is not yet offered jobs, he is invited to simply choose a jury.
He accepts.
The jury he selects works well and for a long time, he is offered a job with the company.
Making his decision easy is the fact that he has not only offered a lot of money, but a magnificent apartment.
He convinced his wife, Mary Ann (Charlize Theron) to move to New York.
The first case given to him is a big test; a "without victory" case concerning a man who sacrifices animals in his subsoil.
The accusation was the violations of the health code and Kevin once again shows his skills and wins an acquittal.
His new boss and partner in the cabinet, John Milton (Al Pacino) is quite impressed and takes Kevin under his wing, explaining many of his philosophies on the law, women and sex, and angles the promise of a rich lifeand rich.
Kevin's following case is a dream case, which was given to him by Milton himself (to the chagrin to his colleagues), defending a suspect to triple murder who had a story of problems with the law.
Although Kevin's career takes off, his family life is not doing very well.
Mary Ann is starting to have many problems.
She experiences severe depression during the long hours of Kevin, and for a long time, horrible dreams and hallucinations of people turn into ghouls, their faces become horribly disfigured.
Kevin does not help the questions by rejecting his wife.
He does not spend more time with her because he explains to Milton that he must spend as much time as possible on the case to finish it, then concentrate all his attention on his wife.
Not helping questions is the fact that Kevin has ideas about a possible case with a sexy lawyer (Connie Nielson) who also works with the office.
Mary Ann falls deeper into her madness while Kevin spends more time far from his home.
Kevin ends up losing control of his life and must institutionalize his wife, and obtains disturbing news from his mother (Judith Ivey) on the mystery concerning the identity of his father.
He also begins to lose control of his case.
Kevin learns that all his problems were caused by the work of a man.
This man is his boss, Mr.Milton, a really bad character who is perhaps the devil himself.
Kevin must somehow face Milton and thwart the diabolical plan he has in store.
But how do you beat the devil?
Why are most audience scenes in the films?
Do filmmakers really believe that the drama of the "normal" courtroom does not correspond to the bill and that they owe them?
The scenes from the courtroom of this film would never occur in a real courtroom, which would not have been too serious if there was no Keanu Reeves trying to remove it.
I give Reeves a credit for having tried hard, but throughout the film, I have never seen the character of Kevin Lomax, just an actor who tries very hard to play Kevin Lomax and to make short.
Charlize Theron defines the term "exaggerated" in her performance like Mary Ann Lomax, a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in "2 days in the valley".
The only good performance in the film is Al Pacino, but I kept wondering what he was doing in this mess?
Maybe he thought it would be interesting to play the devil, and you can say that he has fun doing it, but his competence as an actor cannot save mediocre performance and the dull scriptwho surround him.
These are fairly standard stuff, including the fact that Hotshot's lawyer seems to be the only competent person on the planet who can do everything in the courtroom.
Please do not read further if you don't want the end of the spoon, but I have to remove something from my chest.
In 1986, I remember watching a film entitled "Wisdom" with Emilio Estevez and Demi Moore, and the end The ING of this film has done the worst possible thing that a film can do.
What I like to call "Guess what, everything was a dream scenario".
In "Wisdom", the two main characters are killed at the end, only so that one of the characters "wakes up" with an apparent and to say "Gosh, I'm glad that it has not really happened!".
I considered it inexcusable as the public was played.
Well, the same thing happens in "The Devils Advocate", and although arguments can be put forward by surrounding if it was actually a dream (maybe Milton went back in time to try a different route toHis plan, because he failed and he is the devil), but the fact is that 90% of the film did not occur.
I know it's a section, after all, it's a film and nothing really happened, but I'm just bored to play with it.
Of course, the end of the dream could almost be forgiven if the story preceding that it was at least interesting.
If I remember correctly, "Wisdom" was a decent film.
 "The devil's lawyer" is not.
Devil's advocate
Directed by Taylor Hackford John Milton .................. Al Pacino Kevin Lomax ................ Keanu
Reeves Mary Ann Lomax ........... Charlize
Theron Mme.Lomax .................. Judith
Ivey Eddie Barzoon ............... Jeffrey Jones Christabella .................. Connie
nielson
Written by Randy Turgeon, March 18, 1998.