Delicatessen (Directors: Marc Caro / Jean-Pierre Jeunet; writers: Gilles Adrien / Marc Caro; Cinematograph: Darius Khondji; publisher: Herve Schneid; Cast: Dominique Pinon (Louison), Marie-Laure Dougnac (Julie Clapet), Jean-Clauddreyfus(Clapet-the butcher), Karin Viard (Mademoiselle Plusse), Ticky Holgado (Marcel Tapioca), Anne-Marie Pisani (Madame Tapioca), Jacques Mathou (Roger), Rufus (Robert Kube), Hower Vernon (Frog Man), EdithKer (Granny), Boban Janevski (Young Rascal), Mikael Todde (Young Rascal), Chick Ortega (Postman), Silvie Laguna (Aurore Interligator), Howard Vernon (Frog Man); Hatchette Premiere; 1991-France)
examined by Dennis Schwartz
A black comedy takes place in the near future in a pension managed by a depraved butcher.
The comedy is played more in the comic style for an entertaining value than for a deeper satire, because it mainly presents sophomoric gags of view and is strongly based on special effects.
The world fell on difficult times and there are food shortages that do not include meat, so the butcher serves human flesh to customers who pay with cereals, almost as appreciated by merchandise.
It is the big joke in the film and the novelty of this idea of cannibalism is doing very quickly, because the characters are too absurd and sketched too finely for us to care.
This postapocalyptic French comedy Insipid is a first feature for co-directors Marc Caro / Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
He failed to reach my funny bone and rather left me mainly bored by his slight story and his dark projections for the future.
A former Circus clown named Louison (Dominique Pinon), the hero too beautiful in the film, responds to an ad to work like a handypender for valves (Jean-Claude Dreyfus), and the butcher and the owner, proposes thechambe and board in hisHouse.
The clumsy girl and close to the butcher Julie (Marie-Laure Dougnac) falls in love with the skinny and bizarre clown, and the two make music together, with her playing the cello and a saw.
It is the innocent people, surrounded by a boarding school of misfits suffering from fear and monitored by his domineering father, who attracted his building, because he has his anterior innocent, so that he can put his C.The as well as meat, which he intends to do as soon as the clown repairs the building.
The whole film takes place in the shabby building, and the tenants are a lot strange of bizarre malcontents, which do not trust each other.
There are two young people (Boban Janevski and Mikael Todde) who make any type of mischief.
A frog man (Howard Vernon) who lives with water on the ground to be able to raise his frogs and his snails he eats.
Two brothers (Mathou & Kube) who create small toys of novelty of cow-moo.
A man (Holgado) who sells a bullshit detector to the butcher for his piece of meat.
A slutty woman (Karin Viard), who lives with the butcher and wants only her meat.
The aristocratic woman (Silvie Laguna) who tries several times to commit suicide but is too inept to do it correctly.
The tenants are too afraid to go out at night because they know what the butcher does, so they are forced to communicate with each other through a pipe that crosses the building (in a scene, they are all in musical harmony for lovers ofBoucher and his daughter, while their imprints cringe).
There is also a crazy factor of sex (chick Ortega), who covets the butcher's girl and carries a gun while delivering the mail.
There is also an underdeveloped plot on a band of incompetent underground fanatics, called trogolodists, who have been summoned to save the clown and steal grain.
The directors overloaded the film with too many eccentrics, because the comedy seemed forced while the surrealist look of the film added any dramatic intensity.
delicate Sen could have a call to the crowd of cult films that love their meat in thin slices fans of Monty Python and to those who loved Brazil of Terry Gilliam, a similar film in spirit.