Synopsis: A mentally unstable man undergoing psychotherapy saves a boy from a potentially fatal accident, then falls in love with the boy's mother, an emerging restaurateur.
Trying without success to win the favor of the woman, he takes pictures of her and kills a number of people on her way.
Comments: Stalked is yet another in an apparently infinite channel of income-type films for Réviper Psychos which are a stable category in the 1990s, theatrical and direct-to-to-to-to-,
Their proliferation can be due in part to the fact that they are generally inexpensive to produce (no special effects, no stars of large names) and serve as vehicles to flash nudity (allowing them to frequent the cable television ofend of the night).
Waves slightly hunted down from the standard in one regard: the psycho never really has an affair; on the contrary, it is rejected fairly quickly (the psycho is generally an ex-friend, ex-wife or ex-husband).
Apart from that, Stalked is only another redundant entry condemned to collect dust on the video shelves and views after midnight on the cable.
Stalked does not provide much suspense, but that's what it aims to do.
Enforced throughout the opening credits, for example, a narrator with serious sounding consonant throws statistics on the stalkers and reflects on what can cause a traffic from a man (it is implicitly implicit that all the stalkers are men)While photos of a boy are shown on the screen.
After these credits, an instantaneous actor Jay Underwood appears.
The narrator declares that "this is the story of Daryl Gleason" and tells the public that he is the harasser.
Of course, really, this is the story of Brooke Daniels catering.
If the film was supposed to concern Daryl, then it should have been called an unlissed Stalker.
Okay. We know who is the harasser before the start of the film; no conjecture required.
Talked therefore produces, as it begins: obvious, obvious, obvious.
The opening sequence, artificially, brings together Daryl and Brooke (the victim).
Daryl is obsessed with Brooke, follows her and tries to court her.
In the end, rejected by her, her plans are becoming more and more desperate and elaborate.
These plans include the cliché of all time, psycho-in-love: the murdered animal.
For any reason, films of this kind require a dead animal dead by the hunted victim.
Talked is no exception (it's a cat this time - found in the shower).
Events like these lead to the inevitable test of strength between Stalker and Stalked, where only one survives (guess who he is always and you will guess the conclusion to this Turkey).
The distribution of Stalked is uniformly adequate: not to write at home but not so bad either.
Jay Underwood, as Stalker, turns a little too much towards melodrama.
He too much too much, in other words, but he always manages to be scary enough to pass as a type of harasser that the requirements of history.
Maryam d'Abo, on the only actor close to being a star here (she played the Bond Poussin in living daytime fires), is just as adequate as the "traced" of the title, even if she sometimes seems too sillyto be a solid and independent business owner.
Brooke (D'Abo) must however be said to make the plot takes place.
Towards the end, for example, Brooke has suspicions on Daryl.
To ensure that he will not use it as other excuse to see it, Brooke decides to return a toolbox he had left home at home.
Does it just leave the toolbox when nobody answers?
Of course not .
She tries the door, opens it and wanders in the house.
When Daryl returns, he enters the house, of course, therefore our heroine is in danger.
In one way or another, even if his car is parked at the front of the house, just near the front door, Daryl is unconscious of his presence inside.
The whole episode puts incredible pressure on the suspension of public disbelief and questions the Validity of the intelligence of one or the other character.
Stalked receives two stars because, even if it is very derived and somewhat boring, it is not that bad that it cannot be looked at.
Evaluated R mainly for several scenes of murder and brief nudity in a band bar, it is not as offensive as many other thrillers in this genre.
If you are in mood for a good suspense film, however, punctuates something.