Watching "Battlefield Earth" is wallowing in misery.
It is one of the most ridiculously designed efforts in recent history.
He has a awkward story, an insipid dialogue, shallow characterizations, ugly scene transitions, no evidence of dramatic arc, sound effects inducing headaches and a completely incredible resolution.
Worse, there is the promise of a suite.
Why ?!
save your money.
Some films go to video quickly.
This one, however, should go directly to the "Mystery Science Theater of the Science Fiction chain". '
In the year 3000, man has become an endangered species.
Most of humanity (called? Man-Animals) was destroyed there are generations in a battle against a breed of extraterrestrials (called Psychlos).
The survivors were absent in caves or were enslaved to exploit the resources of the earth for the rest of their lives.
The extraterrestrials are a threatening humanoid species which measures nine feet high, which resembles consanguineous klingons.
Dimwitted as they are tall, their culture is based on power, extortion and obtaining? Lever. '
Travolta, the lever -effect star, plays Terl, the accomplice security manager who oversees the mining installation on earth.
A large part of the film is devoted to showing us examples of small machinations from Terl.
He regularly uses deception and punctuates his declarations of maniac laughter.
But one thing is certain; he hates being parked on earth.
When the native planet informs him that he will spend the rest of his life on this planet, he begins to develop his last plan.
He will select a group of slaves to secretly extract a gold site.
We do not know how it benefits Terl, except that it makes it richer in a place where it has no use.
The Scrappy Jonnie Goodboy Tyler (Barry Peppers) is selected as head of the group of slaves.
A psychlo knowledge machine gives him mining know-how.
But the machine also teaches him other things such as psychlo language, the principles of our founding fathers, Euclidean geometry and the location of Fort Knox.
This illumination simply does not prepare it for the mining mission.
He also prepares him to organize and stage a massive revolt against their kidnappers.
"We are going to explode their world of origin," he says.
"But first, we need a few additional supplies. '
In a few days, he and his comrades evolve from the habitation of the caves, the loincloth carrying slaves eating rats to hunting pilots and nuclear arms experts.
Currently, the public laughs as maniac as Terl.
The media have worked overtime to let the public know that John Travolta's love work is a piece of science fiction ruin.
Many journals have called him an ill -conceived idea resulting from blind pride, arrogance and bad planning.
And after watching this film, you are all the heart okay.
This is a terrible film that is illogically built, acted in a tedious way and frequently raises the question: why has it ever been done?
At a price of $ 90 million, this film will remain memories as a gigantic madness, undoubtedly becoming "the Avengers" of this summer.
The two films were unforgivable and this promises to undergo the same rapid fate and subsequent unworthiness.
In addition to universally pejorative criticisms, there is another bizarre element in the "Battlefield" saga.
This film would never have been made without the star power of Travolta, which for more than a decade has been trying to persuade the studios to bring history on the big screen.
The controversy is that Travolta is a Scientologist, and "Battlefield" is based on a 1982 novel by L.ron Hubbard, deceased founder of religion.
This led some to believe that "Battlefield Earth" would be equivalent to the Scientologist dogma, loaded with subliminal messages.
But the story is so badly told that any message, subliminal or other, is completely undetectable.
If the public is doing something from this film, that was this: we are not too unlike the PS Leader Ychlo.
Like Terl, the public felt imprisoned, feared his situation and looked for any opportunity to leave.
Could it be the message of Scientology?