When I watch a movie like Mike Nichols which planet are you?
I can't help but feel that everyone looks at me.
It is as if all the public looked at the back of my head in the dark, eyes pulling on daggers, blaming me quietly for the fact that they paid money hard to spend their time watchingThat...
This ...
thing .
I uncomfortably move to my headquarters.
I remember what I feel when I see a pair of second or third order celebrities engaging in a "funny" teleproduct conversation to present the next Award blockbuster.
It is not my fault, I know that it is not my fault, but damn it, someone must be embarrassed, because it does not seem that anyone on the screen is ready to take the blame.
I am about to give you a list of names of people who will make a film together: Garry Shandling, Annette Bening, John Goodman, Greg Kinnear, Mike Nichols.
Does one of these names instantly make you tremble?
The answer I would have found before today is no, it is a list of talented people we have here.
Admittedly, John Goodman was in the guns, and Greg Kinnear transformed leading performances less than of the leading man in certified failures like a smile like yours, but even so, they have a proven power like d'Excellent support players.
Garry Shandling has two television classics to his credit, his ingenious little show by Garry Shandling and The Larry Sanders Show.
And for the love of God, Mike Nichols led the graduate, and Annette Bening moves away from American beauty.
So explain that ...
This ...
thing .
What planet do you come from?
claims to be a comedy exploring the relationship between men and women satiring the entire pop-psychology phenomenon Mars / Venus.
But what this film ends up being a collection of moments inducing rare teeth coupled at moments inducing little inscribed teeth; the end result is, without surprise, an embarrassment, not very insignificant, unfaithful, inducing the teeth, completely silent.
Garry Shandling plays an extraterrestrial of a planet populated by technologically advanced but emotionally vacant males (they reproduce by cloning, of course).
Its leaders have put a selected group of men through a series of tests designed to determine which is the most able to fly to earth, find a female of the species and to impregnate it.
They learned to claim that they listen to their heads and say "uh-huh" and complete the shoes.
Imagine my delighted surprise when, oh heaven, all their carefully practiced tactics are miserably failed, producing comic results!
The lucky winner is equipped with a penis (since theirs, after generations of disuse, have long been shrinking.
I will prevent myself from mentioning the improbability of such a scenario since the population has stopped evolving due to the fact that they are only clones ...
Oops, too late)
The penis, when excited, tends to make a noise of buzzing.
Writers, when they are frequently attached to ideas, tend to turn to this as a source of "comedy".
It is not funny the first time.
It is not funny the eighth time.
The eighteenth time is not funny.
If anything, it made me feel vaguely aware.
Garry meets a colleague in a bank played by Greg Kinnear, who turns out to be a generic and unmancity scumbag.
It is supposed to fill the part of the unfortunate model for the extraterrestrial character of Shandling, but it is so categorically drawn that even the writers abandon quickly and throw it aside.
Kinnear's pancake is demonstrated by the fact that he says that the work of others and his to make his way in a position of vice-presidents and goes to AA meetings to collect chicks.
Wow .
What a magnificent bastard.
Almost every man in the film, in fact, is played like the same kind of sex -focused sex.
When Kinnear's wife enters the office, there is not a single guy Wh O Do not stumble, do not fall on a wall or do not make falls as if they had never seen a woman before.
The few guys who are not particularly slime balls, like the detective character of John Goodman, are quite simply uncomfortable work executioners.
Shandling meets Annette Bening, who will inevitably prove to be the love he did not know, during one of the meetings of the Kinnear AA.
Shandling's mission is to have a baby, and when he reveals his desires, Bening instantly falls in love with him and the next day ...
they get married .
Yeah .
the next day .
Because you see, it turns out that she also wants a baby!
The character of Benging was perhaps the most difficult to look at, especially after having seen it so effectively in American beauty ...
If his character here is supposed to represent the female of the species as a whole, then misfortune, say, to the species.
It is unlockedly not very sure and succumbs so easily to all the lines and lies of Shandling that it borders tragic.
There is a time when, after thinking that she could not bear children, she learns that she is indeed pregnant.
When Garry goes home after having almost cheated on it, she walks in the kitchen and sings "big hopes" (you know, the edifying ant and the song of the rubber factory) to provide the news, then hesaid, "Now you can now leave me."
We are supposed to sympathize with the discovery by Shandling of the feeling of "guilt", but instead, I wanted to cry for benching that it firmly placed all her life and her soul on a big big nothing.
And finally, Shandling falls in love with her ...
For real, I suppose, even if I don't know exactly what prompted it.
What is the message I derive from all of this?
Men are liars, intrinsically empty creatures, but if you drag long enough ...
Well, maybe something will click.
Ha ha ...
Ha?
I am grateful such a large cynicism is not often allowed to run so creeping.
Let's join all hands and pray that the planet that these people come from is not this.
There is also a secondary intrigue involving John Goodman as an incident investor of the airline that hides in the bog for stupidity.
Goodman, through a series of incredibly incredible achievements, sets up the fact that shandling is a being of another world with a magical and vibrant penis.
He has all the shows for a secondary intrigue of the discovery of Shandling, which, fortunately, never comes to the inevitable hackneyed.
Instead, it simply hung on the branch for a while, Withers, and falls.
An additional proof that Goodman should simply stick to Coen Brothers films.
But let's no longer linger on this, I have already lost a lot of time and mine.
Let's move on, let's forget what we have seen here and continue our life.
And to help us, let's finish things on a happy note ...
Congratulations to Annette Bening, winner of "Title!"from this week.
Price, for the delivery of the clumsy dialogue line containing the name of the film.