Summer films are, by nature, stupid business that is generally made for quick pleasure and to make money.
Wild Wild West, the last Will Smith Affair, follows roughly the same formula, except that it is more stupid and less appreciated than most summer films.
Will Smith plays Jim West, a black sheriff with a beautiful line of sunglasses.
He is called by President Grant (Kline) to go on a mission to find out why the best government scientists disappear.
West is twinned with the scientist Artemus Gordon (Kline again) and the two follow the missing scientists to a brain without legs, named Dr.Loveless (Branagh, with a wacky mustache.)
Before accumulating with the many negatives in this desolate case, I will give it a chance with the positive points.
There is a nice credit sequence, the design of Bo Welch production is pleasant to the eye, and the special effects are sufficiently decent.
There is also a pleasant soundtrack.
Buried at the bottom of the slag, there is one or two fun jokes.
And Salma Hayek appears to be female interest, which is always pleasant to see.
Apart from these factors, however, nothing else in the work of Wild Wild West.
First, there is little chemistry between Smith and Kline, which seems to be only for money.
We could expect the zinc workers between the two: none arise.
Both go through the standard layout below, knowing that there is a pay check pending at the end.
Even Kenneth Branagh does not provide much entertainment: although it is exaggerated, the equipment does not present many possibilities for Branagh to be really crazy.
Therefore, it appears as strong as it is unpleasant.
The only pleasant performance comes from the sexy salma hayak, which has so little screen time, it's embarrassing.
She seems to be in the film to simply show her body and be loose by Kline and Smith.
His character also changes to a whim to adapt to the mechanics of the script, and there is no sense of realism in the character.
The humor of the film is also very extinguished.
Will Smith put a little rotation to his stupid lines in men in black, here, even Smith could not save the exposed humor.
The script is largely summed up with insults which are not very funny and to liners which barely raise a sly smile.
It is also somewhat racist, even if it does not intend to be, with a scene with Jim West trying to make his way out of a lynching, and says in fact that slavery isgood to save yourself.
It is not a funny scene, and the whole is detached rather uncomfortably.
The film also makes the tragic error that a man (in this case Kline) in a dress is automatically worried, this is not the case, but the far Wild West makes this joke even more painful to monitor through a pureinept.
There are also problems with the plot.
Jim West and Artemus Gordon are caught in all kinds of sticky situations, but the way they get out of it are still not satisfactory and only count on luck, rather than a pleasant skill.
Elements of the plot are introduced into the film, then thrown as quickly.
The main piece of history, an 80 -foot mechanical spider, designed by the vapor designed by Loveless, seems rather impressive, but there is no particular reason why it should be built.
Why not build a large reservoir, instead of a fragile and unsightly piece of machinery that only asks to be exploded?
The director Barry Sonnenfeld always has a windy look towards them, with beautiful camera tips, but even it lacks this stowed affair.
The Wild Wild West could have benefited from the sound style of Sonnenfelds, but not many things are obvious, which makes this film drag even more.
It is a sad thing when _four_ (credited) scriptwriters, a talented director and a voluntary star cannot operate a film, and finally the Far Wild West collapses under his sexist weight, slightly racist and funny.