Dead-Bang, an action thriller with Don Johnson, is up to his stupid title, or at least half.
Although Dead-Bang is definitively dead, it is anything but a blow; in fact, they should have called it "dead bore".
In the film, Johnson plays ...
You guessed it ...
a cop .
The role had to be really difficult for Johnson since his character, Jerry Beck, is a Graveleux Homicide detective of Los Angeles, a real section of the smooth vice-detective Johnson represented in "Miami Vice".
At the Mel Gibson in Lethal Weapon, Beck is an emotional wreck, with violent explosions, unscrupulous police methods and a dark perspective of life.
Beck's wife has just divorced him and she cuts him from their children.
She will not even allow him to wish them "Merry Christmas" by phone.
But Beck's family and emotional problems take a rear seat in the action and thrills of Dead-Bang.
Beck is investigating the brutal murders of a merchant and a cop.
His investigation begins in L. A. And finally culminates and culminating in Oklahoma, where he has a violent force of strength with the killers in a white supremacist camp.
Almost all aspects of Dead-Bang are inept and ineffective.
The intrigue is incoherent and full of holes.
The film describes Beck's investigation so awkwardly that you never see the links between its clues and its conclusions.
The action sequences in Dead-Bang are strictly third and the film has absolutely no momentum or suspense.
I certainly expected more than the longtime director John Frankenheimer who directed the classic political thriller, the Manchurian candidate - as well as the black Sunday, seven days in May and the French Connection II.
In all honesty towards Frankenheimer, however, I should note that most of the dead-bang gaps seem to come from his shabby script rather than management.
Dead-Bang tries to put a mask of social relevance by incorporating themes of racism and white supremacy, but its efforts are nothing more than symbolic gestures and nothing less than insulting.
According to the film's production notes, Dead-Bang is based on the actual experiences of the detective still active Jerry Beck.
You would never guess this by watching Dead-Bang, however, because the film totally lacks credibility; it is absolutely unconvincing and incredible.
Most of the Dead-Bang characters are either atrociously acting, underdeveloped, superfluous or all of the above.
William Forsythe, for example, is painfully bad that Arthur Kressler, an agent of the healthy FBI by the book which is offended by the coarse language of Beck and the unorthodox methods.
Forsythe's lame performance and the cheesy dialogue makes his character unbearable.
Dead-Bang marks the beginnings of Tim Reid's film ("WKRP in Cincinnati" and "Frank's place"), but his talents are completely wasted in a cliché and artificial role; he plays the chief officer of a cops of copsblacks who help Beck to nail the bad guys.
The only function of the character of Penelope Ann Miller is to give Dead-Bang an excuse to include a free love scene between characters on which you don't care.
I suppose that the title of the film refers to this love scene because it is definitely a dead blow.
The only true virtue of Dead-Bang, believe it or not, is Don Johnson, who tries to overcome the limits of the film's pitiful script.
Johnson succeeds in giving his character a sense of sarcastic humor and a suspicion of depth, and his pessimistic Wisecracks sometimes give life to the film.
And I must admit that Dead-Bang has one or two fun moments.
The funniest scene makes Johnson threw everywhere in a criminal as he questions him.
But when Barf is the highest point of a film, you know the film in difficulty.
The other funny scene implies a psychological examination of Beck, in which he cannot keep a right face because the psychiatrist looks like Woody llen.
But two funny scenes and some good Wisecracks do not make a film.