"There is nothing new under the sun" is a sentence often used when the speaker really means "let's find something to copy".
Of course, there are very few completely original ideas.
Even the overwhelming concepts are built on the vast body of human experience.
There is, after all, no need to reinvent the wheel many times.
Recently, it seems that Hollywood does not feel the need to rewrite even the script.
My understanding of the word "suite" is a continuation of history.
The film industry has defined the word to signify the original reshoot with minor changes.
Do you have an overwhelming desire to see a lower version of Brian Depalma's adaptation of Steven King's novel?
This is your dream come true.
Rachel (Emily Bergl), a lycée pariah, begins to notice strange things that happen around her.
The doors slam themselves.
The glass globes explode.
Her mother has serious mental problems and her father is absent.
A popular boy unexpectedly asks him.
The incorporation conspires to embarrass it during a public event.
The other of these familiar sounds?
Once the public has understood that it is the same story as "Carrie", there is not much to do but wait for the inevitable end.
The effects are a little better this time, but the film does not work as well.
There are some differences from minor plots.
Rachel lives with reception parents because his mother is institutionalized.
The boys in his school are described as even worse than in the original.
They keep the score of their score with points given for each conquest.
And, uh, there must be other changes in history but none stands out.
A nice touch is the cast of Amy Irving again under the name of Sue Snell.
More than 20 years ago, she was the only girl who tried to help Carrie.
Now a secondary advisor, she became friends with Rachel, but the potential of her character is wasted.
There is too much about Sue which does not make sense.
After the massacre when Carrie kills most of her classmates, Sue is made mad and spends time in the institution in which Rachel's mother is located.
Always living in the same small town, the woman with a well -known history of mental problems is hired as a secondary advisor?
Sue tells Rachel that his telekinesis is a genetic disease.
This is perhaps the only original idea of the film, but reasoning behind the description of psychic powers as a "disease" is never explained.
Sue's possible fate is an admission of director Katt Shea and the writer Rafael Moreu that they had an interesting character but could not understand what to do with her.
flashes and you will miss it.
Some events are filmed in black and white, but the justification for this is unknown.
He adds nothing and the choice of scenes seems a little random.
 "The rage" retains some of the external signs of "Carrie" without meaning.
In the first film, Color Red was a reason linked to the beginning of Carrie's powers at the same time, it began to have its period.
Here, there is an abundance of red, but aimlessly.
The casting of Jocks and Pom-Pom Girls of the Lycée as bad guys is starting to wear a slim.
We could have to suspect that most filmmakers were unpopular at school and that the history of adolescent films is a prolonged cinematographic revenge of the Nerds.
The biggest error that the film is to include clips from the original.
Seeing Sissy Spacek on the screen only indicates the quality of this film - and its faults.