A pseudo-intellectual film on the pseudo-intellectual world of artistic magazines, high art is as wasted as its toxic protagonists.
In the only notable part of the film, Ally Sheedy and Radha Mitchell offer great performances in the two most important roles, not only the script or the management of Lisa Cholodenko makes you worry a lot about one or the other of the characters.
Living in a world of heroin's naice, they float until they fall in love with each other.
This unattractive image, full of pretentious minor characters, has a receptionist who reads Dostoevski and a woman in the line of catering fabrics which is a certified genius, having recently received a prestigious McArthur subsidy.
Syd, 24, Syd (Radha Mitchell), who has a rather bland and live boyfriend, has just been promoted to assistant editor in the "Frame" artistic photography magazine.
Although the receptionist is impressed, Syd is mainly a Gofer for her boss until she meets the famous photographer Lucy Berliner (Ally Sheedy).
In order for her to take photos for "frame", Lucy demands that Syd be promoted publisher and which is assigned to her since Lucy who fantasy.
Lucy lives with her current lover, a washed German actress named Greta, played with a series of frequently indecipherable MARMONS by Patricia Clarkson.
The two of them and their friends repel their sniffing and dope time, generally heroin.
This does not happen in a single episode, but becomes more common than sleeping on the image.
Syd, who lives in the apartment below them, joins the pleasure and becomes a member of the Zombie Club.
Lucy seems quite happy with her drug life, which is apparently funded by her mother.
Lucy has stopped working professionally 10 years ago since she thought she was "pigeoned" and, since her mother has money, we can only assume that this is how Lucy supports her habit andproceeds at its subsistence costs.
A typical scene asks the publishers to wonder if the work of a potential photographer is transcendental or simply classic.
The fact that no one has the slightest idea of the dogma they spring becomes obvious but not particularly funny.
 "Your work has a cultural currency which is important now", is the artist's specialist whom the director of the manager uses to convince Lucy to show his photos in the magazine.
When the big scene arrives in which Lucy puts the movements on Syd, his idea of a romantic line is: "I want to put myself up."
In the world of Lucy, sex and drugs are peer.
And the film, with the exception of the compulsory scene of someone almost overdose, shows that drug use is a part of the hip and natural of the artistic scene.
This empty image throws in a standard Downer ending with an attempt to manipulate our emotions.
In another film, it might have worked, but in it, the reaction is probably resolved.
High Art works 1: 36.
It is evaluated R for explicit sex, the omnipresent consumption of drugs and the language and is not suitable for younger people than university age.