Bruce Willis must stay away from simple action photos.
Mercury Rising adds to a growing list (including stinks such as the jackal, the last standing man, the striking distance and the last scout) of the expired actuators he has titled.
And although Mercury Rising tries to spice things by throwing an autistic child in the mixture, he is just as out of date.
Art Jeffries (Bruce Willis) is your typical tormented FBI agent.
You know the guy, haunted by his work, but so good in what he does, even for the physical assault of another agent simply to slap his wrist.
Enter Simon (Miko Hughes), an autistic boy who, like Rain Man and all the other autistic people, is a scientist.
He can just watch a super encrypted message and, while small computer beeps are triggered in his head, he can understand what he says.
Naturally, this talent brought him to the attention of the federal government.
LT.COL.NICHOLAS KUDROW (Alec Baldwin), an NSA official Bouillon de Mal, spent countless times and money to implement the latest "unbreakable" code, Mercury.
However, when two of his subordinates (Robert Stanton and Bodhi Pine Elfman) publish a encrypted Mercury message in a puzzle magazine as the final test of its efficiency, Simon cracks the code.
Naturally, this exasperates Kudrow, who sends a Terminator type hitman (L. L.
Ginter) to eliminate the danger of security.
And that's where Art Jeffries comes into play.
For any reason, which has never been explained in the film, the FBI is called to help, and through a series of complex machinations, art becomes the only protector of the young autistic boy.
In some unrealistic sequences, he claims the help of a foreigner, Stacey (Kim Dickens), to help, but she has very little to do overall.
The central concept behind Mercury Rising is ridiculous.
Why take the trouble to try to kill the child ... I
Who would know?
It is not as if the child (or someone else elsewhere) knew he was cracked a super-government super-cypher.
And even if it is eliminated, what does it help?
He has already proven that mercury can be broken.
There is always the chance that someone else makes him crack ... but
I suppose that without a Jeopardy child, there is not a lot of film here.
For all its faults, the film actually starts relatively well (once you pass the painfully familiar teaser).
The film flirts with the development of real characters and a semblance of a plot ... then
M .Terminator the Hitman appears and it all starts to go down ... Quickly.
Miko Hughes does a decent job, for his age, to create a touching performance.
However, do not go in this film in search of new perspectives on autism (not many people).
Instead, he simply becomes the last unique partner in a routine buddy-clop film (think of the cop and a half ... with a torsion!)
Willis and Baldwin are only hitting too much.
Rather than creating a nuanced character, Baldwin simply oozes.
And for the part of Willis, he simply recycles the role of stock of the solitary COP / FBI agent (which he perfected in the Die Hard series).
Like almost a reflection after the fact, halfway, the film negligently gives it a character trait (a dependence), then drops it into the next scene.
But the biggest problem with Mercury Rising is the scenario.
This film was not at all well thought out.
The film goes to extraordinary lengths to fill as many practical coincidences as possible.
The carbon paper scene alone is unworthy of the most gullible public member.
At the beginning, the bad scenes flow, but by the horribly bad final, they are a real flood.
The few decent moments of the film are in the form of bad jokes (mainly geeks that have developed the supercode).
But they were not enough for the film to be worth it.
Mercury Rising is a thriller on which you are more likely to moan than joy.