54 is dull, superficial, without inspiration and boring.
A greater writer could have created a lyrical sentence for each of these adjectives, flowing in beautiful Aranges with booming metaphors.
However, I prefer the continuation of the pursuit.
54 is dull, superficial, without inspiration and boring.
There is nothing in it - not an overview of the depth, nor a flicker of intelligence or insight.
There is no electricity in any of the scenes, nor a moment of interest in history or its sub -intrigues.
And it is underdeveloped and presents a range of bland characters played by actors who think they are in the nights of Boogie this year.
They are so wrong.
The image was assembled by Mark Christopher.
Based on this film, I don't know how he got a job in the business.
54 is supposed to be an incredible overview of the world of the dance club of the same name, which comes from the 70s and closed its doors in the 80s.
I do not know if this film entered production after the release of Boogie Nights, but Christopher managed to plague the brilliant work of Paul Thomas Anderson in any way possible, from the frame of the intrigue to the style of cinematography.
What is missing is all that made the nights of Boogie great: depth, intelligence, energy, fascinating characters and difficult themes.
54 I cannot even measure until the last days of disco, which is imperfect, but always intelligent and entertaining.
It is a remarkably bad timing, I would say, to release such a tedious film after a few remarkable photos of the same kind.
However, I exaggerated: there is an interesting character and a great performance.
This character is Steve Rubell, played with more perception of Mike Myers than this lame production deserves it.
Steve Rubell is the owner of Studio 54, and if Christopher had focused on him, then Myers could have forced a good film to leave this wreck alone.
Alas, we are rather guided to support the tests of a young man named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a teenager from the current New Jersey who obtains a job in the club, thanks to the homosexual impulses of Rubell.
It is here that he meets his friends, the range of characters without interest: his colleague, Greg (Brecklin Meyer), his wife, Anita (Salma Hayek), and, of course, love interest, Julie Black (NeveCampbell).
Shane is just an innocent young idiot at first, and he has a reasonably robust family life.
 (Some scenes with his father are the interesting border, while Heather Matarazzo, who plays his sister, repels Phillippe on the screen.)
But he decides to wrap in the disco scene and succumb to the pressure of peers and drugs.
The reason why his "friends" push him into drugs are never really explained, but the fact that they are "friends" is questioned only is superficial (Greg becomes really angry with Shane because he was raised inbartender status).
There is not a single conflict that occupies the front of the stage, except that Shane has a kind of unexplored reservation with the company in which he works.
Most of the film is stupid and most of the dialogue is stupid.
There is a scene at the end of the film in which Shane confronts Julie Black, and, in the next scene, they are arms in their arm without a little development.
Then they kiss in a bowling alley!
These are five minutes of equipment, thrown into the photo at the last minute (well after the one hour brand, and it's not a long film to start).
Campbell is a talented actress, but she needs a role that gives her a little depth.
This one does not do it.
And Phillippe has almost no presence; this performance pales in relation to the role of stars of Mark Whalberg in Boogie Nights.
He seems stupid and wrong, and his voice never changes from tone.
I guess he was chosen for the color of his hair and the shape of his body, but it seems to me quite tagged.
He is wrong for a main role, but that does not help Christ Opher has forgotten to develop his characters.
At the end of 54, Shane's most notable feature is his stupid and false accent.
The other performances are wasted.
Hayek is an energetic and talented young actress, and does almost nothing here.
Meyer is endearing, but is not allowed to be deeper than the cardboard.
Only Myers, by pure force of talent, manages to rise above the Painte de Christopher's paddling pool of a script.
Rubell was written just as depth as the rest of the characters, but Myers is good enough to inject subtleties which help to complete the performance.
In fact, Myers is the only reason to see 54, and all he does is to make you wish that the film has made around him.
I read that Studio 54 was recreated in the last details.
Frankly, I don't care.
It is easy to recreate something technical like that.
A fairly qualified production designer and some carpenters can manage such a task.
In addition, Christopher keeps the lights so low that the sets are invisible, anyway.
Aside from the performance of Myers, 54 is a complete failure.
It is dull, superficial, without inspiration and boring.
Some may find my comparisons with unjust nights, but they are so obvious to me.
In any event, 54 is pale without contrast.
This does not even work as insane entertainment: it is so superficial that the most escaped viewers are likely to reject it.
So don't forget these keywords: dull, superficial, inspiration and boring.
Everything I said was just a padding.