There are those of us who consider Leslie Nielsen as the unhappy and unhappy hetero man of the hysterical films "Naked Gun", cracks an immediate smile and forgive him the whole vacillating film in which he has been committed since.
The usurpers of the vacillating film, however, are less forgiven.
To be fair, "wrongly accused", the sending in question and the third parody of Nielsen since the last "pistol", is not as excruciating without humor as his "Dracula: Dead and Loving It" or "Spy Hard", What a powerful good thing.
Nielsen is always in comical form of spikes, capable of making a way through the most horrible word games, but he really needs a scenario that plays his talents instead of relying on them, and heneeds very soon.
 "Accessfully accused" brings together the premises of "The Fugitive" and "Patriot Games", throwing his star from the game always as Ryan Harrison (Get It?), A master violinist who is trained in a connection with a married tempter (Kelly the Brock).
However, she puts Harrison to take rap for the murder of her husband (Michael York) - a crime really committed by a man with a germ to a weapon, an art (Aaron Pearl).
Harrison is arrested, found guilty and sentenced to death, but escapes from a prison bus, of course, then is chased by a determined u.Tommy Lee Jones, Oscar winner).
There is also a mystery brunette (Melinda McGraw) and an assassination intrigue involving the U.N.Secretaire General, but like all this.
 "Accessfully accused" takes an assured start, with a Nielsen in the concert, praised "Lord of the violin" by posters with bare torso, pulling a Jimi Hendrix on his musical instrument like hundreds of Mosh Smoking-Vêtue in front of Lescène.
Nice touch.
Most of the following scenes, however, never exceed the opener.
 (Hysterical exceptions: mentos and "baywatch" goofs.)
Film parodies are piled up at an almost subliminal pace, but most are empty.
When a giant snake leans over the screen and tears an actor from the "Anaconda" or baseball players disappear in a corn field "Field of Dreams", there is really nothing to laugh.
Other moments, such as an interlude in a fishing workshop, are so vague that you are not sure of what you are supposed to laugh.
There seem to be cheap references than frenzied shipments here, so it is possible that the director / writer Pat Proft, by bombing the spectator of a carefree mixture of the two, guarantees that something is certain to stick.
And what does Stick Collet well, in particular Jabs during gender conventions like stylized flashbacks and a hard dialogue, which these "bare pistols" (on which Proft collaborated) did very well; these bitsare so on target that they allow you to remember "wrongly accused" like a parody almost backwards instead of a lameless failure.
The film could have been cursed to start, quickly opening onto the heels of "Mafia!", Of Proft colleague, Jim Abrahams, and "Baseketball", from Proft colleague, David Zucker, but it is a strong possibility thatNo one accuses of obtaining "wrongly accused" of being the funniest in Nielsen.