Sandra Bullock in high heels and brandishing a chainsaw?
Yeah, it must be summer.
Just when you thought that the useless suite had followed the way to franchise films and direct video releases, in Port Slams Speed 2: Cruise Control, the glorious follow -up of the 1994 sleeve of the sleeper about aGreeted bus to explode if he has slowed down a certain speed.
The gadget, this time, is a faked ocean lining, finally, on things.
Does that seem exciting?
Dennis Hopper's unhappy bombs deputy, the villain of the first film, has given way to the unhappy computer programmer of Willem Dafoe, a maniac whose main beef has something to do with having to use living leeches,I do not make fun of you, as a self-treatment treatment for copper pourmpotication.
 (And says poisoning induced by prolonged exposure to magnetic electro fields, no less!
Call Dean Edell ...)
Thus, he won on the computer of the boat, convinces the crew of abandoning the ship and sends the remaining passengers, those who could not evacuate over time, on a collection course with Destiny.
 (Curiously, nobody just thinks .....
Jump from the back of the boat.)
With Keanu Reeves choosing not to come back-maybe he read the script?-
John McClane's work goes to Jason Patric (Sleepers), like the member * of the second * COP and Swat Team Member that this baby bus Annie (Bullock) dated.
 ( what are the chances ? )
They are on this Caribbean cruise for pleasure, just like a handful of characters in required stock, including a deaf adolescent (!) Who has the crush for the hero (!!) who also knows how to sign (!!!).
 (And you thought the Raptor Slam was a cool summer film movement?
Wait until you see the exploits that * this * little girl can do, when you are stuck on an elevator on board!)
Bullock is her annoying and guillerette ego, although she finds herself with much less screen time than her invoicing suggests.
 (Those who pay attention to his tops of bikini- and tanks will probably not complain, however) Patric is the main man in movement and it is damn good, because he stops to speak, he does notis that slightly less monotonous than its predecessor.
 (His first line lol is at MS. Bullock: "I would like to boog with you.")
Of course, no one in front of the camera is completely embarrassed how the return director Jan de Bont made.
He also produced this waste, which is insulting even according to the most lax summer standards.
 (Con Air, Buddy, Father's Day, Romy and Michelle's High School Réunion, murder at 1600, 8 heads in a sports bag, Anaconda, Vegas Vacation, meet Wally Sparks, Metro, Bevery Hills Ninja, all isforgiven).
Worse, he spent a hundred millet on a premise that does not even respect his title!
There is no movement inducing the perspiration of the ocean here - only two hours of work of trembling pocket camera and a handful of cross -sides, all leading to the Big Slam, when the love boat has extinguished aSTAINTE truck then plowed in Unville du Port.
 (Oh, how far we arrived in twenty years.
Remember the simple pleasure of seeing a locomotive break in the station in the silver sequence?)
Certainly, one or the other of the aforementioned sequences is worth the entry price.
It's just the rest of the film - the other a hundred minutes - it's pure nonsense.
And wonderful nonsense to that.
I know he did not intend to do it, but from Bont did one thing well: he created the funniest film of the year.
So now, allow you to present some other things that have made me laugh:
O a box with a large label: "fiber optic converter"
o Computer instructions in simple English, entirely in phase
o an entire sequence devoted to the opening of a fire of fire
O The character of Jason Patric walks on the bridge and immediately understands everything that happens
O A ship browser speaking in a Scottish accent and can say "I am replacing it!"
o keyboard mounted on Willem Dafoe's arm
O Two living and breathable adults (Bullock ' S The character and the first companion) which must be informed, step by step, how to disconnect a spin of the spindle of a hand grenade.
duh
O "No waiting!"
Shout the intercom of the ship
O still another good dog in danger
O Fishing coil.
Pontoon plan.
Memories of the weekend at Bernie