I'm sorry for the donors of "waterworld", which is supposed to be the most expensive film ever made ($ 172 million!), And it is also one of the most stupid - the boy has-It ripped!
In fact, this film is not really a film, but no more an amusement park stroll with an intrigue.
It is not even just another case of clichés that come together (well, that's it too), it is something that is painful to look at because it savor its faults.
Kevin Costner embodies a man who is a kind of half-man mutant / half of fish.
He is an explorer / sailor on an alternative land which is completely covered with water because the glacial caps have melted.
He is called the sailor, but they "the villain" would have been a more appropriate title because it is cold, rigid and strict - and it is supposed to be the right guy!
He accosted in a small floating village in a way.
He exchanges dirt for money and this presents the other important characters.
We first meet one of the bad guys, then the heroine who goes soon, a child prodigy, a eccentric inventor and a group of primitive people who have someone of the technology that we have today, butAlso part of the low technologies tools used by hackers and Vikings.
Immediately, is the biggest defect in the film: are these people primitive or very advanced?
It does not seem that anyone can read, but they have ski-doo and planes!
How are these things fed?
And if they have planes, could they not continue to fly until they reach dry earth?
In addition, if the planet is completely covered with water, where did they get the materials to do these things?
I'm sorry, I'm absolutely to check your brain at the door when I go to the movies, but elements like these cannot go unnoticed because they keep our attention from history and confuse us.
There was a potential here for a good history of pirate which takes place in medieval times before modern technology, so why mix the two together?
It does not mean anything.
There is really not much intrigue here because the story moves so quickly that it never takes time to explain anything.
The only thing we learn is that the child prodigy, Enola (Mojorino), has a tattoo on his back which is supposed to be a "dry earth" card.
Who put the tattoo there and how is it that it took them so long to understand this?
We never get an answer, just a stupid action film on anyone can get the girl will be the kind of winner if they reach dry land.
To make a long, boring little story, stupid and simply a bad story; the sailor escapes with a woman named Helen (Tripplehorn) and Enola.
They navigate for a long time, meeting strange people in the process and fight "the smokers" in mind by the bad idiot deacon (hopper), who kidnaps Enola.
The story becomes an adventure too great with the sailor who faces an army of henchmen, saving Enola and all brought them to salvation (how original).
Even with all its special effects, action and adventure, this film is boring.
Not a single character is sympathetic, so the intrigue either.
Dennis Hopper completely tears Jack Nicholson's Joker, while Costner is simply tearing himself off.
However, "waterworld" is professionally manufactured with a good production design and an original idea but no substance.
I just hope they don't go on!