Some films ask you to leave your brain at the door, some films ask you to believe the impossible to have a good time.
Playing God just asks a simple thing, Ensy and adolescent so that she can entertain you fully, she is accomplished in four easy steps to follow: Open your skull, pick up your brain, mash it under your foot several times and reversed themstages two and two years old.
Congratulations, you now have all the necessary requirements to fully enjoy anything.
Some films fail at the box office, but you manage to see why producers thought it could have been a good film, others are simply good ideas that are poorly executed.
Then, there is Gody God, who enters the estimated category of films which seem to have grown from the union of a drunk director, satisfied actors knowing that this horrible film will have no lasting impact on their careersAnd a bunch of scams (or tributes as they like to call it) from other films of better films that end up looking like unreserved toilets.
harsh? Maybe.
justified?
Yes of course !
This is a film that is not only satisfied to tear it away from other films, but which feels the need to remind us of this fact every ten minutes.
For example, a shooter breaks out in a garden with the two cannons in his shooting hands.
It looks moderately Kool, but the camera persists on the actor for so long that you can almost hear the director shout: "Oooh, look!
John Woo!
Two flamboyant cannons!
Slootooow motion! "
And if that was not enough, you can also hear the script script under the effort it takes to try to ensure that each line of dialogue looks like something deep and significant as in a Tarantino film.
Poor Timothy Hutton can deliver most of the cheesy lines, you have to admire the effort it puts there, this guy deserves better.
Unlike most films, it does not suffer from "stupid bad guy" syndrome, just to make things a little different this time we get stupid heroes.
Example: Duchovny manages to distract a villain by bringing him into the bathroom to obtain bandages.
Now, the villain is, like, the lapid, a man, then he leaves his rifle next to our hero.
 (term used as vaguely as possible)
The survival instincts and a good dose of common sense seems to suggest grasping the shotgun, which our hero does, but only after having considered it for about thirty seconds.
Even when he catches it, it does not seem sure to maintain it, going so far as to ask itself if it should place a finger near the trigger.
Be careful, I have never pulled a hunting rifle in my life but believe me, the villain would miss most of his vital organs, whether stoned or not.
Some will say that our hero has no killer instinct, hell with that!
Two FBI guys have just been slaughtered in front of me, with a villain and the other seems that he could go ballistic at any second.
solution ?
Boom!
I will take the time to feel sorry later, thank you very much.
Another excellent example of silly hero syndrome:
Our Duchovny boy needs to reach his daughter before something bad happens to him.
He knows that the villain with his head has it on the tenth floor of a building and that he could run in a room full of people with itching fingers.
He still has his hunting rifle, bring him along you?
No thank you, I'm just going to abandon it in the back of my car.
And the real kicker is as follows: when he reaches the room and people start to shoot him, he has the cheek to look surprised!
While we are being shot, why was Hades of those FBI guys with our backs at the door?
I have no formal training but even I know that you never sit with your back at the door.
Ask Mr.Wild Bill, the first and the only time he did not sit with his back on a wall cost him his life.
This is the major problem with this film, all Mook could have thought of a hundred ways to improve it.
Is it so much to ask that h Ollywood actually put a little good sense in their characters?
For example :
Our heroes hide at the Duchovny summer house, now the bad guys could hit at any time.
Ok, this time, our hero is making a gun and does it by his side most of the time.
But see, our hero is a drug addict and guess what?
He now chooses to clean himself and suffer by DT.
Oh of course, he will be really impressive when the bad guys come to call.
Going cleaning is really honorable of him, but I would have waited for I don't need to be aware or be able to shoot a gun.
For a pleasant performance by Timothy Hutton, the troop intrigue The size of Godzilla, that our insulted intelligence and several "oh come on!"
moments .