Well, Arnold has accomplished the apparently impossible task.
He made three consecutive insatisory action films.
In an area he owns, it is very surprising that this goliath of an action star cannot say a good action script for a bad.
Eraser, in 1996, was a confused film which made no attempt at meaning.
Batman and Robin, in 1997, were the black sheep of the Batman series with a ridiculous game, silly action scenes and painfully flashy costumes.
Now in 1999, "End of Days" (not "The End of Days") is the third strike in a difficult bat for Arnold.
Is this the end of the long-standing career of an action star?
Will Arnold never give us another unforgettable performance in another unforgettable classic like those of the past ("Terminator", "Terminator 2: Judgment Day", "Predator")?
Or an unforgettable performance in great guilty pleasure like those of the past ("Commando", "Red Sonja", "True Lies")?
It doesn't look like this.
 "End of the days" begins with the birth of a little girl in 1979 who, inexorably, due to the training of the stars that evening, will be the bearer of the baby of Satan the hour before the New Year of 2000.
Fortunately for the good of the film, the girl grew up and now lies in Manhattan with skyscrapers, metro trains in dark tunnels and a myriad of incompetent NYPD officers.
It is the dream of an action film that has come true when the director receives tons of nice things to explode.
Imagine if the girl had lived in any city city, in the United States, where the only thing to destroy is a dairy queen and a post office.
Arnold Schwarzenegger (Jericho Cane), in a series of boring events is found in the middle of a religious battle between the church, who tries to hide the girl (or in some cases trying to kill her), and Satan (Gabriel Byrne) who tries to make her pregnant.
If the devil succeeds, the world will no longer exist as we know him.
Jericho feels that he is his duty to protect everyone's girl because 1) he had once faith but did not do it anymore and 2) his wife and daughter were killed and he felt responsible for it.
Jericho Cane is your cliché hero and ambaggeum to his name.
Arnold rightly plays the character as cliché as possible.
He shouts everyone, from the cops to the priests, to the devil.
In a truly hilarious scene, which was supposed to be the ultimate dramatic culmination point, Jericho shouts in the devil; "You are a @ # $ ^%! &
Choir Boy!
You are a choir boy! "
These two lines scored the high points of this film.
A film can always be pleasant when the support cast is more effective than the main actor.
 "End of days" does not contain memorable performance except Gabriel Byrne.
Byrne, playing a man who was the manifestation of the devil, seems to be the only one having fun in all this film.
He wonderfully plays a manipulator with the power to control everyone at any time.
What is boring about his character, however, is that he has the power to kill any human with a simple punch in the face, but it finds impossible to seriously hurt Jericho.
I cannot count the number of times he could have killed Jericho and remove the daughter from his guard.
The other actors in the film give very low and unconvincing performances.
Kevin Pollak, who plays the partner and close friend of Jericho, is the supposedly funny character of the film (each action film has one).
The only problem is that Pollak does not deliver a funny line.
Robin Tunney plays the chosen mother of Satan's baby with extreme annoyance.
She has no sympathy of one of the characters in the film, except Arnold who claims that she is her wife and daughter, or one of the public viewers.
In an unnecessary scene, Tunney comes out of his room and takes off his top.
Is it his work in the film?
The actors are not fully blamed because the script is terrible.
You can say that a script is terrible when you can predict what will happen a few minutes before.
This little prediction game is a very fun exception to try to sit through this nonsense of a film.
In a last attempt to make this film good, special effects are used to try to entertain the public.
But without a memorable action scene throughout the film, the director has not done his job successfully.
This film would have obtained a C + if Arnold stood in front of a camera and shouted "you are a! $ @ ^ @ * ^
Boy choir !! "
For two hours.