The _babe_ original was my favorite film from 1995, a sleeper hit that transcended its target audience.
Being a surprise commercial and critical success, he had no marketing links, which limited his final grip.
Thus, baby 2 arrives, with a budget greater than the money earned in baby 1.
Looking dolls, teddy t-shirts and MACY's Thanksgiving Day automatic distributors arrive for vacation big.
too late .
This is a sad criticism to write, because baby 2 not only does not _ot_ at the height of the original, but it does not even happen to a fraction.
I should not expect that the suites of modern fairy tales correspond to the magic of their predecessors, but this film tries too hard and loses its charm.
Consider a driver applying the accelerator with great intensity, ignoring that his car is neutral.
Imagine with me, if you want, Jamie Kennedy of _scream_, explaining the "rules" for suites like Babe 2.
 (1) There must be speaking animals.
 (2) There must be a comedy Slapstick _more_.
 (3) There must be songs _more_ so that these mice sing: it's cute.
 (4) Keep the history cards to break the action: it's cute too, even if "the pig becomes wise" had no meaning, given the context of this partition.
 (5) There must be an action, as illogical, which will evoke hinged scenes of the original: the brand song that nobody remembers the words, the secret code baa-ram-wewe, the "that will do,pork.
that should do ."
Now throw the limits: (a) James Cromwell, now hot goods, has a limited time on the set (or maybe he has not approved the script).
 (b) Christine Cavanaugh, La Voix du Bébé de original, asks more money ($ 200,000 - overcome the budget of $ 80 million).
out .
E.G.
Daily intervenes with notable results.
 (c) George Miller, the director, is better known for his dark futuristic futuristic films and his Twilight Zone segment, not for Kiddie Fare (and no, he did not make this film _andre_ in 1994).
 (d) The special effects are impressive, _But Limited_.
Babe speaks, but most of the time from a single blow, repeated over and over again.
 (Babe is a central screen, looking directly in the camera, with a sly smile - without what it is happy, frightened or tired).
Now season with the "original" elements which, as we will discover, come directly from the scriptwriter.
 (i) Change the place into "the big city".
It was hailed as an extreme original.
Excuse me: Didn't he do that several years ago?
What about the Muppets?
Even the bad news from Bears have traveled to Tokyo.
Sorry .
No die.
Side note: To give the city a fairy tale look, George Miller has designed a fantastic fantasyland that merges the landmarks of the big cities of the world, and yes, it's impressive.
But that too is overused, repeating the same view over and over again.
And, for the most part, baby _remans at the hotel_.
 (ii) Given Cromwell's limits, the human element is taken up by "The Boss' Wife" played by Magda Szubanski.
stretchable .
She is not a main actress, she is not funny enough in her physical comedy, and she is simply embarrassing in some of her falls.
 (Make him falsely arrest drug charges!
Ask him to accidentally encourage a riot with biker guys and slightly dressed girls!
Did she bounce back on an elastic cord during a prestigious service dinner!)
I hoped a little sly smile during these scenes, but I felt sorry for the embarrassment in which she put herself.
I escape to speak of the dark nature of the film, of violence, of the scene where a Pit-Taureau hangs from the bridge, my head submerged underwater.
Even the best fairy tales have a little macabre, as the Grimm brothers have demonstrated it.
No ... my problem is with history, or its absence.
_Bab E_ is sent to save the Hoggett farm, but once in the city, this story is forgotten.
Being a pig of good humor in the middle of the cynicism of its surroundings is nice, but, apart from the rescue of this above-mentioned pit-ball, what does baby really _do_?
Without giving the end, the farm is saved from a quirk of the left field which had nothing to do with the pig.
Speaking of "Pig", or, "Pig-Pig-Pig-Pig-Pig!".
The word "pig" is so overused, if they had changed it into an explanive, and if the pig was Al Pacino, I could have looked at _Scarface_.
Is it a script?
In addition, I cannot explain the deep rodent of my instinct in the many scenes where accidents arrive at good people in incredibly elaborate configurations.
If it was a cartoon, and the victim was an equivalent of Elmer Fudd, maybe my reaction would have been softened.
But at the farmer Hoggett?
his wife ?
An elderly Mickey Rooney?
Far too irreverent.
 ( " fast !
Spice these singing mice in these scenes! ").
The film is not a colossal failure.
I liked the Chimpanzee Schmoozy by Glenne Headley.
I liked the pink poodle.
The dog on the cart, which temporarily thinks that it is in the dog's paradise.
And a bizarre guy who may have been doubly broken as an employee of the airport and judge.
But most of the time, I looked downstairs, in boredom or in embarrassment on the hacked script.
They singing mice, these chapter partitions, the game competing animals - none of these elements can compensate for a story.
Let me spoil the final scene: Farmer Hoggett looks at Pig, proud, says "it will do, pig.
that should do ."
that's it .
I hope I haven't spoiled it for you.
But tell me this: what is this pig _do_?