If you are the kind of person who will see movies just because you aspire to some of this too expensive theater popcorn (optional butter), then it's the film for you!
Indeed, this must be either one of the most unimaginated scams of other recent action films, or an incredibly funny parody.
It is difficult to understand such a tasteless unless you really watch this film.
But at least we are very quickly informed that we can regret our purchase of tickets, giving us the opportunity to sneak in the adjacent program.
What are the four ingredients of a very bad action film?
First of all, the film gives us an introductory premise.
Huge caves exist deep under the bottom of the ocean, and in this area, many ships have disappeared.
Oooh ... scary!
Second, a cheesy soundtrack tries to call a tone of mystery, but only succeeds in drowning our ears with an abrasive musical score.
Third, the main character is a mercenary who delivers goods without asking for the content of his cargo (Treat Williams).
He exploits a sophisticated military style pt boat and each word that comes out of his mouth is flooded with comic cashe.
Finally, in the care, we see those who hired it.
These are also mercenaries who have difficult haircuts, speak with accents and try to show how macho they are.
During their trip through the Stormy Sea, their boat undergoes an incident and requires repairs.
Looking for a cruise boat in the distance, they head for the ocean liner and develop a plan to attack the machining workshop, take the pieces they need, then continue their joyful path.
They do not know that this cruise ship has become infested by a kind of ocean monster.
However, they climb aboard the armed ship with the handful of grenades and machine guns that can kill dozens in a few seconds.
It's nothing more than a book action film.
Their realization of the situation in which they occur does not occur before they are in the bowels of the boat.
Those who are stupid enough to move away alone will finally be killed.
The corridors on the ship are narrow, misty and provide the type of atmosphere that all frightening must have.
However, despite the foreseeable nature of this film, there are frightening "Boo" moments.
But most is simply silly.
And this film is also unusually bloody.
The monsters essentially aspire the flesh and spit skeletal remains.
There is a particularly neat scene where a monster has been cut and reveals a victim who is still alive.
He shouts horribly while the monster's digestive juices continue to eat it slowly.
In addition, he strongly borrows from Speed2, Alien and a bunch of other recent films.
The mercenaries even come up against a single and surviving passenger (Femke Jannsen) who looks like Sandra Bullock.
To be honest, when I left the theater, I just had to laugh at the way the film was impeccable.
It is at best fun.
So, if you avile for a large bucket of popcorn served with a stupid side, it could well hit the place.