I like movies.
I really do.
Whenever I watch great films like Goodfellas (1990) or Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981), a tear comes to my eye because of the impressive talent, skills and entertainment that are exposed.
Films still of lower quality such as The Naked Gun 33 1/3 (1994) or Ghostbusters II (1988), although not exactly well manufactured, are certainly not a waste of celluloid and current entertainment.
Then there is my favorite Martian, the exact opposite of what a film should be: a pressed, badly written and played film with a single goal, to earn money.
Disney, since the Lion King (1994), has lost their magic touch, but this slag shows how Disney has flowed.
Christopher Lloyd plays a Martian who crashes in front of T. La Car Tim O'hara de V Reporter (Daniels), and soon Tim finds the Martian in his house, trying to recover and repair his spacecraft.
With its spatial combination `` Zoot '', expressed by Wayne Knight, must repair her spacecraft before her explosion, and also try to stop her identity revealed to the public, first of all by O'Hara, but later by hisRival T.V The presenter Bracening (Hurley), by calling himself the uncle Martin de Tim. '
"Laughter" is supposed to come from "comic" events, but never does.
Many bad films have good intentions, but my favorite Martian does not seem to try to provide entertainment.
Filled with special Wham Bang special effects, my favorite Martian offers a little more than beautiful eyes for the eyes.
Christopher Lloyd Fraying his way through the whole film, I have never seen a man shooting a face for 93 minutes until now.
Jeff Daniels plays the "nice guy" and his role is useless.
His performance is incredibly lazy, although his paper character does not deserve more than the performance he gives.
Darryl Hannah looks as pretty as ever, but his role is somewhat limited.
Hurley wanders "actor" to "shout and look like a twit" and wins the David Wilcock prize for the "most irritating performance and the devil in a moving image. '
way of going liz!
For the support cast, Disney manages to assemble each character actor there, during the film, I was going, he was the guy ... Ah..er ... ''
Before finally abandoning and extinguishing.
Another major setback is the basic comedy companion. '
Unfortunately, the writers (Sherri Stoner and Deanna Oliver, if someone cares) forget that a comedy acolyte must be "funny. '
Instead, they deliver Zoot, the Martians deeply irregular.
Although supposed to be a manic character without a doubt, each line that comes out of his "neck" is a failure.
A real failure.
Citizen Kane gives more laughs for a minute than her polyester element of hell.
Even the children of the public were insulted by this character: no child even cared to smile.
It is a beautiful special effect, however.
Another problem with this comedy is the gags themselves.
Or rather, their lack.
My favorite Martian reaches a new level of toilet humor: he passes in front of the bowl, along the pipe and in the sewer.
Now, the humor of the toilet can be funny, as Dumb and Dumber (1994) showed with humor.
But here, the characters who fart, blunt and almost being crossed (literally) is not "fun. '
It is insulting.
There is a good gag just before the credits, but it seems that the guy who wrote that Gag died tragically and his faithful twin continued.
Either that or they hoped that six -year -old children who were easy to please would not care that his film is beaten by men at work in the funny issues.
Yes, men at work.
Yowza!
The fact that a lot of money was pumped into this film and that they made people accept to be in this film deprive me even more.
There are thousands of brilliant films that cannot obtain distribution, but waste like this one is easily launched nationally.
Fortunately, as soon as it earns money, he will never do it Be revised, and my favorite Martian will finish where the two main characters are made towards the end of the film: Down the Toilet.