This is my first criticism that I post in this discussion group, and I have the impression of saying something negative about this film.
No one else seems to worry that certain freedoms are needed that should not be taken with a historical history.
However, even if it is considered a fiction, "the prince of Egypt" remains superficial.
But I'm going to start from the start.
The biggest difference between the original biblical history and this version is that Moses has a semblance of divinity in the Bible, while the animated version gives the impression of a reluctant hero.
It may be just me, but if I knew that I had God on my side, I would have a little more confidence.
There are also other differences, such as the lack of important female characters and the passage of the death of Pharaah original as if it was nothing other than a thing.
Above all, however, the objective of history has changed.
Rather than being a story about the father-son, the man-ethnicity, the man-god, "the prince of Egypt" concerns almost only the brother-brother relationship between trains and Moses.
I was originally enthusiastic about this element of history until I see the film, where it appeared as Maudlin.
Rames and Moses bicker like children and then, in the interest of peace, Moses saves the branches, even if Moses was the one who started it ...
 * yawning * I didn't care at the moment when Moses fled for having murdered a supervisor (which, of course, never occurred in the original history - Moses was exiled).
But enough on the differences.
Let's talk about the film itself.
He presents a Moses which, in order to make the character more human, has no divinity, which is not at all convincing to anyone who knows who is God.
He presents a biscuit "i-Wanna-Pour-Dada" biscuit, which at least is given dignity by the voice of Ralph Fiennes (from Schindler's list, among others).
The film also presents an extremely boring character through the "new improvement" Miriam, expressed by the Sandra Bullock always more replaced by a singing voice).
Speaking of this, it contains * very * boring music.
It contains superficial writing.
He presents an extraordinary animation, which is a good thing that I can say about this film.
Above all, it contains an attempt to market, homogenize and the mass market a history on a manifestation of God.
I am not a Christian, but I had the impression of blasphemy.
The writers and producers took a butcher knife and chopped in history.