This feature is like a double head, two sets of shots for the price of one.
Not only do we obtain the usual tired sports chestnuts, but the love story of banal Rich Girl Boy is thrown to make a good measure.
An original moment in this loser is as rare as an appearance of the Chicago Cubs World Series.
The scenario of Kevin Falls and John Gatins, based on a story of Falls, only hesitates his intrigue to the public.
It is a story that was to be sent for seasoning and more coaching.
Summer Catch focuses on Ryan Dunne (Freddie Prinze Jr.), a young Cape Cod chosen to participate in the prestigious Cape Cod baseball league, supposed to be a showcase for the best young amateur and colleges in the country.
Ryan is a type of blue collar.
He worked with his father taking care of the lawns of the rich and famous capes.
He also, as we are informed early, his worst enemy.
He has potential and talent, but always seems to be self -destructing at the crucial moment.
Thus, Ryan tries to stay focused on baseball.
Then he meets Tenley Parrish (Jessica Biel), daughter of one of the Blue Bloods whose lawn he manages.
Tenley, a name alone A piracy screenwriter could invent, is different from his snobs and falls in love with Ryan.
If you cannot understand where all these nonsense leads, you need a correction lesson in the visualization of the film.
As always, Prinze is pretty to look at, but its performance consists mainly of facial expressions: the love of the puppy dog, sorrow, frustration, self -disgust or determination.
Biel cries a lot, while Bruce Davison simply acts Smarmy as her father concerned about the class.
The only tag is Billy Brubaker, who loves Matthew Lillard, the team receiver.
Summer captures borrow situations and styles from other baseball films, such as Bull Durham and The Natural.
No curved balls here, no sliders.
Each land is predictable.
A blind referee could call this film.
Summer Catch is strictly in the recruit league.
He is as likely to make the film Hall of Fame as the Dodgers to return to Brooklyn.