I bet now that you bask just near the swimming pool, humming "I will always love you" and remember with nostalgia your candlelit dinners with success.
It's not necessarily over for you: I say that you still have enough charm to avoid playing in "Kevin!"
For at least a few more years.
Start by scratching "the star that burns twice as brilliant half as long" somewhere, you will always see it, maybe on the fridge door, or on a bedroom mirror with lipstick.
You had something that went there until you agree to play in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, where you were not only shifted by the powers Morgan Freeman and Alan Rickman, but Christian Slater (!), SeveralDozens of high trees, arcs, arrows and a canoe too.
After dances with Wolves and JFK, you decided that the world needed more three -hour films, three -hour movies, so you played and produced Wyatt Earp; Wyatt Earp was a boring idiot whoMade the history books only due to a general lack of famous Wyatts.
Wyatt Earp was a dull cowboy that he died of natural causes.
Tombstone was a much superior film based on the same legend, and that featured Kurt Russell as Earp and Dana Delaney as her girlfriend!
 (She was played by Joanna in your film, you know, the known Best character of Wyatt Earp under the name of "Fucking Jew".
What did you think and Lawrence Kasdan?)
Now, you suffer from the disappearance of another of your epics, the factor, a film so disastrous financially that everything has, except, but the slightly lucrative box-office of memory and Tin Cup.
The factor is not the worst film never made in Hollywood, it is quick to forget movies like Howard The Duck every time the next bomb will arrive.
However, it is a ridiculous film.
I suspect that you thought you had another braveheart in hand - why make the line of two armies on Horesback, all prepared for the battle, for the highest point of your film? - But
 "Mailheart" The postman is not.
 (I can think of more appropriate alternative titles: post-right meetings; goodbye, my salary; Howard the postman; the factor has never looked twice ...)
What a brown movie.
I hate brown.
You like brown.
The dances with wolves were golden and brown - it looked like an EGGO advertisement.
The factor made me run for a glass of water every two minutes; does the post-apocalyptic world seem so bland and dry?
What exactly happened to this desert world anyway?
Have we all become so stupid that we have not immediately started to rebuild houses, restaurants and, above all, shopping centers, after "war"?
Why did you choose to lead the intrigue of the film with a stupid group of terrorists who, well, terrorize the city through America?
Why is it only * they have ammunition anyway?
Was it really appropriate to throw your daughter as a girl who has a gentle crush on you, the Drifter-Cum-Postman?
Why launch the English actress Olivia Williams as a American?
Do not realize that European women can only deliver their major emotional scenes in their native accent?
 (Take a look at the less than stellar performance of an American Nicole Kidman or an American Minnie pilot.)
Who could worry that you have lived or died at the end of this film?
If this was summed up in a fight for leadership between you and the chief of the terrorists, why did you not do this halfway from the film and save all of us a lot of headaches?
Why throw Will Patton as the villain?
Because you worked with him in any way?
Of course, it is a properly frightening villain; knowing why?
Because he is frightening in everything, including Armageddon, in which he plays a heroic astronaut that slips practically in his space costume!
Why heroïser the most demonic institution in America, the postal U.S.System?
Was Tom Petty supposed to play Tom Petty?
If so, why didn't he look more skeletal?
 (He should have been aroun D 70 years.)
Why, oh why, do I have so many questions?
 (I could ask for much more.)
Couldn't a three-hour duration have provided you with enough space to answer everything?
You have a large line in this film and you deliver it to a mule!:
 "The things I love in my ass ..."
I had to wonder.
In fact, I appreciated the tone of the opening scenes, a relaxed cynicism, if you accept a phrasing as bad about it, you could not resist the temptation to film another love letter to your country.
In the end, I say to relax.
There is no quota, no need to take a photo per year.
settle .
Really question the future scenarios before engaging with them.
Do not hesitate to rewrite.
I know how much you like letters.