There is a scene at the start of "Jawbreaker" where a character pronounces the prophetic line involuntarily, "it's * if * not funny".
As she was right.
This pathetic story of three high school students who accidentally kill their best friend in a horribly badly missing birthday kidnapping farce is never funny from a distance.
or fun.
or original.
Not content with the too obvious "Heathers", filmmakers freely get up with an astounding variety of sources, notably "Carrie", "Bride of Frankenstein", "Blue Velvet", and even the Shaw Pygmalion, itself recently refusedBecause "she is all that".
 "Jawbreaker" is a pastiche, and not even pleasant.
I find it extremely revealing that the most engaging part of the film is the credit sequence, an assembly of the jaw factory inexplicably supported by "Volcano Girls" by Veruca Salt; serving as a plan for the rest of the film, the song did notAbsolutely nothing to do with the images we look at.
Just close your eyes and pretend to listen to an alt-rock station; you will not miss anything.
The blame for a mess that this large must spread among the directors.
Rebecca Gayheart, according to the roles in "Scream 2" and "Urban Legend", should have known better than playing another role in another count of Comte for adolescents.
Pam Grier completely wasted all credibility that she could have obtained from her role in "Jackie Brown" by Quentin Tarantino.
And Rose McGowan should simply stop acting.
She has no charisma, no presence and no actor skill other than rolling eyes and looking disused.
McGowan manages to be extinguished by his boyfriend from real life, rocker Marilyn Manson, whose fifteen second role here are much more interesting than anything that all the "real" actors do.
Manson, without Makeup and Lenses of brand contact, and with a manifestly false mustache, strangely resembles Nicholas Cage; who was that?
This crack on management by the Committee was not just a Pithy sound-bed.
Stylistically, thematically and narrative, "Jawbreaker" is everywhere on the map, varying wildly in the tone and content from one scene to another.
Although credited only to the writer / director Darren Stein, one has the impression that no scene here was really guided by the same hands.
If Stein was indeed responsible for all this atrocity, someone needs to obtain drug man, pronto.
Prozac, lithium, kava, ritalin, something, anything.
He obviously has a desperate need for chemical aid.
 "Jawbreaker" is a monumental waste of efforts and resources, and most likely one of the worst films I have ever seen.
Calling "Jawbreaker" garbage would be to insult the garbage.
The bad films for the rest of the year are sure; I already have my choice for the worst film of 1999.
 "Jawbreaker" lasts about 90 minutes, although it feels longer than "Titanic", and is classified for the language, sexual situations and graphic violence.
Not recommended for children, adolescents or someone else.