Studio 54 attracted so many strange and bizarre people to its doors that it is a wonder why the film on the life and death of the studio focuses on a very boring and cliché individual, not to mention a set of people who do notwould not be fascinating unless they work in the studio, which they did according to this film.
Are we supposed to believe that of all the strange folk who populated the studio every night, that a character who is a bland scam of Tony Manero would really make a good protagonist for the film on this subject?
 "54" belongs to the elite group of films known as "The Big Deeceptions": the films that reach as much media and / or so much potential in its creation that they stand out worse than they do notare finally.
I strongly awaited "54", not the least because I became fascinated by the infamous club, which has been the subject of a captivating documentary that works all summer on VH1, which is, strangely, much moreInteresting and captivating this "edgy" film.
Perhaps even more important, "54" is part of the flourishing sub-genre, "The 70s Nostalgia Film", which picked up Mighty Steam, with "Boogie Nights" and "The Last Days of Disco" in the year, andTwo being so good films which not only captured the feeling of a certain period of time (the end of the 1970s and the wake -up period of the early 80s), but brought us interesting and real characters, like Scotty, the tragically gay operator Mike of "Boogienuits" and Charlotte, the ironically distraught co-protagonist and the bitch of "The Last Days of Disco", not to mention several others.
 "54" does not deal so much from the chronology of the studio (how it started, how it was executed, how it ended) - all this is treated in the opening and the final told - but more interested in thecharacters who populated him.
It is a more definitive.
Here is a film that could have been a fascinating film of 2 hours and more on the tragic people who went there to party, and had to wake up in the 80s when things like diseases, problems ofEconomy and perhaps the worst of all, Reagan, all struck and forced all the world in a brutal awakening.
The story of the studio is a tragedy in itself: let's look at how it all affected people.
But this film does not let it happen.
He gives us a protagonist half named Shane O'Shea (Ryan Phillippe, of "I know what you did last summer"), which is the main line of the character he is from New Jersey, which isAlso be his main characterflaw (I suppose).
He is a DIM-post, to be part of "the scene", and soon discovers that he became a little rave among the regulars of the studio ... a
A bit like "Saturday Night Fever", does not receive Travolta and no real interest has put him.
The poor and poor Phillippe finds it difficult to make him interesting, but all that he is a half ass and not at all our ticket for the packaging of the decadence which happens inside the club that hecould have been.
Shane begins to go out with a few other residents of the club, such as Anita (Salma Hayek), a Wannabe Donna Sommers, and her young husband, Greg Randanzo (Breckin Meyer, "Clueless"), who helps Shane to become a bartender and raiseA little glory.
Although he starts to go somewhere when he sleeps with the Foxy Billie Auster (Sela Ward), an executive in a way, he falls into lust with a soap star named Julie Black (Neve Campbell), and therefore the sub-In boring romantic intrigue that is not too not no no no not too much no too much not no no too not not not to do it too much non-no, which is not too much, necessarilyImportant for anything else in the film and never becomes really interesting at any time in the film.
The only point of interest in the film and a major strong point is the too necessary character of Steve Rubell, played by Mike Myers (you heard me).
Rubell, the famous studio chief, acted as if he had never stopped partying, and is an easy metaphor for life and times of his creation, but the film, Th Anks has an surprisingly solid performance from Myers, it is more than that.
Notice the only shocking scenes scenes, where he tries to get felatio from one of his male employees in turn for a promotion: Myers brings humanity to Rubell in this scene, and some others, than some ofWe who have seen him only on television has never seen and turns out to be the only aspect of studio 54 that this film really nails.
The director of the first feature film Mark Christopher proves that he is a better director than a writer, but not too terribly.
His story is trivial and superficial, just like his characters, and his direction is incredibly flat, especially for a film on this subject.
It is as if he had an excellent story to tell, but rather opted for the easier route.
The leisure of the studio is incredibly accurate, however, and very impressive, but its management is never captivating enough.
Some people say that a film does his job if he makes you want to visit the place where it takes place (despite the tone of the film, I always want to go to Rome and its many nightclubs after seeing "La Dolce Vita"De Fellini), and when I looked at" 54 ", I didn't want to stay particularly.