One of the indicators of wickedness in the film is the media threw more than the film itself.
This was the case with Halena boxing, director of director in 1993 by Jennifer Chambers Lynch, daughter of the Grand David Lynch.
Made in the dying years of the enthusiasm of Lynch of Post-Twin peaks among the snobs of films, it was excited like any other, "twisted Masterpiece" by Lynch Clan.
Kim Basinger also provided additional advertising by leaving the main role and being continued for the contract of the contract.
But, the result was an extremely disappointing film, which quickly sank into well -deserved oblivion.
The cinema protagonist is Nick Cavanaugh (played by Julian Sands), a talented surgeon who is obsessed with Helena (Sherilyn Fenn), a beautiful woman who abandoned her after a brief affair.
Cavanaugh tracks it down and uses all opportunities for pathetic attempts to restore the relationship.
During one of these occasions, Helena is hit by a car, and Nick quickly plays the role of her personal doctor in order to make her way with her.
After waking up, Helena discovered not only that she is a prisoner in the elegant residence of Cavanaugh, but also that Cavanaugh amproved her legs in order to prevent her from escaping.
She always tries to escape, so Cavanaugh takes off her arms.
In addition to the Sherilyn Fenn casting (Audrey Horne in Twin Peaks and a little cameo in Wild at Heart) and the use of twisted characters and their perverse fantasies, this MS.lynch film has nothing in common with the works of the fathermore talented of the director.
Despite a rather bizarre subject, the style of this film is conventional and the decor is light, the characters are magnificent - but the result at the end is quite sterile and the film finally looks too artificial for dark sexual fantasy thatShe was supposed to represent.
Jennifer Lynch obviously lacks talents in the staging and he becomes painfully obvious in the scenes that are supposed to be erotic - his banal artificiality is even to sleep the standards of Playboy videos.
The actors are not good either.
Julian Sands is terribly poorly hidden as an emotionally disturbed man - these actors are better when he plays charismatic protagonists or bad guys; being neurotic does not suit him.
Bill Paxton was better for this role, but his presence was wasted in a forgetable and useless secondary plot with Helena's boyfriend.
Sherilyn Fenn contributed to this film mainly by its appearance, but even its greatest effort to act could not help this film.
The scenario, on the other hand, is horrible, at least for someone who had done the bestseller with the newspaper of Laura Palmer - the events of this film are incredible, the characters come and go without goal and many unnecessary intrigules do notSlow down the film to add to total confusion.
One of these sub-work involves the character of the "regular" girlfriend of Cavanaugh, played by Betsy Clarke.
The torsion at the end, although unpredictable, is incredible and the viewers, who had the stomach to endure an entire film, would feel wrong.
Overall, the Helena boxing is disorganized disorganized an almost artistic disorder of a film which should be recalled as nothing more than the wiser decisions of Kim Basinger's career.