bad .Mauvais.
bad .
This word seems to sum up just about the doll valley.
If this summary is not enough for you, what would you say about t & a, t & a, t & a?
I still don't have the point?
Apart from the predilection of the director Russ Meyer for having thrown great women of large large women who ultimately exhibit the aforementioned anatomical zones, there is really only one other reason to recommend even take a look at this film.
It was the fact that he was co-written by the famous film critic Roger Ebert, who was also responsible for the script.
After watching this film, you can never sit down through another of his criticisms where he gives a film a boost for bad writing with an impassive face.
This film stinks out loud.
Frankly, this film deserves a.
But there are parts that are so bad that they are almost funny.
So I give him one.
And maybe it's too generous.
From the opening credits, I knew that I had a class A bomb on my hands.
Not only the way in which credits are really slipped, but the first scene you see includes a coarse young woman driven out by a guy in Nazi uniform.
I absolutely did not know why the hell that was going on (it is explained later) and as soon as the first scene is over, we cut a completely independent scene.
To be honest, while I sat down through this film fascinated by how incredibly horrible it was, I forgot the apparently moved opening until it backs up later in the film.
With the quality of writing during the rest of the film, that would not have surprised me if the opening had never been explained.
So what is this film about?
you ask .
As it really matters.
Ok, that's it.
This group of girls led by Kelly MacNamara (Dolly Reed) and his friends go to Hollywood to try to get foot in the music industry.
Once there, they manage to find success (due to their hooks that anything else? It was certainly not for their brutally bad singing voices), and the film tells how their life changes for the worst thanThe pressures of the renompour them.
Everything, from large egos, alcohol and sex to freely flowing sex sends them on a descending spiral.
There are a few other silly sub -intrigues thrown to make a good measure, but the fame is that which roughly sums up this thing.
> From a creative point of view, there is nothing buyback here.
Other than the above -mentioned obsession for the big clashes that Russ Meyer seemed to have.
The dialogue is so incredibly bad that it is literally funny in certain parts.
M .Ebert generously threw help from "Hey Man", "Dig" and my favorite of all time - "It's my event, and it scares me".
Now, I ask you, with lines like that, how can you be wrong?
Ebert had tried to inject as many words as possible in dialogue.
Maybe he thought it would make the film smarter.
I don't know, but all the big words in the world could not disguise bad writing and even worse.
But the miserable dialogue goes well with the miserable quality of all the rest of this film.
I saw home films made better than Meyer succeeded with this turkey.
In fact, there is a scene - the one in which they are in a van driving in Hollywood to make a fortune - during which I really had to ask myself if Meyer or his publishers had just undergone serious head injuries.
Add to the production and writing of music in this film.
I almost got up to check my sound system to see if it was broken, there was such a bunch of shit emanating from the speakers.
Then we have the casting.
First allows to start David Gurian who played Harris, the group manager.
It must be the most clumsy guy who has ever set foot in front of a film camera.
Unfortunately, his game does not get closer to catch up with her appearance.
If you have followed to this point, It shouldn't surprise you.
The hatching of girls well endowed with Meyer also has the advantage of being attractive enough to accompany their other assets.
Dolly Reed plays Kelly, the group leader.
And no surprise here, she was thrown for her cutting size, not her talents.
And yes, she loses the shirt several times and displays her impressive talents.
Unfortunately, her ass is almost as tall as her chest.
Hey, it's a sexist film, so I write a sexist criticism.
Then we have the former playboy playmate Cynthia Myers in a rather small role as Casey, one of the other members of the group.
It goes hand in hand with the rest of the silly thought in the film.
Meyer throws a magnificent playmate with a rack to kill and who obviously has no acts as an actor, but his naked scenes are the biggest disappointment of all.
Of course, Russ, it's time to become artistic and throw well placed shadows.
On the high side, she has a funny scene.
I seem to write a review in a porn magazine.
But hey, I admit it; the only reason I managed to sit through this fucking film was to take a look at Cynthia Myers nude.
And as it was a huge disappointment, I lost two hours of my life on this turkey.
The only thing I can say about this film is that you should stay away.
Unless you of course want to feel good about your skin knowing that even a film critic winner of the Pulitzer Prize like Roger Ebert has also messed up at least once in his life.
And if you are thinking of consulting it for the double D - you would better download photos of Cynthia Myers naked on the internet.
This is a film that should be avoided at all costs.
An even better idea might be to demand video stores to place a warning on the box of Beyond the Valley of the Dolls - Beware: this film is extremely dangerous for your common sense.
proceed to extreme caution.