Chris Tucker is one of those guys whose reaction you immediately get - you find either his helium voice, his crazy eyes and his funny or boring jerk.
I think I fall into the old category (I am one of the few to think that his turn in "The Fifth Element" as Deejay, in the shape of a prince, was an inspired madness and not the slightest aggravating),But his new vehicle "Money Talks" simply does not do him the service.
Tucker is good in the film - and it is the kind of film that, if people see it, could make him a big star - but he is also really the only good thing in the film.
In fact, if you see "money discussions", that should shock you beyond the recognition that two of the writers of "Toy Story" wrote the sloppy script.
The role of Tucker here is that of Franklin Hatchett, a small Los Angeles crook whose washing scams have him rally by the investigative journalist James Russell (Charlie Sheen).
After being broken at work for an illegal company involving counterfeit passports, Franklin finds himself on a bus for the county prison and handcuffed to Slick International Jewel Nuggleur Raymond Villard (Gerard Ismael).
But the Villard thugs explode the bus in an attempt to release their leader (too bad that the explosion could have killed him), and because he and Franklin are joined on the wrist, Franklin is authorized to escape too, butNot before overcoming the important surprise important information concerning a diamond hiding place which - for one reason or another - is hidden in a vintage roadster which awaits to be sold at auction in an upcoming automatic exposure.
Local media are wrongly the blame of prison on Franklin, where James returns to the photo.
He concluded an agreement to protect Franklin if, in turn, Franklin gives him an exclusive interview.
This means that James must present his new "friend" in the most sticky situations - an official dinner for him and the fiancée Grace (Heather Locklear), also assisted by his parents rich in Uber (Veronica Cartwright and well the game Paul Sorvino).
And of course, the bad guys find Franklin and try to make him fall, throughout the time, he strives and forms an unlikely link with James.
 "It's not a Buddy film," said printed advertisements.
Yes indeed .
In fact, for the best part of, Oh, 20 minutes, it seems that "silver lectures" has the momentum to cover an entertaining ground, and this is mainly due to the presence of Motormouth Spastic Tucker.
This is Tucker's leading role, and if you imagine a slightly more perpleôle African-American Jim Carrey.
But you realize too quickly that Tucker's overestimated liveliness is the only thing that "money discussions" have for that.
And an actor living alone does not make a successful film.
It is too easy to choose all evil with the "money talks".
The intrigue is a tripe of recycled friends who seemed to be overused even when "nothing to lose" used it last month.
Everything is painting by number, in particular the Los Angeles Coliseum final, which finds not one, not two, but three distinct enemy factions pulling on Franklin as they pursue it through the stands.
The bad guys, as much as there are, are dull.
Certain elements of history are too coincident.
And too much of the dramatic program of the film is played too straight.
A scene where Grace confronts James after learning Franklin's true identity ("You brought a killer to my parents' house!")
is extremely silly.
You get the image.
Obviously, I did not have a pleasant experience in "money talks".
But the people around me seemed to have a good time to tear (a gentleman several rows behind me gleamed with such an expressive conviction that I started to fear for his health).
But Tucker, at least for me, is a pretty funny guy, and have The best scene in the film, where Franklin pretends to be the son of Vic Damone at James and Grace, the engagement destroys and toast the couple with words by Barry White.
Tucker's public - and he has one - will probably like to "talk about money".
Those he irritates, however, will spend a more productive day staying at home and scratching the gook under their nails.