"Alcohol and drugs = bad.
No alcohol and drugs = good.
I understood ?"
Just when you saw enough courageous young women struggling with their personal problems on the screen, whether it is madness or alcoholism, Hollywood takes out another of these "deep emotional stories about yourself" ..
"28 days" is practically a visualization of the usual "significant" real “significant” stories that people so proudly tell AA meetings.
Gwennie (Sandra Bullock) is a young woman who drowned her alcohol problems.
Because his life was a big party, without beginning or end.
This behavior of course has removed him from his only sister and from life herself.
Its existence is filled with endless parties and comic episodes.
Like when she gets drunk with the boyfriend Jasper (Dominic West), borrowed her sister's wedding limousine (Elizabeth Perkins) and crushed her in someone's house.
This time, she had to pay with a 28 -day suspension in the rehabilitation commanded by the court.
Here, she must realize that the only thing that can save her is redemption, will and commitment.
More importantly, she must make her place and her direction in life and understand that her life is not only a big party.
The film itself looks like a rehabilitation program, whining and groaning about things that have been said and written a million times.
It is a story of classical prudence.
an echo.
A big fat and expensive photo?.
A shadow of `Girl, interrupted '' from last year, which also followed the traces of great masterpieces like" The Cuckoo's Nest "and" Trainspotting ".
Director Betty Thomas held her film with so many failures and errors, that it is impossible to summarize them all in a review.
For a paranoid reason, she decided to make her film a drama / comedy.
Funny jokes and characters almost deliberately deceive you really important and complex problems: alienation, despair, terror, confusion, loneliness.
And what impressive power and strength of character it really takes to overcome all of this and become clean.
Isn't that what the filmmakers wanted to show in the first place?
Even the transition process itself seems to be a walk in the park. The Betty Thomas of hell is a comfortable and intimate place where happy alcoholics and joyful drug addicts are not allowed to smoke, to drink orwatching television after 11 years.
It is simply too light, simplified and unnecessary to be taken seriously.
But the worst thing about it is that it actually thinks that that says something importance.
that he really tries to educate the public with his extremely predictable and primitive history.
 "All you have to do is say no," said Dr.Cornell (Steve Buscemi) as if it was the revelation of the century.
And that's how it's simple!
In fact, I prefer to watch "Lost in Space" once again, rather than return to "28 days".
As for playing, it's acceptable, but almost nothing else.
For Sandra Bullock, this is an opportunity to demonstrate that it is more capable than "speed".
She manages her share with surprising professionalism and ease that certainly prevent the film from being a complete flop.
Dominic West shines like the source of the diabolical temptations of Gwenie, but the great talents of Elizabeth Perkins and Steve Buscemi are wasted on imperceptible and superficial characters.
Although the intellectually "girl, interrupted" was greater success, "28 days" is superior in his visual aspect.
There are beautiful rear flash sequences and sometimes an impressive rhythm, but the overall technical aspect of this film is on the ground floor.
The most important thing is that we have seen it before and that it was much better.
"Clean and sober", "only when I laugh", "When a man loves a woman", "Las Vegas" and many other stronger films were made on the same problems.
So, what is it for?
In other words, "28 days" does not contribute to the film creation company at any level.
If you are caught in a snowstorm or a bolt S de Lightning falls from the sky and you stand in front of the cinema, you could as well enter and watch "28 days".
In all other circumstances, stay away, because this film is equal to $ 8 and 103 minutes lost.