Sometimes I wonder what the censors think.
Take this film, "Naked Killer", among the ingredients, there are high doses of violence, rape sequences, straight and lesbian sex scenes and what our system calls "coarse language".
But that these intelligent people from the censorship office choose to delete in case someone is offended?
A word - penis.
that's it .
Despite everything the rest of the film, the only thing the censors decide is too much is the "penis".
It really restores your confidence in the system, huh?
Anyway, it is only a secondary point.
When Naked Killer was released in local independent cinemas around Melbourne, it was announced Ad Nausuem as a controversial and cool and cool thricker.
What they forgot to mention is that it is not very good.
The plot involves the male tinam cop (Simon Yam), investigating a series of brutal murders.
While obtaining a haircut, he meets and finds himself attracted by a daughter named Kitty (Chingmy Yau), who, after having extracted the revenge of the man who killed his father, falls with a professional killer sister Cindy (Svenwara Madoka).
Realizing that Kitty has potential, Cindy decides to train Kitty in several unusual and ridiculous ways and gives her a new identity.
However, during his investigation, Tinam (who thought that Kitty had disappeared), the meeting again, but is not quite sure if it is her.
To complicate things, the Killes in real series, Princess and Baby, who were former students of Cindy, and were invited to kill their former master and his new pupil.
Since then, the action follows ...
Overall, it's not a well -made film.
The script is horrible, the management everywhere, the edition is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor.
However, some autonomous pieces that entertain.
The shooting in the parking lot is almost very common in adrenaline.
The combat scenes are energetic and I guess it must get a few points to try something a little different.
Let me put in this way, if you like the action-get others.
Even for the curiosity value, it is not worth it.
Let's face it - if it was a film that has become popular on its subject alone, that's all.