If you follow the career of William Fichtner (and there is absolutely no reason why you should have), you may have noticed that he has played rather similar roles over the years.
Like Sully in "The Perfect Storm" - Tough, gruff and somewhat frightening.
Or the law in "Albino Alligator" - Tough, Burrure and a little more frightening.
Or Colonel William Sharp in "Armageddon", or Dwayne Engelman in "Strange Days", or even his brief appearance towards the beginning of "Pearl Harbor", as a abusive father of Danny - is an actor who revolves to hard andBourru, punchy roles.
This is why his performance in "What is the worst that can happen?"
is such a shock, such a delight.
In the film, Fichtner plays a blond detective, meticulously dressed, openly effeminate and loving dogs.
As a late Alex, Fichtner's performance borders the caricature but goes beyond.
He borders the offensive but does not really manage it.
And he borders the photo? D stereotype but does not completely succumb to this definition either.
In a role so diametrically opposed to the fact that the actor played before we had to see him coming, Fichtner is not perfect - you can see him fight a little sometimes, concentrating a little too strong while he was passingHis mandans the tunes, or tie a canine topped closely and personal - but it is quite good, silly, and undoubtedly the best thing in the film.
In fact, if it had not been for the sudden and bizarre appearance of Fitchner, and its presence on the discordant screen afterwards, I would have released, for "what is the worst that could happen?"
Does fascinating in his horror, a little written, at random, edited and totally funny (yes, he features Martin Lawrence and Danny Devito so how could it be possible?)
Cinematographic experience.
Fichtner's performance does not just save the film exactly, and it's not like I recommend "What is the worst that can happen?"
Only on the strength of the actor's dramatic turnaround, but his contributions increase the note of the film from No Stars to one and a half.
Londs to Drustner then, and the blows - way, down, to all the others involved in this sorry disorder, a film so dull and pedestrian and absurd, that does not even justify to discuss.