Beware of moviegoers: you are about to enter an area without sense.
If the system of its operation when you view 200 cigarettes, do not panic.
The film will work as well as a silent film.
Chronizing the life devoid of sense of vain types, Yuppie, the film covers the same field as the films Wilt Stillman (last days of Disco, Barcelona and Metropolitan) but without any of his harsh spirit and the inviting style of his writing.
The writer for the first time Shana Larsen makes the mistake of creating a few dozen characters and of giving none of their depth.
There is not one of those characters who deserves to be taken into account.
The film presents such a horn of abundance of young hot stars that it looks like a celluloid version of "People Magazine".
Among others, the film presents: Ben Affleck, Casey Affleck, David Chappelle, Janeane Garofalo, Gaby Hoffmann, Catherine Kellner, Courtney Love, Jay Mohr, Martha Plpton, Christina Ricci and Paul Rudd.
And unlike People magazine, people speak, not that they have something interesting to say.
It is New Year's Eve in 1981, and Monica (Martha Plpton) is preparing her big party.
Structured as a series of relatively independent stories on her guests on the feast path, director Risa Bramon Garcia throws herself in both directions among her stars.
Monica's apartment is in "Noho", an area that one of the guests describes as "so cool, all the poor live there".
Kevin (Paul Rudd) and his friend and sexual partner, Lucy (Courtney Love).
They discuss whether Lucy is a slut or not because she sleeps with everyone, except him, of course.
She soses to go immediately in a bathroom stand and have sex with her, which turns out to be or erotic, funny or successful - a bit like the rest of the story.
The film draws its title from the cigarette cardboard that Lucy gives to Kevin for his New Year's anniversary.
 "Cigarettes are a shield against emotional interaction with others," Kevin told Lucy in an extract of dialogue which seems only deep outside the context of the film.
Another character, played by Jay Mohr, has a problem with his sex triumphs.
Every woman he reads falls deeply in love with him the next morning.
When his last conquest tells him about his affection for him, his answer is "I like a lot of people".
While the film finally fits, the characters wake up from their game of post-feast musical beds.
Some have passed the abuse of alcohol early and remember little, while others actually have an idea of what happened.
The film itself is so forgettable that when you reach your car in the parking lot, all traces of the film will have disappeared from your mind, which is probably the best thing to say about the film.
200 cigarettes take place 1: 40.
It is evaluated R for blasphemies, sex and a scene of smoking adhesion and would be acceptable to older adolescents.