By Phil Curtolo "Madonna - Antonio Banderas - Jonathan Price - in an Alan Parker film - with music by Andrew Lloyd Weber - and lyrics by Tim Rice - Evita."
Now, I must admit that the trailer for this rock film that has become a major is almost breathtaking for some.
The soundtrack is wonderful to listen to.
So why would the film be wonderful to see.
Simple, a little more than 2 hours of constant singing can almost drive you crazy.
The story of Eva Duarte (Madonna), Evita is full of drama which is trapped inside by all the notes and agreements.
She was an orphan child who ended up becoming a prostitute, then entered the field of action and finally meets Juan Peron (Price), the first president of Argentina.
They fall in love and end up getting married.
It looks pretty good, isn't it.
Well, the story improves, because Eva goes on the "rainbow tour" through Europe, trying to gain respect.
Eva Duarte was a wonderful lady.
However, all the moments rich in drama above have never been understood because the actors and the actresses sang so that you are well understood.
I went to theater 4 at Magic Cinemas with the attitude that Evita was going to be terribly boring and I left with happy, because I was right.
The only thing that awakened me during the film was the noisy fringe of drums and guitar skyscrapers.
Although it fell dull, the beautiful cinematography is catchy, as is Madonna's performance.
As "spiritual leader of Argentina", Madonna would certainly have been a contradiction of the Oscars if she had spoken a single line.
But his luck was swept away by the stubbornness of making an exact replica of the Broadway Musical Comedy a Film.
Don't get me wrong and don't look at my note.
I am not a big fan of musicals on the big screen.
If you are going to pay to see a movie, you want to see a movie.
Now, I have to admit that it is much cheaper to pay $ 5 than $ 200 to see the room, but that's what made me.
All this criticism contains is my opinion and my note was set before even seeing the film.
Now you may say: "What kind of criticism is it?,"
And you are right.
As a criticism, I should have given a chance to the film.
But as a fan of Quentin Tarantino 17, it was far too difficult.
 ,,