I want to be involved in the show business one day.
And I refuse to follow up on any film I can make because I think they only get worse.
This film proves it for me.
I was a little worried about Batman's last film, as I thought Joel Schumaccer, taking over from Tim Burton, left him.
I also assumed that Val Kilmer was scratching as Bruce Wayne.
They did not do it.
Kilmer has done a good job, and the casting was left to wear the film, which they did (even Jim Carrey as Riddler and I can't stand Jim Carrey), because Schumaccer was spoiled with hisSimple Gotham and its clumsy camera.
This film is different.
The cast is always impressive, but here, not only Schumacter spoils the direction (it is one of those directors who is good with the actors, terrible with the angles of the camera), but the writer Akiva Goldsmith does not really giveAn impressive cast to do.
The casting is impressive: Clooney is a little surprisingly good Wayne / Batman, O'Donnell is a cunning Robin as usual, they could have launched someone better as Batgirl (my friend loves Neve Campbell), but Silverstoneis not bad, and Thurman estun bonre de poison.
The major problem is Schwarzenegger, which is a terrible gel.
His accent is so heavy, you cannot understand what he says, and the problem with action stars like him is that they cannot act, and they know it, but they think that if they are fallingTheir muscles, say a limited amount of things, and kill a bunch of guys, then they think that no one will notice it.
This is the problem with me, * I note.
Schwarzenegger does not deserve invoicing on Clooney, or as much money as for that, but Hollywood thinks.
Patrick Stewart was the person I had heard who was considered to be gel, and he would have been so much better.
Or Sean Connery, but not Arnold "I'm not an actor, but I play one in real life" Schwarzenegger.
I realize that you must be a star to play a major role in a Batman film, but it would have been good if they had thrown a star who had talent for the role.
Akiva Goldsmith's script avoids certain things that happen in a normal Batman film.
In a regular Batman film, they would focus a little more on the relationship with the girlfriend, but Julie Madison of her Macpherson is so limited here that we never have a real idea of whom she is.
We are talking about a fifth film from Batman.
My interest in seeing it is weak, but I hope it's better than that.
If you don't want to waste your time, rent one of the other Batman blockbuster movies.
other .