Have you ever been in an automobile accident where you miraculously moved away with only a few stripes, but the car was erased in an unrecognizable and mutilated wreck?
Well, that has never happened to me and I hope that none of us will never know this situation.
But after watching this insane exercise of a film, I certainly feel like I am miraculously unscathed after a two -hour walk that was very mercilessly from front to back before finally diving into a iced pond.
Curiously, "Eye of the Beholder", which is a psychological thriller, begins quite promising when the opening sequence presents a British intelligence agent, called The Eye (Ewan McGregor), working at Washington DC.
In the humorous opening scene, he looks at a big lawyer on the other side of the street in his office with his pants.
Using a range of high -tech surveillance and communication equipment, it is transmitting photos of the current lawyer on PC screens and faxes in its office.
The employees of the law firm have a good laugh.
The public gets a good laugh.
The eye later received a mission where he meets a beautiful woman (Ashley Judd).
There is something convincing in this mysterious woman.
Despite her glamorous appearance, however, we learn that she is a psychopath with a propensity to kill men who are too close to her.
After the murders, she sobbed by singing the Christmas melody "little blue birds" and deplores to be abandoned by her father a long time ago.
After each murder, she puts a different wig, assumes a new name, then goes to another state.
The eye has witnessed all of its deadly transgressions.
But he does not lend the authorities.
He sympathizes in a way with his feeling of loss.
It turns out that the eye is also haunted by its past.
His daughter was removed from him and he fishes for this loss every day of his life.
His tormented psyche creates a ghost image of his daughter with whom he engages in the conversation.
She becomes a kind of spectral advisor, and something that the ghostly girl says is that he must help the woman.
He now diverts his energies by trying to help him find a kind of salvation.
It does not matter that he witnessed all his murders.
And it does not matter that the eye is abnormally reluctant, hiding all its life behind the computer screens.
He follows her in a dozen different places and observes her every movement to keep her out of trouble.
When a crazy drug (Jason Priestley) attacks it, he presents himself for quick kicks.
When the police close to arrest him, he ensures a distraction so that they can escape.
During all this time, the woman has no idea who is her guardian angel and the eye remains out of sight.
particular .
How bad is this film?
I refer you to my decisive test "Review quote".
Take a look at the full announcement in the newspaper and see where they get quotes.
For this film, they come from magazines entitled "Flaunt" and "Mirabella. '
Without a doubt, they were impressed by the Judd walkway series and the disguise changes.
The major problem with "the spectator's eye" is that the film shakes, always uncertain of its ultimate destination.
If it was a thriller, there was not much to keep us delighted.
If it was a love story, there was absolutely no emotional traction.
Completely disjointed in the structure, it only saves the grace was its elegant look which reminded me of my favorite car advertisement (the one where the `` 6 '' on the tachmeter dissolves in a winding road and a car ofPassenger railroad dissolves in a small miniature on a children and train).
I also hope that Ashley Judd will find a serious role in presenting her potential talents.
Beyond that, the film is desperately uncontrollable and needs serious traction and manipulation.