"Soldier", by director Paul Anderson, is a film in which any presence of originality is ephemeral.
The best moments in the film are in the opinion scenes where the character of Kurt Russel, Todd, is shown by growing up under strict military supervision.
The brutality through the eyes of the innocents and stripped every day growing is something that has a lot of emotional potential power behind, and the opening scenes draw a little.
Then it goes nowhere with this idea.
There may be a rather ephemeral scene thereafter which deals with the potential trauma of this dehumanization, and the rest of the film is only some of the greatest shots of films that I have ever seen.
The idea of the inhuman character and a soldier type earning a certain degree of humanity by defending a potential female female interest and her family of her diabolical counterpart to kill her is done, and it was done much better.
I was able to predict the intrigue of the story _Whole_, which would not be so bad if another aspect of the film is somewhat interesting.
Between the action sequences, he tries to face the aforementioned problems of humanity by the performance of Mr.Russel in the film and the tiny small window of his soul which is his eyes, because his dialogue is extremely limited.
His performance in this way is not so bad, but is certainly not enough to wear this film.
Other performances of this film are really not worth much mention, and they are generally as weak as their characters.
But enough of these things on intrigue and character, right?
The most important part of an action film, well, action?
Even in this aspect, the film is a disappointment.
In Mortal Kombat (1995), director Paul Anderson has proven that the use and choreography of really engaging action in a film can replace problems with the plot and produce something entertaining.
However, he fails to repeat this in this film.
The combat scenes, especially the big one at the end, are incredibly unimaginatveve.
The combat and combat scenes are supposed to cause thrills in this type of film, a point that even a film otherwise not impressive as Starship Troopers seemed to be making.
But instead of reaching something really interesting to finish the film, it is worth for the old one, Shoot-Em Up, One Guy vs. A type of army cinema that I thought I was dead with the films ofmilitary action from the 80s.
If the film was going with some of the ideas it opened with the introduction more seriously, it could have been a rather engaging science fiction film.
However, he failed to go to new directions after that, making the film a great disappointment.