Adam Sandler vehicles are never special, but continue to earn a lot of money.
Which really shows the sad state of cinema today.
Although good comedies like Rushmore, to choose a recent example, obtain a limited release and do not earn a lot of money, Big Daddy obtained a huge version and made a lot of money.
It is not special either and does not deserve the money he earns.
But I'm getting lost.
Sandler embodies Sonny Koufax, an unemployed New York with an apparently weak mental age.
Her girlfriend gives her an ultimatum: either wise and becomes responsible or she leaves him.
By a strange set of events, Koufax is found with Julian (played by Cole and Dylan Sprouse twins) a five -year -old child.
After a failed attempt to impress his girlfriend with the child, Koufax decides that he wants to keep the child.
However, the social worker M. Brooks (Mossel) discovers that Koufax is not the real father and wants to bring Julian.
Koufax as well as her new girlfriend Layla (Lauren Adams) fights to keep the child.
Big Daddy is really not so good.
Many jokes revolve around the humor of the toilet, and we are supposed to find Julian and Sonny pee against a wall to be funny.
There is the good occasional lining, but these are generally strangely delivered and lose most of humor.
The film, after all these silly gags, suddenly becomes sentimental, and that's where Big Daddy really goes from harm to Hideux.
The court scene at the end of the film is useless and incredible, and is not helped by the Soppy surair.
It's a bad attempt to win the public.
Adam Sandler essentially plays the same role he has in his last films (except the wedding singer.)
Joey Lauren Adams is much, much better, and deserves a much better film than this trash.
Steve Buscemi appears in a funny cameo, and his scenes are quite funny.
Rob Schneider is also funny as a crazy delivery man.
The two twins playing Julian are O.K, they start pretty well, but become boring and brainstants halfway and end up becoming a healthy "American" goodness at the end of the film, where tear juice is shot high.
Big Daddy is really nothing special and is not even worth it for a few laughs.
Although it is actually well assembled, with a good direction, a good production design and even certain assemblies, this professionalism cannot help the fact that the script and the characters are waste.
Big Daddy is intended for hard fans of Sandler, and that's about it.