If someone had been able to abandon a late evening cable show hosted by Gilbert Gottfried presenting some of the worst films of the 80s, they agreed D.C.Cab is the film "USA Up All Nite" par excellence.
This is one of those childhood films that children would like but cannot see before it is not published for television.
It is also one of these useless and almost unanswered films without laughter.
And, knocks three, he associates Mr.T with Gary Busey.
I heard Gilbert saying D.C.Cab had "a star cast", but I still hope that there was a certain degree of facetiousness in this declaration.
When the third assessment goes to a two-minute appearance of the famous flashdancer Irene Cara "as herself", "you cannot say anything about the stars.
Likewise for the marsha tokens appearances "Roz" Warfield, Paul Rodriguez and the "politically incorrect" host Bill Maher, before he was someone.
Appearing in D.C.CAB has roughly the opposite effect on everyone, in particular Irene "I Gonna Live Forever" Cara.
d .c.cab is an overview of Joel Schumacher (who would continue to direct Batman forever) of a lot of misdeeds that lead taxis.
You have the impression that if the police cadets Academy had made a different career choice, it would be the result, except that you have interesting characters here that the "Token White Guy" (Busey) who wants to tighten withThe blacks now Avantils take control of the world, the token Jive Talker named Tyrone (Charlie Barnett) who wears her hair in rollers and uses the word "Honkey" as much as possible, the hard to cook with the Mohawk and Golvrament Truncated chains forHe), the budding musician waiting for his big break (Maher), the Mexican Gigolo (Rodriguez), the woman who in fact wants to drive to live (Warfield) and the guy who wants to have a taxi company for a living (AdamBaldwin).
We have all seen dozens of bad comedies from the 80s.
Some are fun to watch and some are actually funny.
This is no longer or less neither.
One might think that many comic sparks would steal from the assembly of talents (whatever), but D.C. The cabin falls more or less flat on a continuous basis, culminating in the usual Hollywood final while Baldwin is kidnapped and theOther taxi must go to save him.
It is a shame that no one could save this film from the depths of the outdated jokes and the origin.
D.C.cab rightly obtained its position on "USA Up All Nite".