The above is the dialogue of this film, taken almost entirely in its context, and not jazzed a little to make it more inept than it is.
It is spoken between two of the protagonists somewhere in the film, and essentially serves as a perfect example of what this film is, especially if you realize that this exchange is supposed to be taken seriously.
M. Gregg "I-Waving-A-Mid-Life-Crisis" Araki, the writer and director of this film, wants to show how important adolescents are and wants to show how they feel in such a horrible and horrible world.
And how does he show?
By really cheap surrealism and old exchanges like this.
Oh, and it's better.
A similar dialogue is said in the middle of, oh I do not know, the fiftieth sex scene of this film (I do not count the several masturbation scenes).
In this document, one of the protagonists flows above another, and he tells him something in the sense of "have you ever wondered what it is?"
Sorry, the man: the preliminaries take place before the act of Coittus.
Of course, what are you waiting for: the film was written and directed by a guy who cannot even spell his first name (yes, I know that it is a cheap joke, but it had to be done).
 "The Doom Generation" is announced as a road trip film on people who have to kill other people who attack them, and also as another "adolescent" film (one of the slogans is "Teen is a word toFour letters " - Hardy Harhar).
It's a film on two teenagers Angsty - Amy Blue (Rose MacGowan, who would later play the Planeré Tatum in "Scream") and Jordon White (James Duval, who would play the son of Randy Quaid in "Independence Day") - misunderstanding-You an anxious homicide maniac, Xavier Red (Jonathan Schaech, who would continue to play the main guitarist anxious in "That Thing You Do!"
- And by the way, do you get symbolism?
Red, white and blue?
eh ?
huh?), And do a road trip where three things happen, without order: 1) they have sex; 2) they meet strange people; 3) they kill them.
The film is essentially a remix of a bunch of other much superior films.
Gregg Araki has obviously seen films such as "Easy Rider", "Natural Born Killers" and "Kalifornia" and tries to borrow elements from all these films and do something that is like a reference guide for pop culture.
But what he forgets is that these films represented something that this film does not do, or that they dug deep into their subjects and brought something out to make them deeper.
 "The Doom Generation" does not want to do this; he just wants to show everything in a surreistic way for the sole reason that Araki does not want to treat them at a real level.
He wants to show everything in a strange way and forget what the scenes are supposed to be.
Here is a scene, an earlier scene from the film: Amy and Jordan enter a fast Mart type place to get food and other things.
Amy smokes, and the clerk, an Asian man, you care about you (I like how racist this film is, I really do it), told him to turn it off.
She tells him to kiss or something to this note.
He points to a hunting rifle and she withdrew him forced him.
Jordan makes two hot dogs and takes them to the counter.
The cash register rings "6. 66"
 (Oh, and this symbolism does not stop here).
Jordan checks his wallet but it's really in the car.
He asks for Amy, but she also left her wallet in the car.
The clerk brings out his hunting rifle and asks for the money.
They say they don't have it.
He prepares to kill them, but Xavier, whom they abandoned in the middle of nowhere a scene before, comes out of nowhere, fights with the clerk and ends with him blowing the head of the clerk (clean the injury, doattention).
The head is shown flying in the air and lands in a fryer, where it begins to scream.
I don't really oppose this kind of viole patient NCE, but this scene is in the film for a reason and only one reason: to degrade you.
Araki thinks that if he takes everything to the extreme, he will make a kind of art.
fake .
It takes a kind of resistance to make gore art.
When George Romero made "Dawn of the Dead", a very bloody film even for today, he had control of everything and could still make everything sick.
The same goes for the disgusting "Dead Alive" of Peter Jackson, who has a blood party, guts, dismemberments, masts of flesh and other assorted things, all finished with a guy with a lawn mowerAttached to his body, out of the way of zombies.
It was sick, but it was also satirical and controlled.
A scene like this has no goal in the film, and it comes out of everything that is happening.
Here are some other scenes: Jordan and Amy have sex in a bathtub and Xavier watches, masturbate, then licks the sperm with his hand; Xavier and Amy have sex and Jordan watch the window, masturbate and falls intorear; a man attacks the trio and is stabbed in the crotch by a giant sword (in place so that it can happen); a fast food employee tracks the trio, and his arm is shot down by Xavier; and various other troubles.
Also, look for about a million camo on a large assortment of people, who probably did not really know what they signed up when they signed up to do it (just like Peter O'tOole, Helen Mirren, Malcolm MacDowellAnd Johngielgud probably didn't do it when they signed to be in "Caligula").
People such as the independent actors Parker Posey and Nicky Katt, Alternative Rock Stars Skinny Puppy and Perry Farrel, Hollywood Madam Heidi Fleiss, Christopher "Peter Brady" McKnight, Amanda Bear and Margaret Cho all adorn the screen during a seconds question,Then disappeared that we can return to the boring main intrigue line.
Why are they here?
So that we can point them all and say "hey, look it's (fill the white)!
Wow !"
leave me alone .
The meaning of the film is quite easy to detect: that, you know, adolescents are so precious, and the world is such a horrible place, that when the two entities collide, there is a giant explosion of horrible violence.
Otherwise, defined as "the anxiety of adolescents", or the belief that being adolescent is a horrible thing and that the world is too bad for you.
Listen, I am 19 years old.
I went through a very brief anxiety for adolescents who curiously lasted as long as my taste in Nirvana.
Since then, I have gone to the phase "I don't really know what to do with my life", but the adolescent anxiety phase is something that is so sophomotor and ignoring that any film that thinks they areoccupy it on any other little serious level is to beat the bad horse.
Part of the teenager is to experiment and test the waters.
This does not argue how parents are horrible and deliberately feel disorderly.
This is what the characters of this film do, and the film wants to show how they are these great people who are punished by the world because they are adolescents, and how they try to defend themselves but cannot overcome themtotally.
It is not their armchairs if they kill people; it's the world!
What they really need is a verification of reality.
The world is a bad place and adolescents can be easily injured because they experience.
But part of this is to take everything that happens to you and learn.
The film thinks that adolescents are essentially condemned and that there is nothing that they can do it.
Hence the title.
Not only does he have a bad mistake, but he cannot even express this in a smart and consistent way.
Everything is too surreal, and everything we get are scenes of graphic violence and graphic sex.
How does Xavier licking the sperm of his hand express anxiety for adolescents?
How does a decapitated leader show that adolescents are dislocated because the world does them this way? And why does the film constantly come back to the anguish of the film's teenagers?
If Araki had a kind of skill in writing or in direction, he would show them for what they really are.
And if he didn't want the satirical approach, he showed real problems with the world.
And if you still don't think that "the generation of Doom" is incompetent at each possible level, take the game.
Rose MacGowan is horrible.
Yes, she turned out to be talented in "Scream", but she is so bad in "The Doom Generation" that if I had not seen it in "Scream", I would have baptized it one of the worst actresses workingIn films today.
All her performance is a note (bitch), and the only scene where she cries on a dead animal is so forced that she is laughable.
Jonathan Schaech is just as bad, who wants to be the Slacker serial killer: someone who has no remorse because emotions cause a kind of tension.
His performance is boring like hell, and granted, he was better in "that thing you do!"
And then there is James Duval.
Let's just say he makes Keanu Reeves look like Brando.
He has the same kind of stuttering more flaws, but much worse, and each line he says is so bad that I have now considered him "the least talented actor in the world".
I saw a lot of bad players, but James Duval must be the worst.
Or at least somewhere up there.
Here is another example of a bad scene, if you are still not convinced: the film opens in a club where they play the most banal song by Nine Inch Nail, "Heresy" (example of lines: "Godis dead / etpersonne does not care / if there is hell / I will see you there "), and as the song plays, and that the red stroboscopic lights show the dancing customers, the film is put in Amy, just standing there, looking for ardent.
The film is getting closer to her, she watches the camera and says "fucks".
No explanation should be necessary.
And finally, a note in Gregg: grow.
Really .
Get out of your parents' basement, read something other than saltinging and get day work.
And don't leave it.