It is now the birthday of the killings of the best friends of Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt).
Always besieged by nightmarish memories of the man responsible for all of this, she seems to be on the verge of nervous breakdown.
She cannot focus on her school work, cannot have a good night and is even afraid of flashing shadows and stroboscopic lights in a local dance club.
Wherever she looks, she sees man's visions in a rubber sklicker with the hook on her hand.
In the first film, "I know what you did last summer", Julie and three of her friends accidentally kill a man, causing him to go down a road from Dark Mountain.
To cover their mischief, they throw the body into the ocean.
However, he was never dead and returned to track Julie and his friends.
Julie and the other, Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr.), Aviomé only to make this glow sequery.
Having needed desperate rest and relaxation, she is delighted to learn that her roommate, Karla (Brandy), won a trip for four to an isolated tropical island.
The two girls accompany Karla's authoritarian boyfriend, Tyrell (Mehki Phifer) and great potential for Julie.
But was this competition too good to be true?
The complex is filled with skeletal staff who seemed to be love boat discharges.
Meanwhile, the hotel is practically deserted while the storm season is about to start.
This is likely to create a place where they will be isolated and will have no possible means off the island.
Finally, they will be hunted down during the power outages and hunted during intense lightning storms.
As you may have guessed, somewhere in the shade hides a mysteriously strange silhouette which wears a rubber rabougard and brandishing a hook.
Julie tries to convince her friends that the killer is on the island (a strange touch, it is when she sings "I will survive" at the karaoke bar and that words parade "I always know ..."), but herFriends the shirt just for paranoia.
But the number of bodies soon begins to go up, and for Julie, it will be the worst vacation in her life.
The funny thing (yes, I used the word "funny") about this film is that I heard more laughs and laughter (maybe it was my channel) that I n'I heard about it.
This film comes down to an insane slashfest which never flows any quantity of ironic spirit or even an eccentric campineer.
There is not even a suspense that leads to death.
Here is an appropriate example.
knock Knock .
 "Housekeeping," says the little cleaning lady.
The door suddenly opens.
Slash.
Viction Neurtes!
Is there a reason to go see this film?
Unless you want to see four college students without interest take place in circles for about 90 minutes.
But I mean something about this film that satisfied me.
I was completely irritated by Tyrell, who constantly defined and delighted with his sexual libido.
I secretly wanted it to be threaded.
Has it become "addicted"?
Well, let's just say that if he didn't do it, I would give this film a note of "D".