You know that the plot: a dimwit with a shaded past is seduced to commit a crime only to be doubled by a deadly woman.
In "Palmetto", The Dimwit is Harry Barber (Woody Harrelson), a journalist who has just been released from prison (he was supervised by the gangsters and the corrupt officials in which he was investigating).
Enter the woman: Rhea Malroux (Elisabeth Shue), the youngest young woman of the richest man in Palmetto, Florida (Rolf Hoppe).
She and her daughter-in-law Odette (Chlo? Sevigny) have a plot to extort 500K from the old man: Harry "kidnapping" Odette.
After having groped the two women, Harry agrees.
As everyone except Harry can see it, it is set up as a guy from the fall.
Indeed, for a long time, Harry has a corpse in his trunk and the cops on his tail.
His brother-in-law (Tom Wright), an DA assistant, hired Harry to be the press connection, then Harry obtains a seat in the front row for his own manhunt (and we can look at himsweat-literally).
There are several twists and turns, of course - a couple even took me by surprise.
Apparently, every woman from Palmetto is a delusional Horndog, and they are on Harry as if he were the only bone of the kennel.
Shue Vamps so largely that I expected that the Tex Avery wolf appears.
His incredible performance in "Leave Las Vegas" seems to have been a stroke of luck.
Here, it could easily be confused with Melanie Griffith.
The character of Shue is supposed to be a wise scheme but she presents herself as a brainless bimbo.
In addition to Shue and Sevigny, the Chenil includes Gina Gershon (who fulfilled the role Dimwit-With-A-Shady in "Bound") as a girlfriend of Harry Nina; when Harry goes out of prison, she licks her face (Now there is a HORNDOG).
The parts are so overlooked that with a little "Palmetto" thrust could have been an exaggerated parody of the film Noir with the "Romeo bleeding".
As it stands, it is better regarded at 2 am on Showtime (the love scenes seem to have been written for one of the sweet porn programs of this channel).
 "Palmetto" has a well -known director, Volker Schl? Ndorff, who is best known for his adaptations of major literary works, in particular "The Tin Drum".
I guess he had to be attracted by this intrigue script by the same admiration for the classic black film which led Scorsese to redo "Cape Fear".
Schl? Ndorff tries hard, makes an interesting pattern from omnipresent palm insects, but nothing can refresh this severe script.