This season needs another serial killer film like Kathie Lee Gifford needs more public devastation.
But now, here, "Switchback" and fast on the heels of a harasser price such as "Kiss the Girls" and "I know what you did last summer."
But "Switchback" is an undoubtedly weak gender entrance, because the equipment it covers is old and tired, and filmmakers rarely support enough energy to make one of the procedures interesting.
 "Switchback" opens with the murder of a baby-sitter and the kidnapping of the young child she looks at.
We learn late in the game that the child belongs to the agent of the FBI Frank Lacrosse (Dennis Quaid), and that the kidnapper / killer is an unnamed demon that the butt has been following through the country for a long time.
He was quickly withdrawn from the case, but this conflict of interest does not prevent him from offering the prosecution.
The most recent hike in Lacrosse takes him to a hotel room soaked in blood in Amarillo, Texas, where local sheriff (R. Lee Ermey) is torn between his re -election campaign and helping her new ally to catch hisman.
Apart from a link, the former rail worker Bob Goodall (Danny Glover) crosses the snowy west in his pin-up plateau (even on safety belts) El Dorado.
Along the way, he resumed - and then saves the life of - Hitchhiking Loner Lane Dixon (Jared Leto).
This tangent is not random, because Bob or Lane will end up holding a piece of the puzzle or turns out to be the killer himself.
Or is the villain in fact the butt, only pretending to be after the murderous in the cold heart of which he knows so much.
In a sense, this represents half of the basic problem with the "switchback".
For its first hour, the film presents the proof that one of these three men could be the aggressor, so we are given little on whom they are, probably for fear that we learn too much too quickly and that we will therefore beable to make a good deduction.
But the "switchback" then decides to explicitly reveal the identity of the killer at his median point, and the following contradictory motivations confuse both the pace and the generation of suspense.
Part of the game is also a heavy area, probably because the artists were invited to build characters who are exactly the opposite of their real self.
What is Danny Glover doing here, smiling and making you go through the disorderly intrigue?
And Dennis Quaid?
 (This monotonous - Stop!)
Ermey is solid in a more interesting support role than the two tracks launched together, but the charismatic Leto (the object of affection of Claire Danes in "My Called Life") is a proven and true stage thief.
> From the point of view of the equipment, "Switchback" is quite empty.
But even when the first director Jeb Stuart (who wrote "The Fugitive" and "Die Hard") does not know what to do, he knows what he wants him to look like - the film offers great visuals.
The highest point Set-on-A-Train looks good (even if the action is illogical), and the magnificent crunchy cinematography captures the rocks in all their frozen splendor.
However, this is not enough to transform a piece of diamond coal, and more than the look of the film will eventually leave you cold.