Teenagers have a lot of power in Hollywood.
Each year, countless films will be made of targeting this public in particular, and will count on the entire adolescent population to perform on Friday and Saturday evening, wallets in hand.
The formula is very simple, you make a film with a big name of young actor or actress with the sex appeal.
You add a high school environment that presents everyone, from ball queens to math clubs, then a very simple relational conflict that can be developed in 90 minutes, the typical period of adolescents.
The answer is enormous because this part of the population will waste 92 money on almost anything = filming in an environment to which they can relate, and, above all, they do not care to judge the films = 92,So any piece of trash can = will = exigible.
This is exactly what has never been kissed, the latest film by director Raja Gosnell, is; trash.
Josie Geller (Drew Barrymore) is the youngest editor in the history of Chicago Sun Times.
She has her own personal assistant, unlimited supplies and her own office.
But she is very dismayed by her position in life.
There is nothing that she wants more than being a journalist and going out on the field, where she can play a more active role in the Chicago media.
Thus, when a mission is literally thrown on it from nowhere, it jumps with Elation.
The constant suffocation Josie in the workplace is his friend Anita (Molly Shannon) and her friendly superior, Gus (John c. Reilly).
The two are both hungry by hearing the news of her first mission, because they both consider her as an office worker and not a journalist.
However, as this film is aimed at a teenage audience with little patience for the conflict of the characters, this otherwise interesting scenario is resolved in two minutes, and Josie goes to the field.
Obviously, assignment on the ground implies a high school.
More specifically, she must become an infiltrated journalist in a secondary school, by registering for the senior class and "become one of them".
I don't think I need to start even explaining all the impossibility of this situation, so I have won92t.
The film develops in Josia trying to find the life it has never led to high school.
The intertwined flashback scenes show us how really she was Dork, and she seems to be heading again on this road.
Fortunately for this lame production, other characters appear that make some of these high school scenes that are both humorous and at interesting distance.
They include foreseeable love stories, between a student (Jeremy Jordan) and a teacher (Michael Vartan), to show that Josie is really two people in a body.
In addition, his younger and opposite brother, Rob (David Arquette) enters his new life found and even causes a rare scene which is slightly provocative.
The humor found in this film is actually quite fun.
Typical for adolescent films, it is full of chalks of sexual innuendo and the humor of the condom.
A particular scene presents a certain activity in class involving absolutely hysterical bananas and latex.
Most of the other jokes are a humor in a simple high school that anyone has already been in high school can appreciate and appreciate.
But those who are still don92t = recover for the total lack of quality in this film.
Following this trend in high school film rules, the general game comes.
It is even worse than the trend of Sur-Jeu a scenario of the film to the film.
In this case, Drew Barrymore is absolutely painful to watch.
She must play her character on two levels, having very black and white transitions.
And although some scenes are written to be nuances of particular gray, it seems to hold this color throughout its screen time.
At one point, she is alone with an obvious romantic interest on a ferris wheel, and is supposed to him at an adult level, because he I S one, his teacher.
But she never seems to get out of the gray area, and in doing so, she laughs at her performance differently good.
Follow Barrymore is the pitiful Molly Shannon (Saturday Night Live).
She seems to be limited to playing an ecstatic character with whom no one can identify and draws the attention of an audience as simply unrealistic.
It is these "qualities" that prevent the scene of the condom above being one of the few decents.
Fortunately, there is a great performance to get out of this otherwise dark film.
David Arquette (Scream) wins the prize for having been able to stand out in an overall performance which is absolutely pathetic, and not having his brilliant game.
And as a central character, he can take his own mini-intrigue, which is one of the few well-made parts of ever kissed.
In a dazzling work of the cherry type on the Sunday, he made an impression of Tom Cruise absolutely hilarious of the Risky Business series of 1983.
Never was kissed is a mediocre film at best.
The predictable intrigue has become so overpowered in Hollywood, that it is disgusting to watch many and many times, and this film is no exception.
The game is just as bad, but there is the only positive presence of David Arquette to add light.
Unfortunately, the main thing is that the film will be a success, because adolescents will pay to see waste.