Recently, one night, a young director named Baz Luhrmann could not sleep.
He dropped from the bed and moved to television where he watched MTV for an hour.
Then he moved to his kitchen where he spent the same time to eat spoiled food.
Then he removed a volume of work from Shakespeare and read it to cover - never really paying attention to words or intrigue.
And then, as a highest point, he took out his video camera and pressed the "On" button.
the result ?
Romeo + Juliet of William Shakespeare - The worst film never directed and a complete failure.
However, to be fair, an interesting complete failure.
The idea at the heart of the film is to make Shakespeare attractive to the crowd.
This is done by moving the camera at a quick pace so that we can not see what is going on.
And film the dialogue in voiceover.
And shoot Leonardo DiCaprio as a Calvin Klein model.
And make the frame disappear while blinking the name of the character at the bottom.
And film long sequences of tedious action in slow motion.
I mean, guy, it's the 90s, guy.
However, I saw terrible films that are fun to watch.
 (The examples are Batman and Robin and the island of Doctor Moreau.
 ) This rule does not apply here.
This is a film that takes itself seriously.
It is his major fault.
Another problem was underlined by my friend, Alex (who sang Leonard Bernstein songs throughout.
 )); The original piece is a powerful work because the author has remained neutral and has not taken sides.
Here it is clear that we are supposed to join Romeo.
 (Look at the way they film it.
 ) From the start, he is our hero and that doesn't work.
And the terrible performance of DiCaprio does not help.
Luhrmann never decides if he wants to entertain us or enlighten us.
The result is a waste.
You can feel it strive to be something it is not.
He tries to draw from a mixture in which the Drag Queens are filmed under deliberately arty corners.
He tries very hard.
Keyword: Try.
 "Oh look, he turns above the action of the water from below.
pretty .
What does this represent? "
Why do people do ugly things?
I moved away from my TV feeling guilty as if I could never read the room again and keep a right face.