Capsule: Where are you tonight, Leni nothingfestal?
Starship Troopers is a piece of expensive, hateful and unwavering violent pornography - and bad pornography, to that.
It is not a good cinema, not a good narration, and not even a stupid pleasure: it is so cynically, at the head of the calculated bone that even the least demanding members of the public with whom I was alternately bored andRevived.
This is one of the worst films that I have seen for a long time.
Why do I call this pornography film?
Pornography, in the summary, is all that is calculated to use lower instincts.
I remember reading a criticism of Full Metal Jacket which described the moment of the ascent at the end of the film, where the private joker must draw the slaughtered elite vc, like "an almost pornographic eternity".
I did not agree with this evaluation, but I could see what was implicit: the reviewer had the impression that the public was encouraged to get up and pump their fists and shout "do, guy, do!""
This feeling is echoed in Ad Nauseam in starship sales.
It is * literally * as a giant recruitment film which has gone mad.
He frantically tries to recruit our emotions, but it only ends dull or disgusting.
The film takes place in our future, when the earth has been attacked by certain extraterrestrial species which do not seem to have intelligence.
To counterattack, humanity does the most stupid imaginable thing: instead of establishing the planet of the orbit, of which they are clearly capable, they send grunts with rifles M-16.
It is not HEINLEIN, it is a bad film of the Second World War, the one where all the most obvious points of satire are never stung and pushed into combat scenes which are noisy, repetitive and ultimately tedious.
 (A scene has a journalist on a battlefield, the Soldiers Filimg are killed and ends with a moving foreseeability: said cameraman is also plugged.)
The soldiers and their commanders are still silly.
They do not have a germ of tactical intelligence or even common sense.
They do not even behave like soldiers in a bad * film *, and therefore we do not care about them.
We hate the character of Tom Berenger in the peloton, but it was * important *, and therefore we were curious to learn his fate.
Here we don't even have bugs - what's to hate?
Hate them would be like cursing a roar.
If there is something really hateful there, the film does not know how to give it to us.
The screenwriter (Ed Neumeier - perhaps a better intimate would be "Dactylat de Screen") and the director (the Paul Verhoeven more and more difficult of talent) has found no way to make the characters or the characters orHistory use each other.
One of the subpcelles concerns a pilot woman who is excellent to get out of tight situations, and does it again and again.
Once or twice is good.
At the fifth or sixth time, his welcome is exhausted.
There is never a feeling that these people really think of getting out of anything, or being really tested to show their courage.
In addition, the film is irritating with the effectiveness of insects for land weapons.
If a bug has one of the humans who screams within his reach, then five guys can hold him around him and explode on the full car without doing a damned thing.
But if a human is cornered, it waste whole balls of bugs with a clip.
UH-HUH.
The worst characteristic of the film is its quasi-repugnant quasi-fascist flavor.
I say "almost" because while the film uses many external signs of fascism, erotic its action- equipment, uniforms, etc.- The film does not have the nerve (or the brain) to beReally fascist or intelligent on the subject.
The bumpers between the scenes, which are apparently intended to parody the propaganda of recruitment in wartime are propaganda - just so clumsy and oafish that they end up making insects relatively harmless in comparison.
like th He remains of the film.
There is more, I suppose, but it is not worth it.
The game is bland, neither arsenic nor sauce; disposable music; the work of the turgid camera.
What is heartbreaking is that it makes independence on a masterpiece look like a masterpiece.