Boy, what a great movie !!
Keanu Reeves and Morgan Freeman acting together, the director of the fugitive (Andrew Davis) again to give us another thriller, and the beautiful Rachel Volant Beauty Weisz to start.
How could it not be a blockbuster?
All unconditional fans of Keanu Reeves, read the rest.
Ol "Much Ado About Nothing" plays Eddie Kasalivich, a student machinist at the University of Chicago.
To help pay the rent, he assumes this work by doing the machine for a hydrogen project led by the university.
By happy coincidence, he also stumbles on the solution to the final problem and is therefore the only one to know the key to carrying out this feat of miracle physics.
This project is very promising: take hydrogen from water and give more energy than put.
A potential solution to the energy problems of the Earth without the cost of pollution.
Surely nobody could have any problems with this?
Morgan Freeman is Paul Shannon, the project sponsor.
He works for a very powerful organization which does not agree with the paternal project manager as to the speed with which technology should be published to the public.
He thinks that the world will disintegrate in anarchy if the results of the project are published too quickly.
He therefore assassinates the project manager, exploded the project (large but short scene here, a bit like a mini-discussation from the city ID4) and tries to simulate the experience in another high-tech location.
Unfortunately, our fearless machinist and an English physicist (Weisz) manage to run away and now follows a fugitive type pursuit using a new warming of this film script.
This film is dying for a comparison with "The Fugitive".
The two films use Chicago as the main city and as the place does not change much, I suppose that we cannot really blame the framework of the rarity of the atmosphere.
The problem here is that where the fugitive had Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones, the chain reaction has only Keanu Reeves and Fred Ward.
Merit, but we don't really have much chance of sympathizing with the characters.
Where Ford was able to work within the limits of the film to evoke sympathy, Eddie Kasalivich does not seem very creative and the character of Reeves never had time to develop.
It could have been a better investment in the film to give the characters more depth and spend less time on the hunting sequences, which frankly become quite boring after a certain time.
Harrison Ford was "man against the world".
He was alone in a world where he did not know who to trust and that met very well.
In chain reaction, Keanu Reeves is not alone.
Now it would be good if the escape couple had chemistry and could really represent paranoia, vulnerability and confusion.
We don't understand that.
We make him think that he is still in speed, only now our Sandra Bullock has an English accent, probably does not drive a bus and hardly contributes to the film.
The producers here probably thought: "Hey, what if Keanu and Rachel do not hit him too well?
Cordes in this Morgan to help us. "
Well, Keanu and Rachel have not succeeded on the screen, and above all, Morgan Freeman does not help either.
The only thing we really know about Paul Shannon is that he always has a full charge of cigars in his cigar support.
It is not really his fault.
Again, Andrew Davis does not take the time to build his characters.
Someone must have convinced it that this time, the cinema dollars are better won by running the film like a headless chicken.
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.