After seeing Blaze and led Miss Daisy, I was ready for insane pleasure - Oh, maybe something like Tango and Cash.
maybe not !
Insanted pleasure is one thing, but the dead slope of the brain is another question.
Tango & Cash has "the lowest common denominator" written everywhere.
The film features Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell as rival infiltrated cops in L. A .Russell plays money, an imprudent slob that dresses in jeans and t-shirts.
Stallone plays Tango, a rich investor who works on the force strictly for the thrill; he does not need money.
In an effort to change her image, Stallone opts for a Yuppie look, GQ in the film, wearing glasses and three costumes.
The two detectives reluctantly become partners after being supervised for murder and have to get out of prison to erase their names.
Tango & Cash is unbearably noisy.
To start, there is the boring synthesized score of Harold Faltermeyer, who ages after four notes.
To make things worse, filmmakers seem to think that in terms of noisy explosions and howling cars, the more crazy there are.
In fact, the film begins with not one but two car prosecutions.
There is nothing like a good car pursuit to present the characters in a film.
The brain of the scriptwriter Randy Feldman had to go to Mush watching too many cop shows on television.
His scandalously stupid scenario undermines everything and all that the film has, like Stallone's efforts to convince you that Tango is an intellectual.
In a film with the Qi level of an Amibe, even a large actor will find it difficult to appear intelligent - and Stallone is not Lawrence Olivier.
It is difficult to imagine that whoever read Feldman's script and thought of it: "I want to be in this film".
The intrigue of the film does not have an original bone in its body and - again - you must point your finger on the script.
The story of Feldman succumbs to each cliché of criminal thriller in the book, making tango and generic and predictable cash.
They could simply have called him "action film".
Each character, each round and lap, is stolen on television or other films.
Add the insult to the injury, the tango and the cash are about as credible as a "road run" cartoon.
Action films do not have to be realistic, but they should absorb you enough for you not to think about the lack of realism.
The only artistic aspect of Tango & Cash is cinematography.
There are spectacular plans, especially during the rainy night prison break in which tango and cash flow to safety on electric wires.
The main draw of the film is the chemistry between Stallone and Russell.
Unfortunately, their relationship rarely progresses beyond the macho competition while they bicked out endless on who wraps more meat in their pants.
The dialogue only consists of the liners, and therefore the attempts to develop the character are embarrassing.
It's a shame because with an achievable scenario, Russell and Stallone could have transformed Tango & Cash into a charming "deadly" adventure.
Tango & Cash try to maintain a clear tone and you laugh about once every five minutes.
Seeing Russell in Drag is the funniest moment in the film, but you've probably seen it in advertisements.
In addition, the clear tone is not well against the violence relentlessly brutal.
Machine guns and torture generally do not mix well with comedy.
Jack Palance appears in Tango & Cash by doing the best: playing a wales and accomplice.
His character, however, is commonplace, with the exception of his strange obsession for mice.
Like many wicked from films, Palace likes to play games.
In fact, it establishes a ridiculously elaborate trap for tango and money, a trap that sends the two detectives to prison so that they can be beaten and electrocuted by certain villains in the boiler room.
You must ask yourself why Palace is not only shooting on the D Expective in the head!
The story would collapse if one of the characters was doing something intelligent.
Teri Hatcher plays Stallone's sister and Russell's love of love, and she is just as pretty as possible.
But unfortunately, the hatching game is not tied with its exceptional beauty.
Whenever she opens her mouth, you creak teeth; cheesy dialogue and excruciating game are always a deadly combination.
There is really very little, or even nothing, to recommend in the film.
And, more specifically, tango is certainly not worth a penny with your money - so don't worry.