The 1990s would remember the era of binary films events in Hollywood - two films dealing with the same subject, or, to be precise, even "high concept".
In the summer of 1994, this "high concept" was "Mad Bomber Action Thriller".
In a few weeks, the speed of actionfest of "Thrillride of the Summer" was followed by a rather stunned thriller, so disappointing that most people associate these days in the title of 1992 in which Nicole Eggert made some naked scenes.
The film begins in prison in Northern Ireland, where Gaerity (Tommy Lee Jones), terrorist will go with the great talent to make deadly explosive devices of almost all documents, escapes from the prison.
He comes to Boston, where he accidentally notices Jimmy Dove (Jeff Bridges), expert dedicated to the elimination of bombs within the Boston police.
Few people except Gaerity know the violent past of the dove, when he was a terrorist of IRA before becoming sick of violence, betraying Gaerity and emigrating to America where he changed the name and started toUse your experience with common sense.
Gaerity holds Dove personally responsible for his captivity and begins the terrorist bombing campaign, specifically directed the colleagues, friends and parents of Dove.
Dove, who will just retire and start his family, must now face the crazy bomber.
Although the speed does not even try to bother with the plot and the characters, using them only as an excuse for long and spectacular action scenes, breathtaking try to be more conventional and provide action withA back story.
And this is the main reason why it is lower than the speed.
The badly written intrigue and the badly written characters are sometimes worse than no intrigue and no characters at all.
The scenario of John Bateer and John Rice barely affects the complicated problems of Northern Ireland, using tragedy only as a cheap background for an even cheaper drama.
The intrigue is, of course, full of implausibility.
The main thing is the fact that the film does not explain how the only individual, no matter how brilliant it is, can produce thousands of fatal devices and hold an entire city at a distance.
These questions, as in the case of speed, could be forgotten while the action continues, but the breaks between the action scenes are filled with a shot and predictable situation which should provide a background to the characters.
Because of them, the film seems a little too long and boring sometimes.
The most boring element of the film, however, is Tommy Lee Jones in the role of Mad Bomber.
His game is so exaggerated that the potentially fascinating villain turns into a pathetic caricature of himself.
This role is in painful contrast with the strong performance given by the same actor in fugitive.
However, the film has some light points.
Certain action scenes are good, which should be credited with the director Stephen Hopkins (Predator II, judgment Night).
And Forrest Whitaker really shines in a minor role of the colleague of Dove.
But, on the whole, breathtaking is a film which was rightly shaded by its more famous, but barely unforgettable competitor.