I have never been a fan of "Star Trek" and, to tell the truth, on the five films in the series I saw (1, 2, 3, 8, 9), I hated them all.
However, I always go to one of them with an open mind, and the ninth film in the series, "Star Trek: insurrection", is no exception.
Almost completely abandoning the hard science fiction element of the previous series, "First Contact", "insurrection", tells the story of a planet that contains only 600 people, known as Ba'ku, as well as the fountain of youth.
At the start of the image, the villagers are attacked by a second extraterrestrial species, known as Son'a, who want to push all the Ba'ku so that their own race does not go out.
Data (Brent Spiner), a robot from the Star Trek Enterprise.
After returning to Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) and the gang on their space ship, no one can understand why the data was somehow taken up by another force.
Thus, several members of Star Trek go to the planet of the Ba'ku, where Picard meets and begins to fall in love with one of the inhabitants, a sensual and kind extraterrestrial woman (Donna Murphy), who has more than six yearsOne hundred years, but only seems to be in their thirties.
 "Star Trek: Insurrection", is a completely non -original and inexpensive payment in the series, and is a big step at the bottom of "First Contact" of 1996, which at least seemed to try to do something a little different.
In, "insurrection", however, he plays like a low level episode of the television show, due to the little generic story, and an accent on one-liners rather than excitement.
The film was filled with an almost non -stop comedy, and even worse, most fell faster than a cartoon character who falls from a cliff.
Meanwhile, when there were action sequences, they were not at all interesting or inventive, based on this reliable old timer which counts very, very slowly.
This device, which is seen in just about all action films made today, is aging quickly.
Are the filmmakers so bankrupt with ingenuity and ideas that they must always have a timer that turns during the peak?
Another element of "Star Trek", films in general is that Picard seems to have always to have a love interest, but it always disappears miraculously when the next film is made two or three years later.
Although Donna Murphy, who is the victim of this role of ungrateful romantic interest here, is in fact one of the few characters that we learn in the operating time of 103 minutes, Alfre Woodard was much higher than "First Contact".
She should have come back to this one, but I don't blame him for not wanting to waste her time with the disappointing and often lifeless scenario of this film, by Michael Piller.
 "Star Trek: Insurrection" may be the weakest film in the series "Star Trek", although I have not seen what is largely considered to be the worst, "Star Trek V: The Final Frontier."
 "Insurrection" is the "safe" sequel type which will be perplexed non-faunted, because it is so low compared to most of today's successful action films (although most of them do notBe honestly not very good either), and should no longer deceive the loyal trekks, because it could have been easily better if the manufacturers had realized that the scenario had to go through a few additional drafts.
On reflection, they should probably have completely rejected the script.
In this way, they could have found a story that had at least a sign of intelligence and freshness.