The most depressing thing about the James Bond film for depressing pedestrian pedestrians "The World Is Auth" is its last frame: white letters on a black background proclaiming "James Bond will return".
Oh I certainly hope no.
With Pierce Brosnan in his third and was the last round as James Bond 007, "the world is not enough" is the best example to date that "" quite "is sufficient.
In this, the 19th chapter of the apparently endless franchise featuring the British secret agent of Debonair of Ian Fleming who loves his Martinis - and his nés - not stirring, the under -inspired screenwriters have chosen to rehabilitate allConfigurations, waterfalls, and sexy meetings of the 18 previous connection films rather than offering everything that is the least original.
We have prosecution on the speed boats, ski proceedings and sticky situations on board nuclear submarines.
We have a few hot girls with a sidewall without an ounce of actor capacity between them.
We have a megalomaniac after the cold war folded over the destruction of the world of world domination (here played by a Skinhed Robert Carlyle with a medium and lean panal).
And, as has been the case since "The Spy Who Loved Me" from 1977, we have a plot that has nothing to do with everything that is designed by Mr. Fleming.
We also have a main game song from Garbage to which, with very little effort, you can adapt the lyrics to * the two * songs of "Tomorrow Never Dies".
Although originality has never been the strong costume of the series, the films were almost always fun, with at least some thoughts in non -stop waterfalls.
I cannot think of a memorable room overall - and very dull - "The world is not enough."
In addition, Michael Apted (yes, the respected director of films such as "Coal Miner's Daughter", "Nell" and the documentary series "28Up") benefits the embarrassing advantage of the full range of Bond Clich?
You get the "Talking Killer" plot device - you know the scenario: the villain has the right guy at his mercy but he is poetic just long enough to die of old age.
And you get a multitude of assassins at high prices that cannot hit a barn door at 20 steps: in the first minutes of the film (from an endless 128), Bond continues a sensible elite shooting alongThe Thames and the charming leather fails to fertilize the "fishing boat" swollen with a bond with a bazooka when it pulls a few meters from it.
Later, she took off in a hot air balloon with Bond hanging from a guy's rope but is still unable to remove it.
These reliable absurdities are more frustrating than usual because there are no distractions other than occasional announcements for luxury cars, vodka or credit cards.
In and among the investments of creeping products, Brosnan cluits with Carlyle, Sophie Marceau de "Braveheart" (as a victim of the Slash heir kidnapping Elektra King; she is terrible), "Wild Things" 'Denise Richards (Like a lord-Maid nuclear physicist; she is laughable), and Judi Dench as M.Dame Judi brings the only unleashing of dignity to a series that has long abandoned his self-respect (almost when Roger Moore hasInherited from Walther Ppk of Bond).
Brosnan goes through the movements with the grace and the charm you expect from the former star of "Remington Steele", but even must think that there is more in life than an easy pay check.
He gave a lot to deliver, but only one of them - "I don't know about doctor jokes" - I (although "I thought Christmas comes only once a year" is moreComplies with the series "Panchant for worthy word games).