The camera zooms in incredibly close.
He focuses on the closed eyes of an alleged dead person.
Suddenly, with a thunderous sound effect and a musical impulse with a strange sound, his eyelids open.
The camera zooms in incredibly close.
He focuses on one of the characters who run desperately for his life.
Then, with a thunderous sound effect and a musical impulse with a strange sound, she falls on the killer.
The camera zooms in incredibly close.
He focuses on a door from which apparently strange sounds emanate.
Suddenly, with a thunderous sound effect and a musical impulse with a strange sound, the doors open to reveal what is inside.
Such shivers in close-up, as these seemed to cause more laughter from the public rather than a real fear, which is a fairly good sign that you do not watch the thriller that the director had originally imagined.
You rather adopt the opinion that the characters are so clumsy and so unconscious of the troubles in which they are, that you stop worrying about who lives, who dies and where the story goes.
Instead, you are more interested in how the characters are killed.
The four young adolescents who are the potential sacrificial lambs of this film are Helen and Barry and Julie and Ray - two couples and dear friends to each other.
During the summer just after the graduation of the high school grades, they make a fateful road on a Dark Mountain road.
Suddenly, without warning, his car strikes someone that the teenagers presume were killed as a result of this collision.
Fearing the prison sentence and the accusations of possible accusations of private mansions guilty if they admit, they rather decide to throw the body into the ocean and make a pact so as not to discuss the episode again.
A year is happening and things among the four friends are starting to change.
Relations sparkle, future dreams collapse and attitudes change.
But, they cannot forget what they did.
And apparently, someone else cannot either.
Someone starts sending letters to the four teenagers with the scary message: "I know what you did last summer."
The letter writer (a figure in a rubber rabougard brandishing a large metallic hook) soon known his presence and begins to track down the four adolescents.
It is now the four to try to understand who the killer is before it is too late.
Although this film has beautiful visually strange effects, too much of its impact had to be generated with extreme close -ups, while the level of suspense was at best agitated.
There is so much more that this film could have been, but decided to give us that cheap thrills.
It could have been a little intelligent, but to find out who the killer made me rise to my shoulders.
This could have explored the friendships changed after a year of adults, but seemed to include this appearance only to add 15 more minutes to the film.
It could have given us smarter characters who knew that every time you are alone and you see dark characters moving around, you do not head towards them by shouting "hello".
Once you have shouted "hello", you can expect an extreme close up, a thunderous sound effect and a strange musical impulse.
It is difficult to be pending when you know what's going to happen.
The only redemptor aspect of the film is that I now have an interesting idea for a Halloween costume, but I don't know if the local costume store sells slickers and rubber hooks.
The horror I have experienced from this film realizes that I went to see her.