The three musketeers of Alexander Dumas are one of the most often adapted literary works, and for a good reason: the swashbuckler is a legend rather than a simple story.
Perhaps the musketeer, a new film that "reimagine" the novel in the spirit and style of the matrix, is a too much adaptation.
It's just horrible: without spirits, silly and unforgivatedly boring, transforming the timeless classic into a meli-melo of an old cliché? S and inconsistent and repetitive action sequences.
This time, D'Artagnan is played by the model of Calvin Klein Justin Chambers, who cannot even pronounce the name of his character.
As a child, he saw his father be killed by February (Tim Roth), a lackey of the Halongé Cardinal of Richelieu power.
He swore to take revenge.
After having followed intense training under an expert swordsman, he goes in search of his enemy.
In his quest, he breaks in a fight for control at the highest level of the French government.
The royal musketeers have lost their enthusiasm, with their jobs supported by the cardinal guards.
There are only a few loyal swashbuckers, including Athos and Portos (which are only figureheads in this film).
With D'Artagnan, they are fighting to extract the queen (Catherine Deneuve) from the traps that Febre and Richelieu try to plant.
Oh, and afterwards, from Artagnan falls in love with the poor maid to the local inn (Mena Suvari).
I just thought I would mention it.
Now look: I do not know what idea it was, but the one who is responsible deserves serious heating of the language.
I have nothing against classic "modernizing" works of literature - at the very least, they can inspire viewers to read the book - but films as dull as it has no positive side effects.
Director Peter Hyams, known for such masterpieces of modern cinema that Timecop and end of days, abandoned everything that was great in Dumas' masterpiece: the sense of excitement,cause and camaraderie.
Instead, we are impressively choreographed but in one way or another of the empty and not very imprisoned action sequences that emerge from the void and lead to nothing.
When the musketeers finally manage to scream "all for one, and for all," I could have swears that Dumas was rolling in his grave that I felt.
Perhaps the reason for the total lack of suspense here is the tone of the hyams, which is unreasonably dark and brooded when you consider the condensed version of the reader of the story it gives us.
It is as if something that could have been interpreted as "fun" was deliberately extended to production.
The nurse of procedures, from the umbraged lighting oppressively to the mechanical combat scenes, can be felt within each frame.
The rooms cannot act; Suvari, Roth and Deneuve can, but are not lucky.
And when Push manages to push, the use of cascade doubles is obvious, although at least Roth can play a villain without having to wear a monkey costume.
Some films seem sloppy and reckless, clearly made for a small money.
With the musketeer, we have the impression that he was meticulously designed to be horrible.
The film is complex, elegant and precise, hitting the bad note each time.