The year has barely a week, and there is already a candidate for the Worse of 1997 - the relic, a potential cooler that succeeds better to make the public laugh than to shout.
In this ridiculous film by Uberhack Peter Hyams (the last two images of which were terrible of Jean-Claude Van Damme vehicles), a creature that feeds on the hypothalamus (hypothalamii?) Humans and animals put themselves in a Chicago museum.
How did this creature have seen the light of day and why is he feeding hormones?
The "scientific" explanation prepared by the writers four - yes, four - credited writers (Amy Holden Jones, John Raffo, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver) takes "the suspension of disbelief" to new summits, even according to standardsof monster films.
But as a cockamomy as science in the film, it is not as difficult to swallow as the casting of the Penelope without Cluelope Ann Miller as a brilliant molecular biologist specializing in evolutionary genetics.
Miller acts as if she wanted an Oscar nomination, turning each scene that requires the slightest emotion display in an exaggerated Oscar clip, with piercing groans and glycerin tears.
Abandon it, Penelope - it's a _monster_movie_.
On the other hand, Tom Sizemore is just phones of his performance as a police lieutenant, but his role is so ungrateful that it is difficult to imagine that it is played more effectively.
It is quite funny to see a film to indulge, with the simplest of the faces, in all these shots of cheeky horror films that Wes Craven has brought so well (and so recently) in Scream.
For example, in a first scene, a museum security guard enters a bathroom stand late at night.
Ok, we all know what is coming, but as if we no longer needed confirmation, he takes out a joint and begins to swell.
Everyone knows what happens to people who take drugs in a scary film.
And later, Miller frantically comes out of a museum exhibition after hearing suspicious heavy breathing.
Does she make a conference for the front door?
Of course, not - she rushes into the ladies' room and flowed in a stand.
With all the clichés, it is only advisable that the culmination of the film offers what is perhaps the most overused in the recent film: that of someone who exceeds a ball of fire.
If the relic is really "the next evolution of terror" as the poster indicates, then the horror film - and humanity - is in an even worse form that we did not think.