Please don't bother that this bag of wind leaves a little vapor ... I
I just want to warn that you don't waste your $$$ hard won on Anaconda.
This is not even worth a video rental of 99 cents.
Do not listen to Ebert on this one (he has no idea what he is talking about!)
BTW I accompanied my friend to this one because she was * held * to watch her in assignment (she reviews the films for a local newspaper).
Now I will back down my breaths and my breath.
Here is :
Film: Anaconda Rydain's Bottom Line: Wait for it to arrive in the United States all night.
Even then, I doubt that it is worth the price of the jolt (to help you stay so late!)
Why do I hate Anaconda?
Let me count the tracks ...
First of all, this film hurts too many snake facts.
As a mining (snake lover), I can tell you that a) the anacondas would never reach a length of 40 feet, b) they are afraid of people, c) the cases of snakes who eat adult humans areExtremely rare because the human shoulders are too to adapt in the mouth of a snake, and the constriction snakes do not kill what they cannot eat, d) people can exceed snakes without problem, especiallyHeavy like the anacondas, e) If an anaconda ate a human, it would be at least 6 months to sit on his buttocks to digest the huge meal, so he could not run in everyone in the distribution, and f) Snakes do not have vocal cords, so they cannot make noise of funny cries.
Phew.
I was ready to suspend reality if the film was worth it.
Unfortunately, Anaconda was about as suspense and exciting as watching Paint Peel.
My friend and I even managed to plan who would live in the end.
Everyone can say that the villain will eventually die.
It was a shame because his character was one of the few reasons why my friend and I did not abandon and fall asleep.
He was the friendliest character in the film.
Who wouldn't like someone who looks like a disturbed Walt Whitman?
Anaconda had her cute moments: arguments between the character of Ice Cube and the British guy, for example.
However, these little flashes were not worth the other hour and twenty-eight minutes of boring Schlock.
The writers had - and blown - a multitude of opportunities to insert funny lines.
I was quite disappointed with a scene where a young guy tells a young woman whom the jungle makes him excited.
Did she retaliate with an intelligent and breathtaking return?
Of course not !
 "I'm trying to work!"
Gee, it's even more stupid than the shit feedback that I offer.
She could have told him to find a hole in the touch or something like that ...
 ; P but I must admit that there was only one scene where I was surprised by the result (index: this implies the evil and the returns miss crap).
As for the plot, I always try to find one.
This film was essentially an excuse for bringing a cargo of people into a dangerous territory where they could be groaned by ridiculous and computer -generated anacondas with eyes and hooks of vipers and acceleration down faster than theseverity of a harrier jet.
 (Harrier Snake?)
Not to mention instant digestion so that they can go Snarf countless other victims.
The writers tried to throw a kind of twisted intrigue (should I call it a conspiracy knot because it had no meaning?) In which the G-friend of the sick guy embraces the evil and sudden guy, everyone hates evil guy and begins to try to kill.
It was about as clear and understandable as the mission: impossible.
 (If someone could explain this film to me, I would be very grateful!
All the double agents at the old seemed to be the same !!)
I was not inspired by the game, except for the evil guy.
But I cannot blame the actors.
It was not their armchand so if they had a coarse script with whom to work with.
This concludes the Rydain rant on a shameless exploitation (and perpetuation!) Of the fear of the public of snakes.
Comments, flames, someone?
-Ydain atomic cheese, Chernobyl Da fresh Iries!