About about an hour in "The Jackal", a character walked while people were slaughtered in a great sequence of suspense, and one of the members of the theater, I saw him by shouting "IHope she is killed now! "
At that time, it struck me: I didn't care about any of the characters played by actors that I didn't really like.
When the only reason you care about a character played by Sidney Poitier in a suspense film is because he is played by Sidney Poitier, you know that something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Each year, some films like this have been released.
You know: the inexpensive and crowded international spy film, with a semi-prometrifying premise, some major actors (generally Bruce Willis), and the hopes that some public members will forget the Cold War ending several years ago.
It was the third of '97, according to the very dull "saint", which included a amoral costume changing as a budding budding; and the "Peacemaker" surprisingly amusing, with Clooney and Kidman trying to stop an almost unwatering villain.
 "The Jackal" tries to mix the two elements.
And you thought "the saint" was bad.
 "The Jackal" is vaguely (very freely, I hope) based on the classic Fred Zimmerman of 1973 that I have not yet seen, "The Day of the Jackal", which presented (apparently) a suave killer called the jackal, Pareedward Fox, trying to murder Charles Degaule.
Well, welcome in the 90s, where a hitman suave released, also called the jackal (Bruce Willis), trying to kill the FBI head ... or
is it ?
After being hired by a Lord of the Russian crowd as a little revenge for the murder of his brother (killed in the opening scenes), the jackal takes place throughout the northern hemisphere, from Helsinki to Virginia, puttingIn place an elaborate plan in which he is able to assassinate this person and escape to live in isolation.
And like the saint, the jackal changes his eyes again and again to escape people.
The agent working on the case, Cater Preston (Sidney Poitier - Yes, that Sidney Poitier), working with a Russian agent, Valentina Koslova (Diane Venora - Lady Capulet of "Romeo + Juliet"), abandons early and meets aFormer man of the IRA, Declan Mulqueen (Richard Gere, setting up a close competition between him and Brad Pitt for the worst Irish false accent in 1997) who is in a Massachusetts prison, but who apparently saw the jackal, whohas escaped the Loipour always.
Soon he works with the two unreliable agents and tried to help them catch him.
There are many problems with the film, and which is most important is quite impossible to put a finger.
The film is supposed to be a big suspense thriller, but except for a few moments, the film never reaches suspense, or even a feeling of intrigue.
Of course, the great attempt to assist is a bit cool and even slightly tense, but all the other scenes in the film are too short and too dull to register.
The film never accepts enough to become an exciting, or even entertaining experience.
This does not help that the intrigue is designed to be complex, but falls into so many problems, such as the intrigue holes and incredible circumstances.
The script of "The Jackal" is a complete mess, mainly because it cannot decide what it wants to focus.
Is it a film on a man who tries to find redemption by grabbing a villain?
Is it a film on an unpleasant and amoral Hitman that is in everything for money?
Or is it a combination of the two?
 "The Jackal" targets the latter, but never focuses on one or the other character.
The link between the two feels completely published, so much so that in a scene where the jackal turns around and notices Declan, you wonder how he recognized him so quickly.
The worst is the little past they are trying to give Declan, in particular his relationship with an old girlfriend, Isabella (Mathilda May), given so little screen time that you almost forget that her character exists until she appears from time to time.
The support characters are worse.
Sidney Poitier has a completely unplayable role, that of a man who is sometimes severe, and other times more giving and sympathetic.
What is Poitier doing here?
He is one of the best living actors!
Does he really need to waste time hiking like that?
The Russian character of Diane Venora is almost as bad, with a cigarette perpetually in her mouth and a facade without expression.
It is not that anyone is bad here; it is that they have nothing to do.
The intrigue is a joke, having the impression of having been stuck together by someone in post-production who dropped each scene on the ground and glued them quickly so that it can be released on time.
The jackal itself is not even an international villain.
There are several times when he is in a tight situation and aggravates things for himself, the only explanation being that the filmmakers wanted to throw in a cheap chill.
Take a scene where he is followed by some agents in a parking lot: he quickly pulverizes his car another color, and adds a solvent which, if it is touched, kills the person who touched it.
Doesn't killing someone attract more attention than distracting?
And does he think that dying his blonde of hair bottle makes him integrate into a public place?
Decision!
Is there anything good here?
Good ... a
Couples of things.
I liked Willis' frozen expressions; he may not have been really sweet or anything, but some of his looks are worth a laugh.
Richard Gere has some good moments, which makes his character as sympathetic as possible.
And a few sequences are kicks in this kind of proposed, completely stupid but funny, in particular: a sequence where he tests a new pistol on a boring fire manufacturer (Jack Black); and a little where he seduces aGay man from Washington, who has a few good jokes, the most special a kiss from Willis.
But none of these elements raises the higher film than it could go; these are only small distractions along the way to have fun slightly, then reject us into the world of dull and the stupidity that is"the Jackal".
The director Michael Caton-Jones (who made the Grand Superior "Rob Roy") made a film which is made in a few months, a film which is uncertain, useless and roughly cold, but which will nevertheless make moneyBecause, hey, the trailers so that it can be fun in this kind in a retro-class.
From time to time, filmmakers succeed ("clear and present danger", which was huge in this intelligent way), but "the jackal" is an example of when they are completely mistaken.