One might think that the lamentable failure of this film would be due to the fact that American filmmakers grasp a brilliant British comedy and "Americanizing".
You are mistaken, because the complete blame can be placed on the very people who have written and created the series: Rowan Atkinson, Robin Driscoll and Richard Curtis.
If you've never met these guys, make me a favor.
Take it through the hair and cry very hard in the ear: "What did you think?!
Have you ever heard the expression "if it is not broken, do not repair it"?! "
Then get away from it.
The film concerns Mr.bean (Atkinson) and his visit to America while escorting the painting of "Whistler's Mother" to an American buyer (played by Burt Reynolds, in the type of little as his success in "Boogie Nights" should, hope-The, delete).
Now how or why Mr.Bean is sent to this trip makes no sense, and I can't even describe how the film explains.
The fact is that Mr.Bean comes to America and causes eccentric problems.
Problems problems, where to start?
First, the music for the partition of the television show was completely replaced by a score which is sometimes a note away from the partition of "Beetlejuice" or a note far from the score of "Rob Roy".
Then, the choices of songs are completely inspired.
 "Good vibrations"?
 "I love the."?
Wow, don't think about these guys.
In addition, Bean makes too much noise in the film.
The character does not speak much, but in the series, you really hear the laughter of the public, and perhaps the occasional murmur of Mr. Haricot.
Each episode was like a silent film by Chaplin.
In the film, Bean moans constantly, growl, whine, etc. It is boring and simply false for the character.
The main problem is that it's just not funny.
With each episode of the series, there would be dozens of really large laughs piled up in less than 30 minutes.
However, multiply this execution time by three, and laughter decreases regularly.
They even have the Gaul to repeat the jokes of the series.
Sad and lazy creative.
As a series, "Mr. Bean" only worked for about 13 episodes.
Why was the Devil Atkinson and the gang decided that it was time to rework everything?
13 episodes of half an hour certainly had not exhausted all possible situations.
All I can say positively for the film at this stage is that it is almost appropriate for all ages, if it was not for a few scenes where it seems that Mr.Bean has sex withthings.
And even it is not a very positive statement.
Please go back to England and go back to television so you make me laugh again.
[PG-13]