`` The Skulls '' is a ridiculously bad thriller, a double -oriented double in adolescents of the "business" so ridiculous and ridiculous that it made me drift in a hypnotic stupor.
Certain moments are so absurd that I almost herniated to try to suffocate laughter.
I constantly grove, all the way back.
Let me share.
The Skulls is a secret company designed inside Yale walls (designed, I'm sure, to reflect the real Skull & Bones from the same college).
Luke McNamara (Joshua Jackson), a Townnia and a local rowing championship for the third consecutive year, highlights the latest skull scouting report.
Despite the anxiety and prudence of others, Luke accepts the entry into the organization.
Shortly after, he finds himself surrounded by beautiful women, leading a new car and marveling by the $ 20,000 who surfaced in his bank account.
Yeah, guy, well enough, huh?
But Luke soon learns that membership is somewhat suffocating; when circumstances become extreme, there is no way to leave society - except maybe like a drool vegetable.
The premise, although lacking in originality, certainly offers its share of potential intrigue and suspense.
Unfortunately, the "skulls" are neither intriguing, nor without suspense, nor anything other than you associate with costs or exciting.
It's just another Abyssal teenage prototype that has the soundtrack, the stars ....
But not the script.
"The Skulls" is so bad that it reaches a certain level of entertainment value, with the scenario, by Jon Pogue, immediately becoming the basis of a multitude of involuntary howlers.
First of all, during their initiation in their skulls, each new member must have a skull mark on their arms.
Then they are provided with a wristwatch which conveniently covers the scar.
Will they never remove this watch?
What if they forget by their bedside?
Perhaps their secret society was a little too visible when they decided to mark new members such as livestock in an easily exposed body of the body.
In addition to that, they each receive a book of rules and a key to the headquarters.
Gee, why not member t-shirts?
But my favorite piece is as follows: the voting committee for the skulls does not care about the individual? Okay or in disagreement of the concepts when making collective decisions.
They receive official skull paddles.
When returned on one side, they indicate that the member agrees with the proposal.
Facing the opposite way means a disagreement.
Wouldn't they be simply verbally expressed?
surely not .
They must recover the paddles for an appropriate vote, and perhaps afterwards, they can play ping-pong.
I always puck up on these ridiculous details, but humiliating dialogue is enough to send one to the arrest.
The cast, meanwhile, combines a pinch of veterans talent with a pinch of the "Dawson's Creek" crowd, and merges the two together, ensuring that embarrassment will be a mutually shared union throughout.
But not entirely.
Actors accomplished like Craig T.nels (as president of Skulls, judge Litten Mandrake) and William Peterson (as a colleague member of the board of directors, Levritt) are treated with the caricatures of the pathetic wicked and seem to be properly embarrassed byManipulate them.
And then there is Christopher McDonald, who has the ability to be a fun and exciting actor.
McDonald's charisma is completely decreased here while driving through another role of superficial villain (yes, Pogue makes it a hat -trick).
I pray that it was an exercise "torn from the Pay-Cueillette and Run" for all these actors.
The young troop of artists involved a just better.
Cut the talented Canadian boy Joshua Jackson a little soft for having maintained credibility within the limits of his character.
Paul Walker, the strapping quarter of “Varsity Blues”, is bland but passable as Caleb Mandrake - the judge’s son.
Walker keeps an impassive face, even when he treated the The most silly dialogue in the film ("Dad, I just killed a guy in the ritual room!").
A real spark is generated by Leslie Bibb, which embodies Luke's longtime boyfriend, and manages to succeed in convincing dramatic.
This really comes down to the actors who try to unravel the surrounding plastic bubble of the absurdity which cages of the first minute.
Or maybe not a minute, thanks to a decent configuration by director Rob Cohen, who films the first sequences with a feeling of atmosphere and style.
This makes you ask you why he did not fled indefinitely from the project, because although pleasant cheese like "Dragonheart" and the Stallone thriller moderated `` daylight '' are not a superior cinema, they belongto the list of the 100 best AFIs compared to this degradationpoubelle.
Aside from the humant involuntarily the public, "the skulls" are not accomplished.
The chills and the action are lazy and mechanical.
The story is filled with ridiculous conspiracies and formula that timidly neglect the cool potential of a secret film of the Underground company.
Instead of acquiring knowledge of the skulls as an organization, we are pushed into a lame video surveillance plot that has developed bercacles from excessive use.
We have already seen everything before, and better.
"The skulls" are a weak little stupidity circus, so badly calculated that - although it would serve as an intelligent pun - a term? Boshed 'seems simply too generous.