The most popular trend of the last two years has been the end of the touch.
Looking at one of these films, everything seems to have a meaning until you are suddenly blown away by an unexpected surprise.
When the film ends, there is a moment of confusion, then memories, then a little more confusion, then perhaps a second visualization for clarification.
This is a description of an ideal turn that perfected everything he offers to do and more.
The good surprises make the movies fun to watch.
Then there are bad twists and turns.
You know either what will happen ten minutes in the film (I'm talking about your Rennes games), or you haven't guess the end because it's so scandalously stupid.
Grease perfectly suited to this last description.
Which starts as a stupid guilty pleasure which should be fun to make fun of a group of friends ends in a complex final with too much.
by man's writers on the moon and people vs.
Larry Flynt, Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski leave Milos Forman and strike the cinema.
Oops.
Van is an insane Christmas song that has become furious with few laughs and many active embarrassments.
Norm Macdonald plays the role of Willard Filmore, a driver who works hard who just wants a little respect for his rich, old and insidious, Miss Crock (Elaine Stitch).
When he hears his plans to fire him on Christmas day, Willard is convinced by his best friend Rusty (Dave Chapelle) to kidnap the beloved dog of Crock and to hold him for a ransom of a million dollars.
Too excited to pay attention, the unhappy losers' plan is bad when the dog escapes and returns home.
Now Crock thinks that Willard has been kidnapped and that the two friends, realizing that they can earn even more money, decide to stage the false abduction.
Of course, anything that could go wrong.
The first forty -five minutes of vision are harmless entertainment - a guilty pleasure that should be pleasant.
But the complicated script ultimately turns into a disaster that is impossible to bear.
The more these characters are silly, the more imprudent the script.
At one point, I wanted to get out of my seat and shout on these characters: "No, silly!"
I'm not just talking about Willard and Rusty, who were extremely boring, I also talk about the cops of this film.
A monkey could have resolved this case in less than an hour, but these guys (led by the murder of Daniel Benzali) were simply without any idea to forgive.
They give real cops of bad names.
Poor Danny Devito does not know how to refuse a role these days.
Looking almost identical to his penguin in Batman: come back, every time he appeared on the screen, I had to shake my head with disbelief.
He simply did not belong to this film.
Macdonald and Chapelle are veterans of this kind of films, but Devito made the film much worse than it was already, coarse humor is certainly not its strong point.
If you are a fan of the other chaotic comedy of Norm Macdonald, Dirty Work, you might really like this loved one.
Otherwise, don't get fucked up with your harshly won money.