Synopsis: Mauque Julie James, still haunted by the nightmares of the killer Ben Willis to know what you did last summer, withdraws when her new best friend Karla Wilson wins a trip for four to the Bahamas.
Arriving at the start of the hurricane season, Julie and Karla run in very tight clothes and realize that they entered a trap fixed by the Slasher Rainscickerred with a huge hook for a hand.
Comments: I may show an illiteracy of pop culture here, but I have never seen an episode of the Fox "Party of Five" television series.
I am only vaguely aware of the premises of the show, and my knowledge comes from brief advertisements to which I have taken attention half supported by looking at the tube.
 "Party of Five", I know, however, seems to be the starting ground for actresses in the horror genre of adolescents.
Neve Campbell, Scream Queen from the 90s and Star of Scream, Scream 2 and The Craft, is a regular.
The same goes for Jennifer Love Hewitt.
And there you go, according to the traces of Campbell, Hewitt now has its own horror frankness: Line I Know What You to What You To You Frey.
Although the original film, released last year, was sufficiently regardable, this tasteless suite made me look at the brilliant red exit panel all along.
Jennifer Love Hewitt is a very beautiful young woman of head; however, unlike Neve Campbell, Hewitt has trouble playing.
She is simply not convincing in this film (and she was not in the original either).
It puts many young men, including myself, in a paradoxical dilemma: she is very attractive, but the boring, spoiled and valley girl type that she tries to play here is boring for the extreme and ruin of manyScenes that focus on exploitment, its silhouette.
Add the equally pleasant but irritating Brandy to the mixture, another TV star for adolescents, and you get a frustrated male audience.
I spent so much time on Hewitt and Brandy for a reason.
I always know what you did last summer, while enjoying the success of the original, finally serves as a vehicle for these two young actresses.
Nothing else here is original or interesting.
This film, in fact, means that other recent horror films like Urban Legend and the vampires of John Carpenter resemble superb works of art.
I know always is strongly based on shots of tired slasher films: an isolated location, a storm, unrearesto adolescents, nightmares of false alarms, many stages of dark light, a slasher gelné that walks inBackground without the characters seeing it, knives and knives and other sharp instruments lying around, etc. you get the image.
The whole public knows that all the secondary characters introduced in the film will receive the end of the case of the killer's hook.
They can also have huge targets painted on them.
Like Scream and its many imitations, these secondary characters are supposed to serve as comic relief.
Unfortunately, I always know that the characters are not so funny.
In particular, a character, a guy who smokes in channels, is unpleasant and certainly will not die early enough.
By the way, the death scenes are relatively violent for a horror film released theatrical.
Several of them are uncomfortable to watch, and they reminded me of the disgusting gore scenes in Hellraiser: Bloodline, a really sadistic film.
This too has not helped the supposed humor that I still know.
And what is the problem with the Slasher himself?
I know that the film Slasher is not a particularly intelligent genre, but Ben Willis must be one of the most stupid slashers of traditional horror.
Come on, the guy looks like the gorton fisherman, and his blurred voice makes him look like a Disney pirate.
Although his enlightened appearances made an essential laughter in the theater, his appearance borders the absurd in the horror film, and it is * really * sayi ng something.
So, it only remains to speak here, it is that Jennifer Love Hewitt and Brandy.
The two arise in tight, revealing outfits or in various undressing states, but none of them never makes a naked scene.
Hewitt, however, makes a post-stud scene in which his thin robe is absolutely.
 .
 .titillation.
This scene alone made this turkey has a star won two stars under my notation system.
Otherwise, Hewitt and Brandy both grate on the nerves.
At the start of the film, for example, Brandy won the trip to the Bahamas.
She and Hewitt jump and shout and howl for what seems forever.
I needed extra-torce tylenol after this part.
Oh, and the conclusion of the film, talk about repetitive!
The people who saw that I knew what you did last summer predict that I always know how to end at least 5 minutes before it happens.
boring !
I saw this film with my brother at the local cinema in the city center.
Entrance is only a dollar on Wednesday, and we will often see bad films these days just to ridicule them.
This is generally a fun thing to do with the rest of the public, which does not seem to bother to participate in a "Mystery Science Theater 3000" vision.
I always know what you did last summer, however, produced several long uncomfortable silences of the public, stressing how bad it is *.
If it was not for the revealing cabinets of the main actresses, I would have had very, very difficult to sit through this gearbox suite.
I cannot imagine trying to watch it on video (horror films seem 10 times better in a theater because they depend strongly on the participation of the public) and would not recommend it to people, unless they do notBe horror movie fanatics or huge Hewittet Brandy fans.
I have read on a website somewhere that another suite is already underway.
What a depressing thought.
Hewitt apparently needs to spend more time on television to find out how to act.
Classified R, this film contains a lot of violence, several bloody scenes and some nubile and excited teenagers - although the sexual act itself is always thwarted.
I would say that it is not suitable for children, but adolescents would not have a problem, especially since they obviously make up the target audience of the film.