"With all this education, you should know what happiness is."
With Sylvia Chang, Teresa Hu, Hsu Ming, Lieh, Mao Hsueh-Wei; directed by Edward Yang; written by Yang and Wu Nien-Chen; Cinematography of Christopher Doyle and Chang Hui-Kung
Each country finally has its new wave.
France had its novelle wave, Brazil its Novo cinema, China its fifth generation, and so on.
Some waves take longer than others, before washing, cleaning us with the discovery balm.
The new Taiwan wave came in the 1980s, in the work of directors like Hou Hsiao -Hsien, Wan Jen and Edward Yang; that day, on the beach - Yang's first feature film - is central.
He created a new language for young Taiwanese directors, even if the first attempts to talk about this language were hesitant and forty.
Subsequent work has refined the techniques that Yang explored for the first time here, giving Taiwan a distinctive international presence.
This day itself is long and frustrating, the document of an attempt at a nation to find a voice.
There is no shortage of ambition.
He anatomizes urban life in modern Taiwan, in the manner of Antonioni, elaborating the alienation that westernized middle passes feel as their life is shaped by a bet.
Jia -Li (Sylvia Chang) is the goal, but the film brings others to her compass - her husband, her brother, her friends from her college days - when he traces his dissatisfied.
No one is happy.
Jia-Li married her husband, We-Lei, at a young age.
At the time, her brother had been invited to marry, despite his affection for another woman, and therefore Jia-Li's marriage seemed, in comparison, a good: she chose We-lei of her free will, theyeach loved.
But it's going badly.
This day conscientiously presents all the cliché? S: We-lei is absorbed by his career, engages in a case with a colleague; Jia-li feels agitated and trapped, linked by a choice she made while young,But which does not seem wise.
The film never buys these shots by transmitting the feeling of an authentic experience, the intensity of the pain lived, and a large part seems banal and rider.
It takes place awkwardly, as a series of flashbacks, told during a lunch in Vienna, where Jia-Li meets the old flame of her brother (Teresa Hu), now a concert pianist, whom she did not seeFrom university.
The two women seem rather sad and resigned their sadness.
Their circumstances (and those of Jia-Li's brother and a friend of the college) suggest not so much that they made the bad choices- marked the bad man, chosen the bad career path, etc.- but rather than the choicesat their disposal were inadequate.
It is not that Jia-li married the bad man; she did not do it.
The problem is that she had to get married at all - and that if she did not get married, she would be just as unhappy.
For a woman in modern taiwan, tells us that day that the cards are stacked, the dice are loaded: she can play the game, but the house still wins.
The sympathetic feminist implications of the film are probably the reason why he caused such controversy when he left Taiwan.
Given now, it doesn't seem provocative.
Indeed, it is difficult to imagine that anyone who felt sufficiently passionate about the film to generate a controversy: it can be ambitious, it can be innovative, but it is also terribly, terribly dull.
And what was new to Taiwan was not necessarily new for the rest of us: Yang adopts the established methods of years before by Antonioni and others, and its use of these methods is to grope, uncertain, unruly.
It brings nothing new - other than the place - of equipment.
There are moments when this day takes part of the emotional wealth for which he strives - in the first kiss of a young couple, in the clumsy meeting of a woman and the mistress of her husband - but theyare brief.
Also Often, Yang devotes the unnecessary time to banal scenes - shopping to observation, boring the flowers - in what is happening, little is said, no emotion brought.
Perhaps if the film was content to focus on such reflective and interior moments, letting us guess thoughts and feelings, it could have been ambiguous, suggestive, insinuating.
But Jia-Li and her dissatisfied companions do not only cover in silence: they talk about their problems, in detail, in detail, redundantly and eliminate all subtleties.
At two o'clock and forty-five minutes, everything seems exorbitant, long, of a long breath with indulgence.
Consider the decisive moment for Jia-Li, the holder day on the beach.
The push of the whole film explains, quite easily, what we need to think of this moment, which it means when it moves away from a particular situation.
Even so, the film does not have one but two characters explain it verbally, in case we may have missed the point.
Useless time is devoted to expressing it which should have been unexpressed, and that is the problem everywhere.
The film's look is as tedious as the story trained.
It was the first feature film by Christopher Doyle - at least it is his name in the credits - which is now rightly considered to be one of the main filmmakers in the world.
In expressionism in a free wheel of his work with directors like Chen Kaige and Wong Kar-Wai, he seems unable to shape a boring image.
You would never know by looking at that day, which, due to the inexperience of Doyle, that is to say the direction of the man of Yang, is almost perverse in his insistence to make the physical environment as dull and banalas possible.
By examining the long decomposition of a marriage, this day manages to capture the boredom of the experience, but none of the damage, none of the sorrow.