"The 44 caliber killer struck again."
With John Leguizamo, Mira Sorvino, Adrian Brody, Jennifer Esposito, Michael Rispoli, Bebe Neuwirth.
to classify.
Sam's summer will be remembered as a waste of Spike Lee's abilities.
Lee is a large filmmaker, often presenting a kinetic visual flair tied with Brian Depalma and Martin Scorsese and a narrative capacity comparable to Steven Spielberg.
But here, he gets up in a link.
His last effort is the case of a director claiming that he has something to say when in reality there is little substance to absorb his work.
The summer of 1977 was an unusual summer in New York.
It was the hottest summer ever recorded.
To start, New York's first serial killer was free: qualifying Sam's son, David Berkowitz killed 9 people in the New York region and frightened the entire population of the city.
It was therefore understandable that when NYC was struck by a power failure at the city scale, people have become Berserk, causing billions of dollars in damage to the city.
The film focuses on a twenty -year group during this fateful summer: Vinny (John Leguizamo), an adulthical hairdresser, his benevolent wife Dionna (Mira Sorvino, looking for young people), Ritchie (AdrianBrody), a punkqui becomes a pariah as well as a son of Sam Suspect, a gang of small gangsters of time and a few more minor characters.
We follow them through their lives as a roller coaster, throws away from recent murders.
Vinny and Dionna have marital problems because Vinny Triche and Dionna tries to please her, he makes him remain faithful.
Ritchie is avoided by his group of friends because he began to become more and more "eccentric" and degenerated to the point of dancing in gay night clubs and making porn movies with her girlfriend.
The tensions are built and the conflicts occur while the anniversary of the first murder of Sam du Sam; the night when he promises that he will strike again.
A local gang with too much time on his hands makes a list detailing all the people that its members think they are suspects.
At the top of the list is Ritchie.
Vinny, a feasible part of the group, is called upon to put a trap on her friend.
While we look at these procedures, some of which are painfully graphic, the dreaded "then?"
The question comes to mind.
According to the way this film is made, I would have guessed that Spike Lee was trying to tell us something, but by looking more deeply, it has become clear that there is very little to find.
Lee tackles so many things - the media, the punk scene of the 70s, the details of real murders, as well as the very personal dilemmas of the characters - but he does not gather all his subjects to form a coherent theme povers a perceptible declaration.
Everything is not lost if a film turns out to be hollow; it can be a saving grace for the film to be pleasant.
Too bad Summer of Sam has no help here.
Frankly, it is a bore, a redundant and repetitive film of two hours and twenty minutes which does not entertain beyond its first half hour.
There is no suspense because the film refuses to be fully on the murders and little involving the drama because the film is too confused and its concentration too vague.
Leguizamo's turn as a boring and whining.
The script clearly indicates that we are supposed to believe that his character is defective, but always a good guy.
You would never guess his performance.
Adrian Brody and especially Mira Sorvino is doing better.
Sorvino gives a fascinating and touching performance in a trivial film (I am tempted to think that I loved it because almost everything else around her was stupid); her character affects and her true emotions to heart.
Brody, has too much portrayed an effective portrait of a young guy with attention who obtains a little more than he has negotiated.
Summer of Sam has superficial elements of a good film: he looks great, he has some notable The performances and I guess it is quite well directed, in a purely technical way.
But it is also empty, pretentious and boring.
Like Line Red Line of last year, it is a film by a director who does not know what he means but goes forward and says it anyway.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;