An attempt by Florida Film Noir, Palmetto fails at the most fundamental levels.
It is slow that moves slow, without involvement and simple simply without interest.
Harry Barber (Woody Harrelson) is an ex-Newpaper, just in prison after being supervised for a crime.
His luck was not the best, but things improve when a mysterious woman, Rhea Malroux (Elisabeth Shue), approaches him with a proposal.
She wants Harry to help her and her daughter-in-law, Odette (Chloe Sevigny), makes a false kidnapping pattern to obtain $ 500,000 from her stingy husband, but rich Felix (Rolf Hoppe).
At first, all that Harry should do is provide a threatening voice on the phone and recover money (of which he can keep 10%).
But, as the act is done, things are not what they seem, and Harry is caught in the storm that followed.
Palmetto draws all stops to make a film of film Noir, but the effect never gathers.
It has the sensual heat of Florida, attractive women and even the twists and turns of the plot, but the whole feels painting by number.
Of course, the right ingredients are there, but the end result is far too artificial.
Many problems reside with the script, which, although offering real surprises, is full of lead dialogues and bland situations.
Even the twists and turns do not seem to flow with the rest of the story.
Some of them, for example, come from so far that they apparently have meaning because the writer needed a twist (for example: Harry's spontaneous job offer, orthe whole situation of the typewriter).
The characters are mainly lifeless, played to type, but not much more.
Woody Harrelson plays Harry with such a thick impractical that it is difficult to imagine him as an ex-journalist.
Elisabeth Shue does, but adds nothing special to the role.
Chloe Sevigny gives a terrible performance, trying to be a sexy 17 -year -old girl, but she just leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
Some of the supporting players (notably Gina Gershon and Michael Rapaport) give stronger performances, but, at the end of the direction.
And to top it all, the rhythm of the film is far too slow.
While the film stops, we give you too much time to ask yourself why you waste it while looking at Palmetto.
If you are in a mood for this type of film, you would be much better to release and rent a classic black film.