So much for mild returns.
After intelligent horror films started to be made after the 80s operating films, starting with "Scream" from 1996 and followed by "Scream 2", "Urban Legend" and the original, "IKnow what you did last summer, "a film like", I always know what you did last summer ", was to be done earlier or later.
This is a perfect example of the exact reason why horror films have temporarily exhausted, and it is because they have reached the lowest condemned of denominator in cinema, promoting deaths without stop and gore forThe suspense, and exchange sympathetic expanded and sympathetic characters for unidimensional nitwits.
It has been exactly a year since Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt) suffered by the test of being terrorized by Ben Willis, a psychopathic fisherman whom her friends and she accidentally struck in the middle of the road, then, thinking that hewas dead, I threw him into the ocean.
Since then, Julie has moved to the University of Boston, and although often paranoid and haunted by bad dreams, she was able to go up her life.
When Julie's friend, Karla (Brandy), is called by a radio station and responds correctly to the capital of Brazil, she won a vacation to the Bahamas for four people, who also includes the excited boy of Karla, Tyrell (Mekhi Phifer) ,,, and Will (Matthew Settle), with whom Karla puts Julie to Julie after her own boyfriend, Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr., also back from the original), does not appear.
When they reach the isolated island, they discover that it is the last day of the open season and will be blocked for the weekend of July 4 with some employees to repel a violent storm towards them.
Of course, Julie, her friends and the workers are not the only ones there, because the murderer Ben Willis, dressed in a fisherman's costume, returns to take revenge on Julie once and for all.
This is a sad situation when a film like: "I always know what you did last summer," is done.
I am a very big fan of horror films, and it is therefore particularly discouraging to discover that this suite of "Ikwydls", of which I am a fan, is almost an exact replica of an "Friday 13" film.
While the original focused more on the story and the characters, as well as on truly suspected moments, thanks to the scenario of Kevin Williamson (who did not come back to write the rest, and it shows), "Ialways know ... ".
Has no story to talk to and is so empty of the ideas that filmmakers were forced to murder every five minutes just to keep the public interested.
He also disappeared all the signs of development of the character, and since each character died before I know them, I only had to look at the screen, indifferent to what was going on.
Although I cared about the fate of the characters in the original, that made me no difference in this sequel that lived and died.
They were all thin and useless, except to become victims of the fatal hook of the fisherman.
Another element that made the original so memorable was superbly designed decorations, such as the store sequence with Sarah Michelle Gellar, but there is not some to speak in this suite (although they are getting closer at a timewith Brandy).
Since so many people have been killed every two minutes, suspense and fear have evaporated faster than salt in the water.
It is also advisable to note the mystery of the second killer, and accomplice to Ben, but it is obvious from the first frame which it is, and therefore I could not even have fun, as I did in the films "Scream "and," Urban legend. "
He believes that, just like the Slasher films started to recognize himself, a film would come to ruin it for everyone.
Maybe the people who did: "I always know what you did last summer," should have realized that to make a good film, you must have a script --- Or at least one that is not a black hole for thoughts and ideas.
The end of the film inevitably leaves the door wide open for a third part, but to judge by this surprisingly dull first suite, all the people involved should have left when they were still in advance.