When a film is produced on a budget budget by some workers' filmmakers and when it tells the story of a real tragedy, the easy way for a critic that hated the film is to give it a pass.
Throw your usual objectivity, ignore the number of times you have checked your watch while visualizing it, forget how unbearable it was to sit down and find a means of complimenting it.
Of course, this will not be a service to your readers, but at least you will avoid the hate mail of the film fans.
It is therefore with a heavy heart that I review the film Paulina (not to be confused with the recent film Paulie about a speaking parrot).
Directed by Vicky Funari as a work of intense love - she spent the last third of her life on cinema - the film mixes documentary images with historical and fanciful leisure activities to connect the very sad and true story of Paulina Cruz Suarez.
Paulina was a maid in Vicky's house when Vicky was young.
I was able to learn the history of the film when I attended a screening in which the two women who did it were present.
For those who do not have such a context, the reaction to the film may be that it is a parody of a bad independent film.
The game is amateur, the story is gloomy, and it has the visual attraction of a bad movie at home.
Gravy and Surexposed, the film, shot on a 16 mm film and video band, has little to recommend it.
Composed with confusion, the film jumps on the spot because it tells its story.
Sometimes bloody, the story, full of horrible images, seems designed to shock us and push us away.
If not, why would you include a scene with a completely naked and bloody Paulina of 8 years?
Another scene has a Paulina teenager caressed on a bus by the man sitting next to her.
In retaliation, she bites part of her finger.
This covers them both in a bucket of blood.
The bus passengers then consider the girl in their minds like everything, from saint to the sinner.
One, for example, sees her as an Aztec priestess holding a big heart that she had just cut into a body.
The dismal story was raped and beaten by Paulina.
She certainly had to endure a miserable life.
But that does not guarantee that a film on it will necessarily be good.
I felt trapped in the theater while looking at him.
Only an opportunity to speak with the filmmakers then made the film bearable.
Paulina works 1: 28.
The film is in Spanish with English subtitles.
It is not assessed but would be an R for violence and nudity and would be acceptable to older adolescents.