I give this stinking.
Normally, the worst that I would never note a film would be.
But the total loss of time that flamboyes stool is, aggravated by the fact that this film is incredibly offensive, helped me to come to the Big Goose Egg.
I don't know what Mel Brooks thought when he did this thing, or if he even thought at all.
Perhaps in Mel's little spirit, a horse is unconscious because of a punch in the face is funny.
In mine, this is not the case.
Or maybe Mel graduated from the Spike Lee School of Filmmaking.
Because only the self-justified Lee uses the word n more often in its films than Brooks in it.
At least Lee has intelligence to realize that no one will find this term fun.
Brooks Bandie as if he thought the public will ride in the aisles whenever they hear it.
Bad Mel!
I would call you a Mel breast, but which insults the breasts everywhere.
This silly attempt at a comedy focuses on the attempts of the bad lieutenant-governor (Harvey Korman) to eliminate a city so that he can buy the cheap land and sell it to the railway.
He sends his henchmen to take out the city dwellers.
But the city calls on the governor (Mel Brooks in one of the many roles without inspiration and funny) to send them a new sheriff to protect them.
The Governor pledges the task of the character of Korman Hedley Lamarr.
 (I can say that you stop your chairs right now just thinking about all the humor of this name.)
Lamarr decides to send the city a black sheriff (panting) in the hope that the city will be so disgusted by the perspective of a black man living among them that they all leave.
Wait, I have to stop while these gusts go by.
It's just too funny.
Racism passes as humor - My God why has no one ever thought of that one before?
Oh wait, I think someone could have - they are called the KKK.
I do not call Brooks a racist - but I call him an insensitive bastard who could not know what was funny if it struck him over his head.
But I'm getting lost.
Anyway, black sheriff goes up in town in the middle of a wave of cities using the word n.
Golly, will hilarity never end?
He ends up joining forces with a drunk (Gene Wilder), which happens to be the fastest west's fastest pistol.
Together, they save the evil day.
No person in this film gives decent performance.
Wilder seems to recover from a head injury for most of the film, and Korman looks embarrassed to be part of the film.
Ok, he didn't really do it - but he should have.
The star of the Cleavon Little movies goes hand in hand with black jokes as if they were talking about the time of day.
I did not laugh once during this desolate experience.
I admit that I started to sneer a few times.
In fact, the end began to seem to have a promise, but alas, it ended up being as crazy as the rest of the film.
I can say with confidence that the flamboyant stools have no qualities of buyout.
Mel Brooks would be of service to the world if he burned each last copy of this film.