By Dusk Till Dawn (Director / Publisher: Robert Rodriguez; writers: Quentin Tarantino / Robert Kurtzman (Story); Cinematograph: Guillermo Navarro; Cast: Quentin Tarantino (Richie Gecko), George Clooney (Seth Gecko), Juliette Lewis (Kate Fuller), Harvey Keitel (Jacob Fuller), Ernest Liu (Scott Fuller), Salma Hayek (Santanico Pandemonium), Tom Savini (Sex Machine), Fred Williamson (Frost), Cheech Marin (Border Guard / Chet Pussy / Carlos), Michael Parks (Texas Ranger), Brenda Hillhouse (hostage Gloria);
examined by Dennis Schwartz
It is a film of love or hate.
I just hated that.
On its menu for fun, a violent party served as a charm and made in a language and played.
It is a stuffing of killers / horror in series of action constantly and Sleaze, involving decapitations, vampires, biker fights, an extended cannon game and a range of gore that must be considered raw.
A film that delights in his vulgarity and his blood camp and gore, while he is doing everything possible to silence the cliché of conventional B films.
It is designed only for the crowd of cult films and will make its mark there in one direction or the other.
The intrigue implies two psychopathic brothers, the older bank thief and killer Seth Gecko (Clooney) and the killer of Psychopath Pervert, Richie (Tarantino), who kills for fun and is also a rapist.
They escape prison and start killing in Wichita, then run away to a store of alcohols in a small border town in Texas.
They just stealed a bank and killed a certain number of cops, they also took a cashier from the middle bank in hostage.
In the alcohol store, they kill a Texas Ranger and the store clerk and burn the store.
Stop in a flop motel, Richie violates and hits the hostage.
These scenes are all made with an eye for comedy and parody, if possible.
In television information, he says that they have killed 16 so far and most are the Texas Rangers.
The brothers plan to go to Mexico and meet Carlos (Cheech), who will give them a place of sanctuary for thirty percent of their illegal taking.
With roadblocks and research on cars on the border, the brothers requisition a car from a family on vacation who stopped in their motel so that the father can sleep in a real bed.
There is the father, Jacob Fuller (Keitel), who has just resigned like a minister because he has lost faith since his wife died in a car accident; his 20 -year -old sexy daughter Kate (Lewis); and his shy brother Scott (Liu).
He is not explained how he happens to be Chinese.
The story becomes really bizarre when they cross the border and prepare to meet Carlos in a bar / fucking truckers and bikers called The Titty Twister.
The place is open from dawn to twilight, so the title of the film.
Here is where Rodriguez has a chance to throw the convention by the window and have absurd fun, because the place turns out to be a vampire meeting place.
He sells sex to his customers and has the exotic stripper Santanico Pandemonium (Hayek) makes his band attached before turning into vampire.
The brothers and their hostages must make their way out of the place, while the vampires continue to come and the killings become the basic food of the film.
This supposedly intelligent script only died out, although there were some fun moments in a film that dripped special effects and spent most of its script to find new ways to presentHis murders.
I'm going to take a pass on this one, it's just not my film style.
The characters were as empty as the story, and the film was easy to forget.