Starting with the small mermaid and more recently the Lion King, the Walt Disney Company once again proven that they could not only regularly manufacture modern animated classics, but were particularly in contact with what the general vision of the public -Especially children - wanted.
Therefore, it is with a certain surprise that as a big fan of the films mentioned above, I was so disappointed with Pocahontas.
Despite a certain innovation and risk -taking, the story is surprisingly simple and dramatized in large cerebral vascular accidents, just like its characters.
An English group led by the evil governor Ratcliffe comes in the new world in search of gold without regard for the "savages" who live there.
The natives look at the English with so much fear and mistrust.
Only love between beautifully structured pocahontas and the dashing captain John Smith can prevent a terrible confrontation.
The end, in the end, is not entirely happy and is one of the finest moments in the film.
The characters are mixtures of stereotypes and lack real depth.
Governor Ratcliffe, for example, is a snob and resolved whose simple appearance is supposed to cause whistles.
Captain John Smith is a blond piece which, although "slightly" erroneous, is good in the soul.
Pocahontas herself is the typical Disney heroine who is practically forced to marry a man who, but she loves and finds the man of her dreams just in time.
She is even complete with an insignificant best friend.
Again, against tradition, the spoke animals are not used, but a vigorous, deflected and speaking tree is.
It is a strange compromise, but it is one of the few elements that really work.
Animals are a delight, and what brief their interactions have brought the only humor and the pleasure to a rather bland presentation.
Maybe it would have been a better film if we saw the story unfolding through their eyes.
The tree that speaks, which seems to have something for John Smith, is the only other character who can suspend our interest and is perhaps the most developed in the group.
Music, a welcome pleasure in the latest Disney films, is mainly an abandonment here, with the exception of the "colors of the wind" catchy and motivating.
Mel Gibson, as a voice of John Smith, has a solid singing voice and should have been used more.
The opposite is true for the songs led by Governor Ratcliffe; the song is even more creaky than its simplistic character.
I was rather bored by what turned out to be a shorter operating time than expected.
Even public children seemed agitated.
Although there is not to prevent a child from seeing something they want - or Disney wants them to be - I think I think will be disappointed.
Perhaps the biggest problem is that Disney has moved away from their fable and fairy tale themes in history.
It is good to change or embellish fantasy to adapt to the entertainment value of a film, but that with historical facts does not work as well as the creation of groveling questions in the mind of the spectator and the holesof the intrigue that is never filled.
Even the work of art, another strong point of Disney, varies considerably in quality, which makes history problems even more obvious.
As mentioned above, there were many questions that remained with me while watching the film.
For example, if John Smith was really such a world traveler and had so much experience with the "savages", why he changed his previous one "kill as many Indians so quickly as I can".
If he was such a nice guy after all, he should have changed his tracks well before that.
Or how about the incredible English-speaking capacity of Pocahontas when it would have been the first time that she had seen white men?
I can understand that the Amerindians speak English in favor of the public, but simply to say that they had met a missionary for years earlier would have disappeared a lot; the story has been modified in the film anyway.
as This is, I wonder if it does not give children a bad impression.
In short, the film is too simplistic for adults and contains too much romance and not enough action or humor for the younger whole.
While Disney has valiantly tried in many ways to break with some of their firmer traditions, they end up failing at too many levels.