This is a film that I was inclined to love at the beginning: the two main characters had been involved in the Fine St. St. television drama
Elsewhere for several years, and I understood that the director / screenwriter had also written for the show on occasion.
I am sorry to point out that the results were not up to my expectations, and they were not satisfactory.
If I had to list a reason ....
But it would stand up on myself; moreover, it is not immediately clear, because there are so many problems with the film.
Adam Arkin embodies a school teacher who is sardonic, cynical and somewhat abrasive, but a good teacher.
He spends his lunches playing basketball alone on a neighboring field.
One day, he meets a drifter (David Morse, who plays Jack Morrison in St.
Elsewhere) in the park, and encourages it in an individual basketball game.
Morse turns out to be good, and a friendship is slowly developing between the two, as their respective professions are progressing on the screen - Arkin's teaching and the sale of paper flowers by motorists who pass.
So far, my major complaint would be the lack of dialogue and the constant intrusion of the musical soundtrack.
Good music is sure, but it does not replace the dialogue to set up the atmosphere or tell the story - it makes the film a little minimalist, a technique that I rarely admire.
Suddenly, their friendship is interrupted by the introduction of Morse to a colleague professor of Arkin, a woman whom Arkin has long admired from afar, but she is too reluctant to approach.
It seems that she is starting to admire Morse (who likes to attentions here, but does not know what to do on this subject - she does not realize that he is a derirator and knows nothing of her past), and that causesA friction between the friction betweenarkin and almost everyone.
Until then, I had only one vague dissatisfaction with the film.
The conclusion is where it begins to evolve into a full -fledged failure.
The woman, at least for me, seemed to be very much deep; I did not know how much her final scene with Arkin did not realize that she reveals that she tried to make Arkin jealous by her attentions to Morse.
In one way or another, this is done to appear as if it was Arkin's fault, and he lets himself be victorious in a way that he obtained such a girlfriend's find.
Frankly, dropping it on the spot would seem to have the most civilized action that Arkin could do; hitting her in the mouth not at least at all.
After that, the childhood confrontation between Morse and Arkin at the end seems almost natural.
If I had to summarize a major reproach, it is because it is a too thin story, which creates semi-book characters at the beginning, then stands them suddenly by being 16 years old at the last moment.
It could be true for some people; but it does not mean that * I should love it.
I do not .
 .
avoid .