Synopsis: The president of a company wants to test his self -proclaimed successor, who is psychotic, and thinks that it is an excellent idea to spend a week with him and their women in an isolated cabin a hundred kilometers from civilization without transport or mediumReliable transportation after a strong drop in snow.
Comments: The tracks of a killer had some strikes against her before even starting to look at him.
The strike was the fact that someone had scribbled the word garbage on the sticker of the black marker video band (not generally a good sign when you rent a film).
Strike Two came while the overviews were playing.
Have you ever obtained a permonition premonition on the quality of a film (or its absence) while watching the trailers that have it before?
Well, the cheesy films announced before the pieces of a killer were films that no one has ever heard of people that nobody knows, and they all looked bad (certainly not a good sign).
The tracks of a killer herself finished withdrawal.
About the only positive thing that this film had for him was the fact that he has beautiful landscapes.
To be fair, the first half hour promises at least an observable thriller.
Wolf Larson, who has more than a temporary resemblance to Hugh Grant, adequately plays the underling is obviously set up as the film's title killer.
James Brolin and Kelly Lebrock seem just as adequate as the loving couple Larson will threaten later.
The character of Brolin, for an inexplicable reason, thinks that it is an excellent idea of spending time in a cabin, practically isolated, with Lebrock and Larson, that he decided to test the week before giving him total controlof his business.
As the characters arrive at the cabin, this film begins to become tedious.
Apparently, the Broline successor test is to cut wood for the fireplace and skiing, which do not seem to be necessary attributes to manage a business in the city.
But, again, what do I know about business?
I think, however, that they should have invest in better furniture for the cabin; her beds and closets are used to simply breaking at the slightest contact.
The character of Larson accidentally kills his own wife rather than the couple he wants to kill.
This leaves the film with an hour and only three characters, which is really not enough to support it.
The film writer must have registered by Stephen King, because the scenes of Tracks of a Killer seem to come out of the misery and the game of Gerald.
Larson and Lebrock fight and torture (the tables are turned a few times) while Brolin tramps in the snow in search of help.
An old man is also there, just so that the killer can add to his number of bodies without killing the couple, everyone knows will be alive at the end of the film.
The old man, however, miraculously survives his first death and later seems to be killed by the killer in a scene so ridiculous that she is worthy of a little laugh or two.
Apart from this laughter, unfortunately, the tracks of a killer will bother you as the obvious intrigue is stretched on ad infinitum and that the actors, for any reason, become more and more unpleasant.
If you are in a video store and plan to rent this turkey, don't.
Make pieces of a much higher suspense film, such as misery.