From time to time, criticisms are faced with films that are difficult to review.
Most of the time, this happens with films that leave such an overwhelming, good or bad impact, that at the end, criticism must work hard to express your thoughts or feelings.
But, sometimes it can happen for rather trivial reasons.
I love the troubles that were one of those occasions for the author of this review.
The impression left by the film was not overwhelming - on the contrary, there was practically no impression, because I had real difficulty in keeping me awake while looking at him.
What surprises me to this day, because the cinema was full, I was close to the speakers, the show was not late and I was not lacking sleep before the show.
Such things rarely happen to me and, after many years, the thing closest to the solution of this mystery is probably the quality of the film itself.
The intrigue revolves around two rival journalists from Chicago - Old Peter Brackett (Nick Nolte) and Young, in grass Sabrina Peterson (Julia Roberts).
Two of them are affected to cover the collision of the train.
As soon as they meet, they start to pick up, but during the process, they both discover a sinister plot involving cancer milk, as well as the romantic feelings they have for each other.
The intrigue of this film is rather secondary to its true reason for being - romantic association recalling classic comedies with Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn.
The author of cinema, director and screenwriter Charles Shyer, who had experiences with the transformation of the spirit of vis -à -vis into a modern setting with the father of the bride, tries again, this time by associating old Nick NolteWith the young Julia Roberts.
However, although there is a certain chemistry between the two, it soon stops to arouse any interest.
This is probably happening due to a mixedly executed mixture of genre, which collides a light romantic comedy with a rather uninteresting plot adapted to the thrillers of pure action.
Timer as a director fails to make the appropriate transition between the two and fails in the two areas, which makes history shot and predictable.
The end result is a rather forgettable effort, which convinced me that I no longer watch the film.
I will give him the benefit of the doubt, however.