> From the writer and director Darren Stein comes Jawbreaker, the bad story of what can happen when an innocent birthday stuff is wrong.
In Reagan High, four girls are sitting at the top of the world.
Courtney Shane, played by Rose McGowan, holds the most nasty and most disrespectful soul in school.
Everyone hates it, but everyone is lavine because of its popularity.
Courtney is the "leader" of her clique, which also includes Julie, played by Rebecca Gayheart, Liz Purr, played by Charlotte Roldan and Marcie, played by Julie Benz are the other three in the group.
It is Liz's seventeenth anniversary, and Julie, Courtney and Marcie agree that they will play an apparently innocent stuffing on her, but the farce leads to the death of Liz.
Like stupid teenagers in any film made by adolescents like this, the quartet decides to cover death to make a murder committed by someone else looks.
And also as in other films led by adolescents, one of the four does not agree to hide it, this time this character being Julie.
And finally, just like in other films for adolescents, there is a witness outside the group trying to hide the truth.
This time, this character being Mayo Fern (Judy Greer), who is subject to many cracks in the Courtney group, as well as from the whole school.
> From there, Jawbreaker turns into a predictable story of revenge, bad morality and at least trying to do the right thing.
Not only is the script low, as a whole, the game is horrible thanks to a large part of the main distribution.
Judy Greer is undeniably horrible as a unidimensional and boring character, while she monitors all the lines she has.
Julie Benz, Julie Benz, falls almost on the boring factor that Greer offers.
On the positive side of the theater, Rose McGowan works well here, but does not correspond to her badly intelligent performance as "Tatum", in 1996 Scream.
The role of McGowan is boring, but it only adds to the film.
She is nasty, and even if she is a well written character, you hate her squarely.
Rebecca Gayheart is always better than McGowan, who is always exceptionally credible like his roles.
When the script nourishes him one or two dimensional characters, it transforms three, always putting a strong emotion and power in its roles.
Gayheart is not as much to do here as it was in the urban legend of 1998, but you can still have a good taste for her skills as an actress in Jawbreaker.
Jawbreaker drifts and different mianders subcontracted everywhere, barely throwing anything so that the spectator is absorbed.
We are moving away from the subject of the Jawbreaker incident and we are entering things that have nothing to do with the real film.
The beginning and the end are strong, it's just the environment that needs a lot of help.
During the body of the film, it is undeniably repetitive, never progressing towards a conclusion.
Nothing to arouse the spectator's interest is around, and the same extremely boring song plays again and again.
Jawbreaker is trying to descend at the same time of the humor used in the 1995 clueless film, but falls flat.
The few gags that actually work die quickly and die with a blow.
Overall, a horrible disappointment.
The essential: the slogan reads as follows: "Even the sweetest candies are bitter like death inside."
Yes, it's too true.
No matter how beautiful this film could be, it cannot deliver.