Remember in the mid-1990s when films on crime and macabre were all the rage?
 "Pulp Fiction" and "Fargo" both managed to obtain Oscar nominations for the best film, and not surprisingly, a slew of tears followed in the years afterwards.
This fashion seems to be finished, but here is Christopher McQuarrie writing and leading "the way of the weapon" which, at first glance, resembles another of these desires, but a more in -depth inspection is like nothing understandable.
It is a story of crime so much wrapped in his own little world, he has a claustrophobic atmosphere - a film that will not allow the story to develop outside its handful of characters and always manages to transform a simple premise intoSomething so complexed.
Complexity should not be a surprise for anyone who knows Mcquarrie, he wrote "the usual suspects", who has become a favorite of worship despite little renown.
This film had a great story and was well made, but had such an elaborate and confusing script, many viewers scratch their heads after repeated views.
You should ask yourself if McQuarrie had really traced everything or if it was for the Hollywood idea that "if it's really confusing and on criminals and cops, it makes him fascinating."
With "The Way of the Gun", Mcquarrie seems to capitalize on the same idea, but this time, the story is much less commercial - a shame because it might have helped.
The film tells the story of two without ambition and barely a reason to live but is not determined to death either (played by Ryan Phillipie and Benecio del Toro).
They are lucky when they hear about a plan between a large executive and his wife trophy that will have a baby through fertilization in vitro.
They think they can kile the substitution mother (played by Juliette Lewis) and get a beautiful ransom.
Along the way, we are continuously learning the shady transactions between the executive, his wife, their henchmen engaged and the "bag man" (played by James Caan - the only actor of the film who seems to know what he is doing).
The executive is a kind of money laundering, so he cannot obviously call the authorities for help.
His henchmen and the man of the bag are on the path of the kidnappers and make each of the different offers to recover the mother.
The director's son is a doctor who is also fired in the fray and wants to make sure that his patient is fine.
Meanwhile, each of these characters has something hidden in their collective sleeves and double crosses, secret loves and scorching pasts are not surprising, even if few things have relevance at all.
McQuarrie does not know the meaning of the simple word.
It seems to be more interested in showing us how intelligent it is than making a good film.
Everything must be complicated and confusing, so much so that it is to the point of surrealism.
Nothing is what it seems in this reality, it is one of those films where you are deposited directly in the middle of the criminal world and should know most of the rules and regulations of the industry.
Each scene with the character of Caan illustrates it perfectly - the kidnappers already know who he is and even chat with him, putting himself in conversations on "the business" and how it works and we are barely given a clue to thisof which they speak.
These characters are probably supposed to be large criminal sketches, but they are more like ideas torn off from the sketches found in the trash of David Mamet.
No one here really acts as a real person, and the story is even further from reality.
It's like a dream without any call.
Take the opening scene for example; the characters of Phillipe and Del Toro are in a parking lot in front of a bar or a club with their money and all that.
They are sitting on a whole new Mercedes and the car alarm is triggered, the owner waits online and shouts to move away from H is a car but they don't move.
The guy and her girlfriend with a noisy mouth, a girlfriend and twenty other people cross the street and come together on them.
You might think that Phillipe? What are Del Toro? I'm going to remove pistols and scare them, but they don't do it, instead, Phillipe is punching and the two are beaten by a crowd.
There are a lot of things that I did not understand on this scene: first of all the owner of the Mercedes is not a yuppie or an old rich snob, he is like a hippie straight from the 60s.
Second, the two main characters seem to believe that they can really take the crowd without arms.
Finally, it is useless in the long term because later in the film, the two wrapped more artillery than the army of a small country.
If they were suicidal, they would not have done the work of kidnapping in the first place (and where they obtain all these weapons are never explained either).
There is much more than I could separate this film, but it would be a futility exercise.
What everything comes down is that nothing here is what it seems - what would be great if this film spoke almost any other story than what it is.
Absolutely none of the characters is sympathetic or credible.
And everything is coated with a thin layer of black comedy which is good for a little laugh here and there, but this film is certainly not a black comedy flat and its use of such seems to be a desperate attempt to kill timescreen.
With any movie you see, whether you like it or not, you can at least understand what the attraction was, why someone would like to do it and why someone would like to see it.
I cannot say either for "the path of the pistol", because he has very little to do and I cannot imagine anyone to defend him intelligently.