"Mandingo" has traditionally been considered one of the two things: either an essential revisionist look at slavery in the south, or in the words of the film critic Leonard Maltin, "a potboiler trash" which "only appeals'at the crowd S&M. "
In fact, I think that "Mandingo" is a strange combination of the two, although it fails on both fronts.
It's too trash to be a good drama, but too dramatic to be good garbage.
The story takes place in a dilapidated plantation by Louisiana led by Crotchety Old Warren Maxwell (James Mason) and his son, Hammond (Perry King).
One day in New Orleans, Hammond falls on a slave merchant selling a Mandingo named Mede (Ken Norton heavyweight boxer).
Although the film never explains it, a mandingo is simply the name of the Africans who come from the region of the Upper Niger River Valley.
According to the film, Mandingos was the Rolls Royce of African slaves.
Hammond pays the highest price for Mede and must fight others to obtain it.
Hammond then spends his time training in Mede to be a money fighter fights with other slaves.
Meanwhile, Hammond married her cousin, Blanche (Susan George) because she wants to escape her family and he is under pressure from her father to produce a little child.
Hammond, however, is happier past nights with its "wench-wench", the derogatory name given to the female slaves used by their masters for easy sexual relations.
It is quickly obvious that Hammond, despite his manifest racism, is more in love with his bed wife, a sensitive slave called Ellen (Brenda Sykes), than he with Blanche.
Hammond considers that Blanche Tained Goods because he discovered their bride on the evening that another man had "pleaded" him before him.
Of course, it was good that he slept with many slaves, but the fact that his wife, a "white woman", had been with another man out of marriage destroys her ability to take care of her.
So Blanche is usually left solitary and hungry for sex while Hammond sleeps with Ellen.
Blanche returns to Hammond by seducing the nailing and carrying her child.
Hammond and his father cannot bear the idea that Blanche gave birth to a half black child (although it is normal that she is pregnant with hammond), then Warren kills the child, letting him bleed to deathAfter birth, and Hammond White Poisons.
Hammond then finds Mede, shoots him twice in the shoulder and pushes him into a giant cauldron of boiling water.
Yes, you read correctly: the film ends with Hammond takes revenge by boiling alive Mede.
Judging only by the plot, "Mandingo" is pure sexploitation.
The main objective of the film seems to be to obtain as many blacks and whites together as possible, with only the slightest comment on what it would mean in the South Society of the 19th century.
When "Mandingo" was released in 1975, it was still a bit of a shock to see cross -screening on the screen in such a detail; in this way, the film could revise cinematic history while attracting a wide audience of curious voyeurs.
Dramaticly, "Mandingo" is weak and vague, and historically, it is above all confused.
If we had to judge the story by this film, it would be easy to leave with the idea that the entire system of American slavery was based on sexuality, not on the economy.
Not once in the film, we see none of the slaves working, with the exception of a few house servants.
The men spend most of the time sitting, while the only goal of a female slave seems to be a free sex for the owner.
There is a historical base in the idea that slaves owners often slept with their female slaves, but "mandingo" to "put the overwhelming accent on this aspect of slavery gives the film the unpleasant taste of aCheap sexual film (although there is a lot of violence - fights, vicious coup, shots and aforementioned human boiling sequence - thrown to make good measure).
Some have tried to raft "Mandingo "As a Blaxploitation film, one of the many low -budget films quickly made attractive to black sensitivities in the early 1970s, but it is not so simple.
 "Mandingo" was financed in the studio by Paramount Pictures, and produced by Dino de Laurentiis, the Italian producer grandiose behind notorious productions such as "The Bible" (1966), the remake of "King Kong" (1976), and the Malfated"Dune" (1984).
The director was Richard Fleischer, a veteran who was best known for several action films loaded with special effects, including "20,000 leagues under the sea" (1954) and "Fantastic Voyage" (1966), as well as filmsSuperior suspense such as "narrow margin" (1952).
The script, based on the best-seller of the supermarket by Ken Ostott (and the next play by Jack Kirkland), was written by Norman Wexler, who had been nominated for an Oscar two years earlier for his work on "Serpico".
James Mason, Perry King and Susan George were well -known and respected actors (Mason already had three Oscar nominations to his credit), and Ken Norton seemed to have a promising film career.
So why is "Mandingo" so bad?
A certain number of reasons, including the fact that all these experienced filmmakers behind and in front of the camera have done a ugly job.
Wexler's script is a pure poor Hokum bordering the offensive; it combines a talk of stereotypical slaves ("Yessuh, Massuh"), stereotypé du Southern White Trash Talk ("War Whut're You Gittin 'Outta Bed?"), And stereotypical the contemporary militant black speech ("If you see me hanging, you will hang yourself, you will hang yourself, you will hang yourself, you will hang yourself, you will hang that you have killed a black brother!").
Fleischer's management is awkward, especially during combat scenes, and all actors give weak performance, in particular Susan George whose constant crisis finally becomes laughable.
Nevertheless, a credit must be granted where the credit is due.
Despite its exploiting nature, "Mandingo" was one of the first Hollywood films to throw an alternative overview of slavery.
Until then, there had been a kind of underlying racism in all Hollywood films dealing with slavery.
Even classics such as "Gone With The Wind" (1939) can be considered intrinsically racist by its shine on the subject.
 "Mandingo" reassessed the South and showed that it was not all the beautiful plantations, the green fields and the pretty sunsets.
But all this is constantly undermined by the negligible point of view of the film - he claims to see things from the point of view of the black, but the whole story is the emphasis on the storytelling of the white owners.
With a little more maturity and a different manipulation, "Mandingo" could have been an effective and interesting film.
Although he depicts many sensitive aspects of slavery, he never treats them.
The problems that the film raises are worth it, but the Wexler script refuses to move them beyond a level of vision surface of the vicarial trash.
There is a lot of potential to honestly explore the nature of a sexual relationship between the slave and the owner, but "mandingo" never does.
Steven Spielberg addressed this same subject in "Schindler's List" (1993), looking at a Nazi officer twisted in interior disorders because of his feelings for a Jewish maid.
The difference between this film and "Mandingo" is that Spielberg treated the situation in a fair and unexploited way which has focused on the inherent human dilemma.
 "Mandingo" is satisfied to simply show a certain skin, and because of this, its nature "Pashy Potboiler" eclipses all social good potential that it could have accomplished.