So I went to see this film properly, his name was "Battlefield: Earth", I have never been interested in the glimpses, and never too interested in the book, and I can't find the SCITTOLOGUE interesting, but after havingRead the advanced criticism of the way Badce film is really, I had this strange desire just to watch it.
Well, let me be the first to say, and so far in my opinion, it is sure to say: Battlefield: the earth could be the worst film that I have ever seen, yes even worse than "Mr.Magoo "," Blue in the Face ", or" Jaws: The Revenge ".
Roger Christianson Whos Credits includes the defined direction and the artistic direction for such large films such as "Alien" and "Star Wars", makes this film with such an amatitis, that the film looks like and feel so stupid, thatHe is quite depressing.
The look of the film is sometimes dark and Draby, but brilliant and happy at other times.
The sound is terrible and has the worst surround sound effects that I heard.
The game is nothing, poor dialogue, and makeup makes hideous effects.
Here is the so-called intrigue: Earth 3000 .... Man is an endangered species, while the extraterrestrials of the Psychlo planet (the extraterrestrials are named psychlo ... I am
Ask yourself why?!) Invade the earth, intended to end these "animals" in 1999, "The Green Mile") which is intended to go out and save its planet!
One thing: he must face, Terl, the head of security psychlo, who is played frankly, quite bad by John Travolta, who with the dreadlocks, a big head and the green eyes simply do not work.
Of course, Terl's companion is played by (lol !!)
Forest Whitaker, which looks like a distorted wolf.
Our friend Johnny (Barry Pepper) is also as bad, with long scraggly hair.
I don't really know how to explain the wickedness of this film, except to say that it is terrible.
Everything in this film is impregnable, makeup effects, which are not good, with special bogus effects, everything in this film is fault.
In fact, I don't remember part of all this film where I had a good time or that I have fun.
In fact, there is no play in the film that I liked or appreciated.
Throughout the 127-minute racing time, I was dying, I was constantly looking at my watch, and perhaps hoping that the projector would blow a bulb or something, unfortunately, this was not the case.
My advice in Hollywood: Get new scripts, new acting lessons, better directors and damnit, make more films like American Beauty.