For about ten years, Super Cool Chow Yun Fat appreciated the status of God Hood in the action scene of Hong Kong.
Now he followed the traces of director John Woo, (who launched the super celebrity of Chow in the famous "A Better Tomorrow") by moving to Hollywood.
I had reservations about this decision and it seems that I was right to have them.
Chow plays a hitman who jobs to repay a debt.
His latest job forces him to kill a seven -year -old boy from a police officer.
He refuses to do this and short.
However, he is forced to a violent confrontation when his family is threatened and the replacement killers are brought to do the work.
Cue about 80 minutes of various and frankly tedious shooting which take place in various places.
Some thought that making them a little different, but unfortunately, they end up being simply boring.
The car washing scene, I found myself laughing at its stupidity.
TUT TUT.
The emphasis during the constant action seemed to be on accompaniment music (I could have sweared a piece was torn from a Bruckheimer's film) and not from the content.
Mia Sorvino (a forger passport) is trained in the case and also offers a lame interest and is rather practical with a firearm.
Director Antoine Arqua clearly did not observe the excellent capabilities of chow actor and simply forces him to mumble a few broken English lines and to look at Flash in position and shoot.
Chow’s Chow’s shooting brand is saved for the final (which is quite good) and there is not even a toothpick on the site.
And as far as Fais Chow Shoot is concerned like a cop, well that is unforgivable damned.
To bring together, the replacement killers are a first gearbox outlet for chow.
It seems that he left Asia for a 90 -minute pop video.
This is not at all what we wanted at all, since John Woo was the executive producer.
 (Didn't he say at all?)
Look again "The Killer" and cry unlike.
Review by Chris Hill.
 "There is room at the top, they still tell you, but you must first learn to smile by killing, if you want to be like people on the hill."