"Mercury rising" has many flaws, but there is one that really stands out: its central apparatus is useless.
that's right .
The main aspect of the film, which is supposed to make it different from other conspiracy / action films of the routine government could be abandoned from the start, and the film turns out to be exactly the same, if not better.
This central device is the fact that a nine -year -old boy is autistic.
His name is Simon, and a bureaucrat of the evil government named Nicholas Kudrow (Alec Baldwin) wants him to dead because he unconsciously fell a supersecret government code has slipped to the back of a puzzle magazine byHis programmers to see if someone could beat him.
Simon is intended to be the heart and soul of the film, and we are supposed to feel for him because he is a poor handicapped child thrown into a violent and unfair world against his will, with only an agent of the FBI Renegat played byBruce Willis to Protege it.
The fact that it is autistic does nothing for the emotional intensity or the necessities of the intrigue of "the Mercury which rises".
I suppose that the original novel on which the film was based did much more with this aspect of Simon's character and his relationship with Willis, but here he is lost.
Miko Hughes, the young actor who plays Simon, goes through the prescribed movements to be autistic: he walks slowly, traces his words, kicks and cries when he is touched and has trouble looking at other people.
It is a difficult role for an adult, even less a young child, to play and, unfortunately, Hughes never convinces us that he does not play as if he were autistic.
Unlike the performance of Dustin Hoffman in "Rain Man" or Leonardo DiCaprio is in "What's to eat Gilbert Grape", we are still painfully aware that Hughes acts.
However, unlike "Rain Man" which used the autism of his character in unique and interesting means to build a credible and touching story, "Mercury Rising" could obtain his generic and predictable intrigue with Simon being simply a childReally intelligent but really shy.
Hell, he doesn't even have to be shy.
In fact, the film could have been more interesting if it had had a more active role, rather than being simply transported under Willis' arm.
The character of Willis, Art Jeffries, is an agent of the Disillusioned FBI who has been removed from the infiltration work and who is now making subordinate tasks like listening to telephone listening with recruits that are happy to do anything.
He gets involved with Simon when he is called to discover a murder scene at Simon, where his father apparently pulled on his mother in the back and then committed suicide.
Of course, we know that this is not the way it happens because we have seen a wired killer of the square and square government with a medium crew cut eliminate parents.
Simon was able to escape and Jeffries finds him hiding in a secret compartment in a closet, which the rest of the Chicago police service had neglected.
Jeffries - who is accused by several characters at different times of being paranoid although his actions never suggest it - knows that there is something more, and he is doing his personal mission to go againstEveryone and everyone to protect Simon.
It's a whole task because this same hitman who eliminated Simon's parents everywhere, tries to kill Simon in the hospital, on the highway and all the other places where he is going.
Late in the film, Jeffries is forced to ask for the help of a pretty young woman named Stacey (Kim Dickens) whom he meets in a cafe.
Of all the aspects that are difficult to believe in the film, it's the worst.
I can believe in the decency of the human heart, but the character of Stacey is far too accommodating.
Not only does she agree to watch Simon while Jeffries fled to resolve the mystery, but she lets him enter her apartment at two in the morning when she knows that the police are after him, then lets him leave Simon In her apartment, which means that she must give up a business trip which is desperately necessary to pay the rent.
The crushing cries of the rusty route machine are almost authoritarian at this stage.
The film may have been bought by good action sequences, but even here "Mercury Rising" does not come to the challenge.
The film was directed by Harold Becker, who made good suspense films including "Sea of Love" (1989) and "Malice" (1993), but his talent is nowhere in this last excursion.
There is a fight on a tram between Jeffries and another hitman (played by Peter Stormare) who is so directed, drawn and edited, that I had no idea 1) exactly where they were on the tram, 2)who struck who, and 3) where this hitman comes from and how he knew where Jeffries and Simon were.
The grand finale takes place on the roof of a large building and has a heartbreaking scene (yawn) where Simon walks along the edge of the building, not because he must do, but because he is moresuspended this way.
Taken as a whole, "Mercury Rising" is a lukewarm and confused film that lacks style, spirit and all traces of a sense of humor.
Usually, Willis brings his personal brand of discreet humor to his roles, but here he is too straight and serious.
This is because the film wants to be an action film and a sincere drama at the same time, but it ends up failing on the two fronts.
Perhaps the book was better, but the way it is manipulated here is a perfect case study in the cinema of guaranteed formula to disturb.