I have a confession.
Even if I am a drug addict, I saw the eye of the spectator and yet I still watch films - I have never seen any of the original Godzillas.
 (Note that Godzilla 2000 is not a series of the U. S. Godzilla released in 1998; this is the American release of an 1999 Godzilla film called Gojira Ni-Sen Mireniamu.)
So, part of me was excited while I went to the local multiplex to see Godzilla 2000 - the last entry of a franchise of almost 50 years.
It was a long -awaited treat.
I expected at a good time clumsy, with bad dubbing, sets of scientific levels and a ridiculous intrigue.
The last thing I expected was that the film was like this?
I can only imagine what the theater full of children I saw with the felt.
You get all the "so bad" traits so normally associated with the franchise.
But you have to sit down through a snoozer plot that has a stroke of Rorschach.
It was a matter that I was not willing to accept.
The script of Hiroshi Kashiwabara and Waturu Mimura strikes too many details and, in many cases, fails to follow them.
The maneuver is not only disconcerting, but gives the film a permanent and heavy atmosphere.
Godzilla begins to destroy the power plants, then stops.
Was it a whim?
A daring political declaration?
I don't know .
His enemy, an old meteor that looks like the prudential logo, is not content to fight the beast of the Far East.
No, he must have vital powers, a conspiracy to erase "data" from Japan, a desire to clone and the ability to become a spacecraft, then a kind of tried space creature.
There is a battle between the head of the prediction unit of Godzilla (Takehiro Murata) and a sticky official (Hiroshi Abe) on the handling of Godzilla and personal questions.
And then there is the courageous press photographer and blah, blah, bla.
It's like watching Magnolia again, except without good writing, passionate sociological insight and the songs of Aimee Mann.
such a waste .
When the discussion points and the points of the plot stop getting started, Godzilla 2000 does the job - it is entertaining and falls easily.
The action scenes are cheesy in their greatness although little slow.
The dubbing is pleasant and horrible, with Murata which rings as if it has constantly the need for a drop in cough.
As for the dialogue, a line sums up the clumsiness factor: "Did anyone saw that Flying Rock would pass?"
This film also scored the first time since the three stooges that I heard the word "fool" used in an occasional conversation.
Although the summer film season dries up and Godzilla 2000 has its moments, I would not take the children to see it.
They will probably end up asking more questions than Charlie Rose.