Alexandre Dumas meets the action of Hong Kong with the newcomer Justin Chambers taking up the character often played by Swordsman d'Artagnon, the director Peter Hyam, "The Musketeer".
For any reason, I could understand later, I do not know why time, money and efforts were put in the creation of "The Musketeer".
Someone may have had the intelligent idea of combining the characters and the story of the Dumas with the current amoral with the work of action of Hong Kong imports as Xin-Xiong of this film ("OnceUpon a Time in China ") and Yuen Wo-Pingde" Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon ".
The result is a mixture of genres that does not get well.
Elements of the Ritz Brothers style comedy (for those who remember this comic troop of the "The Three Musketeers" of 1939), the nameless man of "A Fistful of Dollars" (D'Artagnan demands that the bad S 'Excuse to apologize to apologize to the excuse with the excuse with the excuse for the horse in a direct referee of the Clint Eastwood Spaghetti Western) and the action choreography of Hong Kong are allUsed in the original script of Gene Quintano.
The result is an action film that hardly resembles its source material while it makes this material contemporary in order to grasp the "matrix" crowd.
Alexandre Dumas could well roll in his grave if he knows what was done to his work and to the classic characters.
The real problem with the "Musketeer" lies in the casting of the two main characters romantically intertwined, from Artagnan and Francesca (Mena Suvari).
Chambers has the beautiful childish appearance for the character, to Chris O'Donnell, but lack of charisma on the screen.
SUVARI has the doe eyes, pretty as the bedroom with the queen's ear, but she too does not have chemistry to order the screen.
If "The Musketeer" makes them money, they should invest in acting lessons.
Stronger artists may have helped to raise the bar on it.
The support distribution is, at first glance, impressive.
Catherine Denueve plays the Queen of France and lends her character an air of royalty, dignity and humor, especially when she plays the mentor of Artagnan, Planchet (Jean-Pierre Castaldi, who recalls Andre the giant in "ThePrincess Bride).
Stephen Rea looks good in the part of the accomplice usurper that Cardinal Richelieu, but he is given very little to help expand his character.
Tim Roth is the kind of villain that you like to hate as Cardinal's head chief, February.
It is so bad that he makes Simon Legeree look like a scout.
The rest of the players, in particular the three Aramis musketeers (Nick Moran, "Lock, Stock and two barrels of smoking"), Portthos (Steve Spires) and Athos (Jan Gregor Kremp), are the background whose role is toComing to the help of Artagnan if necessary.
Peter Hyam's does a double duty as a director and cinematography and can be too stretched to do both.
A stronger hand at the helm could have helped the mediocre performance of the tracks and better use its veterans.
Photography is a simple action rate that goes through all the appropriate action film movements - from Artagnan takes a tavern full of thugs and merit alone; he fights a gang of February on board on board D'An excessive coach to protect the queen (with the compulsory branches suspended on the road); he makes only one against an enemy for life, February, who murdered the people of D'Artagnan for years earlier.
These are all routine things.
The famous thread work developed by the Hong Kong Action Masters is used for artificial effect when players jumped, defying gravity, the walls up and horse on horseback.
It works in a science fiction film like "The Matrix" or in a classic fantasy like "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" but draws attention to "The Musketeer".
At one point, I could swear, I saw the cascade wire used.
It didn't make me a believer and I am very disappointed.
With an execution time of 106 minutes, it is long D were more like 80 and I give him a D.