In fact, I'm quite sure that the experience of having my flesh torn and mutilated by barbed wire would have been more positive than watching this film.
 The girl "Baywatch" Pamela Anderson Lee proves once and for all, she should keep her double D on the small screen.
At least there, you don't have to pay to see your neckline.
And for viewers who would only make money for this film in the hope of seeing Pam Naked Breasts, hates bursting your bubble, but there are no nude scenes in its own right in Barb Wire.
You wouldn't read this criticism at the moment if I knew that this fact has entered.
I cannot go back in time and reverse my error, but I can warn other adolescents excited there.
They tease us several times with scenes where you see it almost naked breasts, but if it is naked, it is so fast that you cannot even say with certainty if you see its Andersons or not.
A kind of hallucination of nipple.
Barb Wire has been adapted from a comic strip, interesting because Pamela is probably the only woman who looks like a comic strip in real life, even in a low leather to do office work (Bondage de Business clothes)and having unreal body proportions.
Yes, like the Mona Lisa, Pamela Anderson is an artificial beauty, probably in more than one.
It is a definitive beauty, however, and watching it is never an unpleasant experience.
One could just think that the woman who started her career as a playmate playboy would have no reservation to appear naked in the film, because it is obvious that she did not shoot a Sharon stone and did not tryto pay attention to people to her acting skills.
I mean, it shows more neckline here than the agreement of a jeweler.
The film takes place in 2017, "the worst year of my life," says Pam.
 ("The worst film of the year", I say.)
America crosses a second civil war and Pamela owns a nightclub in the only city of the country (Silicone Valley, I think).
It is also recruited as a premium hunter when the price is fair, pretending to be a stripper and later as a prostitute.
But don't call it "baby".
She hates that and reminds us of this fact too often.
Imagine, a woman who makes a trapezoid teasing in a bar while spraying a pipe on her being referred in such a sexist and degrading term.
A liberated woman like Pamela Anderson should not have to hear words like "baby" during a teasing of strip, especially since this film on the pig that speaks was such a success.
The plot (Ha-ha) revolves around a pair of contact lenses which allow their wearer to go through the retina scanners of the Congress Directorate.
According to one of the characters, they "more than meet the eye".
It reminds me of the cartoon "Transformers", and I wanted the film to somehow could be transformed into something decent, but it never happened.
No, the film continued on its way of lame action scenes with Pamela Van-Damme, Kickboxer with a big blow and its accomplices of resistance, its ex-little friend Axel (Tamuera Morrison) and Cora (Victoria Rowell).
Thank God, they did not name his Cora reef.
A bad character name is more than sufficient.
Pamela does not take sides originally, delivering a speech on her is only faithful to the money they pay to her, but she changes her mind once the bastards of the congress kill her blind brother, Jack NoseworthyGood jovi "always" video video.
I still do not know if Barb Wire is a step forward or descended for the nose of nose, but it is definitely worthy of nose (even if it is not worthy of sponge).
PAM is preparing to avenge his death by grabbing a brewing of semi-automatic weapons and attaching a belt of ammunition to his chest.
It's not Rambo ...
It's bimbo!
Mark my words, Barb Wire will be everywhere in the Cinemax network in a year.
He has all the elements of direct video outings presented on the bastard cousin of HBO, the wired chain that I nev Uh look if it was not somehow free.
He has the non -titulating scenes of voyeurism, laughable flashbacks, bad dialogues and action clichés on the Wazzoo.
There is even a narrator at the start of setting up the premise of the film while the words scroll through the screen.
Someone needs to tell Pamela the Wookie it's not Star Wars.
If you've seen an action film from the past fifteen years, you will recognize many raised elements.
Barb Wire has the mandatory trucks that turn around, car accidents, explosions, broken glass and idling plans falling to hundreds of feet to death.
This is one of these automatic drivers films that you could write or make.
Barb Wire has only two things that happen ...
And I think you know what these two things are.