It's incredible to see how an actor can have some of the funniest stand-ups but fall completely flat in the movies.
Take Adam Sandler.
Based on his first two CDs ("They will all laugh at you!"
And "What happened to me?"),
He is the best thing to hit comedy since Robin Williams.
But when you put it in front of a camera, it's just not the same thing.
I somehow appreciated Happy Gilmore and I thought it justified a marginal recommendation, but its latest film, The Waterboy is about as funny as a root channel.
Seriously, I am ready to bet that to save the soldier Ryan that there.
In fact, I found this film more depressing than comical.
The first half hour did not have a smile in me, with his scenes of emotional violence against the character of Adam of Bobby Boucher not only by cruel football players, but also by his very disturbed mother (Kathy Bates -What happens the world?).
Admittedly, after the film's tour, there are a few light laughter all along (I'm even ready to admit that he made me laugh once or twice), but not enough to support the Waterboy during the near thetime and a half during the time time.
You all know the intrigue because you have seen it at least a million times before; everyone takes care of the hero until he shows a hidden talent and leads the outsider team to victoryOn the champions, in the process not only by winning respect for his teammates, but also by obtaining the woman he loves.
And believe me, I don't give anything by saying that Sandler's team wins.
If you really feel a degree of suspense by watching this film, then God be with you.
The only things that prevent this bomb from obtaining the big banana are the winning performances of Henry Winkler as an insecure coach and the seriously underestimated Fairuza as the love interest of Bobby.
I mean, they should lend their talents to a higher goal, but they do extremely well with what they are given here.
Bravo to both.
My advice in Adam is to try to follow in the footsteps of veterans actors like Williams and Steve Martin, who made a very soft and successful transition from one stage to another.
Count more on a real comedy rather than on strange voices and rude noises to make people laugh.
Or maybe even show what dramatic talent he could have, as Jim Carrey did with the recent Truman show.
With the obvious and considerable talent he has, he simply cannot continue like this.