"Payback", the starting beginnings of Brian Helgeland (by coincidence, he previously wrote the award-winning script for "lla non-stop violence, death and bad guys-and runs with, or should ITo say, can barely crawl with it.
Mel Gibson, in another disappointing image ("conspiracy theory" and "Lethal Weapon 4", whoever?), Cabinet like the bad / reprehensible hero, Porter, a man who becomes determined to obtain his share of 50% of 140,000$, which he stole in a flight, at the time when his partner in crime (Gregg Henry) and his toxican wife (Deborah Kara Uger) meet him, shoot him and leave him.
Porter is not dead, however --- not in the long term --- Because he rehabilitates quickly and, with his faithful prostitute girlfriend, Rosie (Maria Bello), undertakes to make sure that all the scams were involvedin the scam.
The slogan of "Payback" is, "prepare to root the villain", and of course, it is true, because almost all the important characters who appear are twisted in one way or another.
I would not have a problem with this quirky detail if the painfully slim story had been interesting, but it was not all buy -in qualities.
No attempt is made to chase roles in three -dimensional characters, and there is no vacant sign that anyone who has a kind of humanity in them.
It is not because the protagonist, a "villain", is played by Mel Gibson that I will "root for him", and I did not do it.
On the contrary, each person in the film deserved to die of a bloody death (although some of them made, anyway, to spice up the boring procedures).
Since none of the respectable "Paybacks" actors really have human beings to play, only one performance managed to stand out.
Lucy Alexis Liu (from T "Ally McBeal" from T, because most of the humor fell with a resounding splat.
Meanwhile, Gibson, who is perfectly well here, doze a role that is not all difficult.
UNGER, which made an impression in "The Game" of 1997, is surprisingly wasted and it is difficult to see why it has taken such a part since it disappears ten minutes and has only two Purproses: (1) forGet in heroin, and (2) because she plays a key role in an early flashback.
Finally, Kris Kristofferson appears in a disposable role during the highest point, and this development of the unnecessary plot spring as a sore thumb (it is revealing, it did not appear in the original cup of the film, but was thrown whenvast reminders took place for months later).
Like most action films, the star often takes license but continues to check.
During the operating time of 102 minutes of "Payback", Porter is killed three times in the back, struck by a van, beaten and has its broken feet with a hammer.
and guess what ?
Not only does he survive the whole test, but he is happy in the penultimate sequence (and can still walk!),
Even if he seems to have recently substituted a punch bag.
 "Payback" is in no way an entertaining film, even if I am sure that the manufacturers hoped that it would be with all the graphic carnage that happens, but remove this violence and what you have left is essentially a virgin screen.
Perhaps director Helgeland would have been intelligent to consider this, so he could at least have added some interesting elements, such as a new scenario and characters that you could even be there for a few hours.