The formula is simple.
Piche a varied group of people on an isolated location, then appear in a apparently unstoppable monster to kill them by one.
These are the successful ingredients of many good films (The Thing, Alien, Aliens and Tremors to name just a few).
So why are so many films that follow this recipe find themselves pathetically bad?
 (See the relic for a particularly putrid example.)
It may simply be too easy to forget the necessary connection ingredient: effort and ideas.
Deep Rising meets these two requirements halfway, but not enough to recover the film.
Treat Williams is Finnegan, the leader of a small team of boats that hires their services (and their boat) for any activity ... No
questions asked.
This time, however, they may have gone too far.
Their passengers, led by the disturbing company Wes, are the type of multinational terrorist teams generally seen that in hard films.
and their cargo ... let's do
Simply say that it has very high explosive potential.
What is the target of these thieves?
Why, Argonauticus, of course, a high -tech luxury cruise yacht during its inaugural trip.
But something else hunts argonauticus ... something
Ancient and deadly.
As the thieves arrive, almost everyone aboard the ship was killed.
And now the creature smells of fresh meat!
So, you have the thieves and their mercenary crew, associating with surviving passengers (including the owner of the Canton ship (Anthony Heald), and a thief with lower objectives, Trillian (Famke Janssen) against the terror ofthe depth.
And the monster can remove them one by one.
Fortunately for the creature, this group of particular criminals happens to be the most stupid that the world can offer.
Otherwise, why would they engage in small quarrels while they are looking at their friends become fish food.
If there is a clearer call to unity, I don't know what it could be.
It is quite easy to guess who will be killed when.
There is no surprise in that the most interesting characters seem to last until the end.
For the most part, the aqueous tentacles seem to act on the impulses of the public to get rid of the most boring characters first.
 (Although I wonder if the filmmakers could have extended the life of Djimon Hounsou a little if they knew that it would have come out so shortly after his acclamation for Amistad.)
Treat Williams is a passable hero, and Famke Janssen does his best imitation by Julia Roberts.
But while Wes Studi and Anthony Heald are particularly viscous, very little of the business stands out in any way.
The biggest feast in the film, however, must be pantucci, Kevin J. The Groving engine boy of O'Connor, under the use of Finnegan.
His constant jokes can be a little too written, but they manage to capture the same vein of nervous humor that Bill Paxton gave as Hudson in Aliens (or Todd Graff as hippie in the abyss, by the way).
It's just a game of stock (the comic strip character), but it almost makes this tired extraterrestrial clone bentable.
Regarding the monster, although the CGI is well done, the creature has no logical consistency.
Think of the big movies monsters (or even simply good).
They all had a set of "rules" on what they could do, and how and why they would.
Part of the joy of these films was slowly discovered, with the heroes, just what are these rules.
The tentacle monster in Deep Rising does not have a set of rules ...
Or if this is the case, not very good.
He simply eats (or drinks, as the case may be), and there is no rhyme or reason for what she does to do it.
The film never explains why Argonauticus is attacked in the first place.
It just happens.
The action scenes are decent, but few are remarkable.
The film certainly suffers from its proximity to Titanic.
Deep rising's peril in the water scenes pale next to Cameron (BU I can really blame them).
Unfortunately, Deep Rising's efforts are more tied with speed 2.
On the positive side, however, the film closing image shows a promise for a potentially interesting (but improbable) sequel.
Maybe you'd better wait for this one.