200 cigarettes take place on the evening of the New Year 1981.
Monica, played by Martha Plpton, is organizing a huge New Year's Day.
Everyone in town is trying to get there, but some are caught in other things.
This is the basic plot of 200 cigarettes.
While we meet the characters directed to the party, we are sent to many sub -intrigues which are not original and not interesting at all.
It disappointed me a lot.
The film should have been more on the party than people who try to get there in my opinion.
Lucy, played by Courtney Love, is with Kevin, played by Paul Rudd.
The two are in a relationship that is more a friendship, but begins to flourish in something more than that.
This secondary intrigue is extremely boring and dull, and I have enough plots like that.
Janeane Garofalo is involved in another sub -intrigue, dealing with Kevin.
She plays Ellie, an ex-girlfriend of Kevin.
This secondary intrigue is completely a waste of Garofalo's talent.
There was not at all at all, and it was barely even in the film.
When Lucy meets a bartender, played by Ben Affleck, another plot is formed.
The bartender is invited by Lucy to come to the Monica party.
At the bar, he meets two other girls.
The girls are played by Angela Featherstone and Nicole Parker, but unfortunately, because of the terrible game of the two, I do not even remember the names of their characters.
Ben Affleck is a good actor, but his character is going nowhere, so he doesn't have much screen time to give a good performance.
Featherstone and Parker are horrible in their roles, and they are part of the reason why the film is so bad.
Christina Ricci plays Val and Gaby Hoffman plays Stephie.
The two girls try to go to the party but are extremely lost.
They meet guys and end up going around with them all night.
This secondary intrigue was fine, but it was quite boring with Stephie's accent.
Hoffman did a good work of action, but Ricci did good.
She was underused, since she is a wonderful actress.
Another secondary intrigue of the film is the relationship between Cindy, played by Goldie Hawn's daughter, and Jack, played by Jay Mohr.
Jack is an actor who does not care about the girls with whom he comes out, he just likes dates for a night, and the next day, he does not.
Kate Hudson is a huge klutz.
It is done in very funny situations, which are the funniest parts of the whole film.
These are probably the only funny parts of the whole film.
This secondary intrigue could have been used more, mainly due to Hudson's performance.
Mohr was not good, but he was not bad.
It was fine, which I did not find acceptable.
There is not much to say about the performance of the film.
None of the characters are developed or sufficiently shown to really say whether the game is good or not.
The only performances I can judge are the performance of Christina Ricci as always, the funny role of Kate Hudson, the mediocre performance of Courtney Love, and the boring and overumed performance of Paul Rudd.
I hoped a little more Jaw Mohr, Ben Affleck, Casey Affleck, Gaby Hoffman, Dave Chapelle and especially Janeane Garofalo.
The two strongest things in the film were the big soundtrack and the original costumes.
Martha Plpton and Christina Ricci had very different and original outfits that made me feel that I was in 1981.
The soundtrack is full of the air of the 1980s, ranging from "I Want Candy" to "Tained Love".
The songs of the film also helped to create the feeling that you were back in the 1980s.
During the film, I often found myself asking the questions: "Is there a reason for that?
Is there a moral story?
Is there a point?
Do events take place in the film?
Do I care what Lucy and Kevin are going through? "
The film is extremely boring, and when they reached eleven hours, an hour before midnight, I couldn't I wait for the film to be finished.
The plot is correct, but the secondary intrigues make it terrible.
Maybe if the film was about the party, not on the party people, it could have been much better.
The main thing: just like a Slasher film, this? The comedy of the 80s is only too big.