Capsule: silly and stupid adaptation of Gibson's news, which is nowhere in sight.
Gibson's script only added the insult to the injury.
Johnny Mnemonic is a great film.
I say "incredibly" because it is one thing to fail, but another thing to fail so completely that even the chances of value of the camp are sabotaged.
Keanur Reeves (who is terrible) plays the role of Johnny, a "news letter" which can wear dozens of gigabytes of data in his head.
We give him "a last job" (every time you are in a film and you hear these words, run), which implies that he pushes so much data in his skull that it could be fatal.
One of the touches more beautiful than the film brings is that the only way it could operate such a arrangement was to abandon all his childhood memories, but he was not followed as a token.
For his troubles, Johnny is chased by the Yakuza, which seems to be the new bad guys in all high -tech thrillers.
What is funny is that if you watch gangster films made * in Japan, there are whole gobs of details on the authentic behavior and ethics of the yakuza, but of course, there is noof space in this film for all this.
Yakuza are simply used to point pistols, wave swords, displacing tattoos and grimace.
 (I could explain how the gangsters and criminals of many other ethnic groups have passed exams reflected in the films - linked by Honor, Sugar Hill and American come to mind - when the Asians remain perpetually stereotypical.
But that's another test.)
Anyway, Johnny runs and ends up meeting in Newark.
Why Newark?
Perhaps because it was cheaper to simulate a future Newark than a future New York, that's why.
There, he meets an assortment of odd characters (Ice-T, Dolph Lundgren and Henry Rollins play a whole gallery of bizarre).
The script treats them with all the depths of furniture.
It turns out (what else?) That the data of Johnny's head could save a lot of people, but of course, Johnny only wants his head so that it does not kill him.
Managed, it could have been absorbing, but the script manages to taste any chance of real sympathy for Johnny on every occasion.
The details on the appearance of the future are all telephoned in other films, Blade Runner and Brazil come to my mind.
Everything looks dilapidated and scummy, everyone dresses as if they were punk rockers, and videophones are common.
snoring.
The only really interesting development is an extensive representation of the way internet could work in the future (with VR glasses and feedback gloves), but I kept thinking that it was more like what some guysRelatively non -technical * would think * would look like and behave like.
A Johnny caliber pirate would explode with a command line after the other, instead of wasting all this time by turning with holograms, but of course, it is not cinematographic.
never mind .
What's wrong with this film?
Gibson wrote his own script, which, I suppose, is part of the problem: what works like a new one does not work in a film.
Her ear for dialogue is terrible and the plot does not progress, she convulse.
Since the script, everything was probably downhill.
The rental of the film to make fun is in a way useless; there is no pleasure in kicking a injured dog, right?