"Love to Kill" begins aimlessly and gradually becomes less consistent over time.
At first, the film seems to concern Tony Danza, who is an illegal firearm distributor, trying to establish a relationship with a woman without distrust.
Danza establishes a double appointment with her, her sister and one of her colleagues.
Everything seems to be fine, until the sister accidentally dies by falling on a staircase.
Lots of confusion and Mahem follows, while death is covered and other Danza partners are beginning to emerge, all after one thing or another.
Sounding confusing?
It is .
I think what the filmmakers were trying to do is take the standard criminal film and throw a little humor and lightness.
In some ways, it works.
But the majority of the film is a convoluted and confusing mess.
The characters continue to arise without explanation, demanding money for offers that occur off screen.
The only aspect of the film that actually works is the budding relationship between Danza and the deceased woman's sister.
But so little time is devoted to this part of the story, we never know too much with these characters, and because of that, we do not really care about what happens to them.
Well, I didn't do it, at least.
One thing I'm going to give to the film is that it's a full start for Tony Danza.
Here is a guy, because of his many sitcom roles, which is anchored in consciousness as a nice guy who always does the right thing.
Here, he plays a man who turns just on himself, and if it means that he must kill to save his own skin, too bad.
I was very impressed by his performance, and in the minutes following the start of the film, I forgot everything about his good guy character.
Michael Madsen is also good as an acquisition of Danza who spends half of the film to his and the other half trying to kill him.
As I said, this is not exactly a linear scenario.
 "Love to Kill" should be congratulated for trying to do something different with the genre of well worn crime, but it is simply a shame that the story does not add up much.
The stars deserved better, just like the public.