A friend invites you to a film.
This film would escape the explosions and special effects of standard summer dishes and would be anchored in reality.
The intrigue is as follows: after a terrifying incident, a mother and her independent daughter separated from the father and move away from the city.
They need fresh air to get a perspective, maybe to start again.
Romance, however, begins to brew, like one of the inhabitants, played by an international superstar in robust clothes, triggers things (especially in a slow-water-Western dance).
He features a young rising starlet, heads a good cast and is led by one of the best directors who have become actors in Hollywood.
you accept .
You jump on the occasion to see what you believe to be, _ the whisper horse_.
But, poor film buff, you were sold.
Alas, you find yourself watching, incredulous, _Hope Flotte_.
Oh, woe.
Your hope has sank.
Why was this film made?
Why was it published?
It is a parody at almost all levels, and has the power to sink the career of almost all the people involved.
Between a better script, the film could have been a gem.
But he is ignorant of what it is about, and only succeeds in transferring the same inhabitants to the poor viewers.
_HOPE FUNTS_ features Sandra Bullock as Birdy, who, after discovering that her husband deceived her with her best friend (on national television no less), takes her daughter and returns home, led by an eccentric countryBumpkin played by Genowlands, (she decorates with a plush fauna).
The nephew of Birdy, Travis (played by _leave It to Beaver_'s Cameron Finley), is under his care, and in one of the many failed jokes of the film, is always seen bearing another Halloween costume.
What is the interest of this?
Does that make any sense ?
Is it supposed to be funny?
The goal of the film is to show that the family is eccentric, but I was convinced that the grandmother should have been locked up to endanger the mental well-being of a child.
All of this undermines the intrigue, from which there is none.
There are only many scenes that are supposed to record emotion.
There is the scene where Birdy, who was the queen of the ball, is humiliated by approaching a peer that she used to make fun of work.
There is the scene where Birdy dances with his father, at the hospital for Alzheimer's disease.
And then there are the sentimental scenes with Justin, played by Harry Connick Jr., who takes him a taste again, showing him a beautiful stamp which he built from zero.
And during each of these scenes, I was diverted by my previous question.
What a kind of eccentric grandmother crosses such great pains to provide a dog costume, a Kermit costume, a cowboy costume (with whip) and a full fur barney costume for her grandson to wearduring dinner?
What kind of distorted ramifications would this lead for the rest of his life?
Apart from that, there are other safe signs of blocks of writers.
When the girl resists the intimidator at school.
When Birdy almost loses his job.
When the family arrives in an awkward lip mouth to encourage someone.
When someone dies.
When the girl cries (no, groans) in the exasperation that her father does not come back.
In a film like this, you notice that the strings are pushed, and you sit there, comatous, hoping that it will end.
Who can survive such a debacle?
I’m worrying about Bullock’s career, which has been going on the automatic driver for a few years.
It has an attitude, solid attention and can drive a bus - but it cannot manage emotional scenes, even less a southern accent.
Harry Connick, Jr.est worse - track with the song or get actor lessons, please!
Gena Rowlands is the best part of the film.
But she is such a good actress, that it holds the mind that she has increased by such lukewarm material here.
It would be a severe tragedy if the John Cassavettes' star of the great films is known for this film.
Two notes at Forest Whittaker: (1) Cut the sequences in slow motion.
There are twelve times that you compromise your own direction with such a tip.
You did it, you could have razed ten minutes from this almost unbearable debacle.
 (2) You must have known that something was wrong if the filter of your director of photography reveals the candle as small "x".
You are not a bad director, but you cannot change a terrible script.
There is a recurring scene where Birdy, working in the Fotomat district, finds the machine that is wrong, and the image after a destroyed, distorted and dark image appear.
Think about it.
A succession of destroyed images may have been more entertaining than this film.