Insane (r) Marlon Wayans is a very talented physical actor, and it is this gift that brings insane moments of life.
Alas, the moments are simply that, moments, which are not enough to raise this fantasy / comedy above its premise in a single joke.
Admittedly, this only joke is initially fun.
When Darryl Witherspoon of Wayans, an adult in economics at the University of Stratford, strikes disastrous financial straits, he becomes an India pig for an experimental medication that increases the five senses.
After certain initial side effects and problems controlling his superhuman senses, Darryl learns to take advantage of the advantages of his capacities and uses them to get a position in a very estimated business business.
At this stage, the film looks more like a sense than in the insane sense, but through a few turns of the plot, Darryl is only able to use four of his five senses at the same time, leaving it mainly - yes -without awareness.
This sets up a few showcase moments for Wayans' gift for physical comedy, especially when Darryl loses his feeling of feeling and his body goes completely, hilarious.
But these gags, and the gag behind the whole film, quickly become expired.
Once Darryl is displayed without the use of all senses, instead of exploring a new comic territory, the director Penelope Spheris and the writers Greg Erb and Craig Mazin take the easy way to go out and simply recycle each form ofinsane meaning.
Wayans approaches each round with enthusiasm, but at this stage, he simply works on the water for the rest of the funny duration of the film.
Sense insane would not be as problematic as if he did not try to be something other than a comic trifle.
However, the noisy and often hot comedy is wrapped in a blanket of false sincerity.
Darryl goes through the experience to help his family short of money, and this "serious" angle seems to come from a completely different film.
Unlike the latest vehicle in Wayans, the 6th man surprisingly effective (and serious), the "emotional" content of the fools is forced and unconvincing.
Any more substantial attempt than the broad comedy sparkle - Darryl's romance with Janice (Tamara Taylor), a young woman who aspires to a man who is faithful to himself, does not generate any spark.
Once his WB television sitcom, the Wayans Bros.tird at an end, the truly funny Marlon Wayans has a promising big screen in front of him.
But if he continues to associate with plans as flat as insane, his film career could follow his older brother in the past promising, Damon, who is now ready to make his return - on television.