An American werewolf in Paris is a failed attempt to resume the humor and horror of John Landis's feature film in 1981, an American werewolf in London.
Where the original had a comedy, the continuation has the kind of revolting stupidity that can be found in television sit-Comes.
Where the first episode had chills, it has inappropriate, involuntarily funny sequences.
In short, while a American werewolf in London has become a kind of classic minor in its kind, the Woeful has an American werewolf in Paris seems to be intended for the end of the night on Cinemax (he even has nudefree necessary).
The film opens with a daring American trio - Andy (Tom Everett Scott), Brad (Vince Vieluf) and Chris (Phil Buckman) - sneaking to the top of the Eiffel Tower to drink wine and make a littleBungee jumping.
Soon, they have the company in person of Serafine (Julie Delpy), who decided to end everything.
She jumps, but Andy, with an elastic cord attached, pursues her and manages to save her (at the cost of a major headache).
Serafine disappears, but an Andy struck looking for it.
However, once he has learned the dark secret of his girlfriend, he wishes.
She is a werewolf, cursed to turn into a hideous beast when the moon is full, and, to worsen things, he himself suffered a nasty bite.
Actress Julie Delpy is far too good for this film.
She permeates Serafine de spirit, of cum and humanity, which gives us an emotional interest in the fate of the character.
It is not necessarily a good thing, because it prevents us from relaxing and enjoying an American werewolf in Paris as a completely insane campy entertainment experience.
Delpy's class injection into a classless production increases the spectrum of what this film could have been with a better script and a better casting that surrounds it.
The previous credits of Delpy include memorable companies such as Kieslowski from Kieslowski and Richard Linklater from Kieslowski before sunrise.
She was radiant, charismatic and effective in both.
Given the nature and level of the material with which she must work here, she is as close as possible to these adjectives.
One could say that Delpy is the only reason to see an American werewolf in Paris, but even his most dedicated fans should consider missing this one.
And if your main objective is to see it in the buff, see either kill Zoe or Béatrice's passion - these films have intelligible plots in addition to the breasts.
The rest of the distribution acts at a considerably lower level than that of Delpy-that is to say that they give appropriate performance for the scenario.
Tom Everett Scott (this thing you do) plays the main role as if he were in a film made for television.
It would be nice to call him Fade.
The actors Vince Vieluf and Phil Buckman, as Andy, are no longer impressive.
Julie Bowen (Happy Gilmore) is appropriate as a werewolf meat.
And the French actor respected Thierry Lhermitte has a brief tour as another monster meal.
On the technical side, this is bad news.
The wolfs generated by computer seem painfully unreal.
The creatures would probably have been more credible if they were men in wolf costume.
Repeated use is made of the "wolf camera", an approach to a point of view of an infrared wolf which is interesting the first two times it is used, then becomes tedious.
And the soundtrack includes alternative rock rocks that compete violently with the action on the screen to which they are matching.
Director Anthony Waller, who posted a confident and daring style with a silent witness, stumbles with this material, never being able to freeze comedy and horror elements.
Consequently, we get the worst suite of werewolves from Howling II: your sister is a werewolf.
 (I will give a Waller credit for killing a dog, however - something that is rarely seen in the films these days.) An American cheese OLF in Paris is slightly entertaining in a "bad film" way, but it is a dubious distinction.
In the end, it is an unfortunate effort, because, although it is not unbearable to sit, it is not a howl either.