Depending on your degree of sense of cinema, the last standing man is either a) a remake of the era of the prohibition of the classic of 1961 of Akira Kurosawa in 1961; b) a remake of the era of the prohibition of the classicSergio Leone in 1964 A Fistful of Dollars; c) an action drama of the era of prohibition with a completely original history line.
A new line certainly counts on the fact that there are many more potential viewers in the category (C) than in the other two handsets, as are the recent Diabic remakes and the disappearance counted to avoid such comparisons.
The fact is that there is yet another way of looking at the last standing man, who is the first cinematographic version of the story that nods with the source material _real_, the novel by Dashiell Hammett _red Harvest_.
It also shows that Kurosawa and Leone knew what to do with this material than Hammett himself.
This time, the nameless man is played by Bruce Willis, a guy with a shaded story of an indefinite nature that takes place in the border city of Texas de Jericho one day on the way to Mexico.
According to all appearances, Jericho is on the right track to become a ghost city, the few remaining inhabitants generally belonging to one of the two smuggling operations fighting for the control of alcohol coming to the border.
One is led by an Irishman named Doyle (David Patrick Kelly); the other is led by the Italian gangster connected to Chicago Strozzi (Ned Eisenberg).
Having called John Smith, the man decides that there is money to be made from the conflict and is recruited as an executor on the side of Doyle.
But Smith's allegiance is as uncertain as his name, and he begins to play both sides against each other while trying to keep one step on both.
Familiar viewers with the two previous incarnations of this story will find almost nothing radically changed from a conspiracy point of view, and this only should make the last man a little more respectable than other Hollywood remakes recent.
There is the fortunately ineffective legislator (Bruce Dern), the unfortunately detained object of one of the affections of the bosses (Karina Lombard), the barket which becomes the only friend of our anti-hero (William Sanderson), the Lieutenants Susperts(Christopher Walken and Michael Empeolili) to question the confidence of bosses in Smith, a brutal blow and a big fire.
The director Walter Hill gives procedures his usual injection of steroids, including a pair of firearms for Willis who have the capacity to propel an assailant behind with a sufficient thrust to reach the escape speed, but at least heDo not try to transform the story into Unfilm Slasher or an image of a friend.
What he does is an almost important error, and it is to provide a narrative of off running by Willis that sounds standard style of fiction of dough detective.
Yes, this narration is full of shots, but it is not particularly disturbing.
The problem is that Yojimbo and a handful of dollars have largely succeeded in the registration of their main characters.
They were a mystery, for the other characters in the film and for the public, their motivations are never entirely clear even after acting, and this quality contributed to their almost mythical status.
With the voice of John Smith who chatted in the background and allowing us to enter each of his thoughts, he becomes more commonplace, just another hard to do trying to stay alive.
It looks like a Hammett novel, well, and Hill can plead fidelity to his text for his choice, but it just doesn't work.
The narration allows the unnamed man to put us in his confidence, and the nameless man does not take a single_ in his confidence.
Even if you enter the last standing man like a blank slate, I cannot imagine that it is much more than a very armed minor.
Willis attenuates his fanfaron macho as Smith Taciturn, but there is always a level on which he always seems to be cu Nting to be harder than everyone else rather than smarter than everyone else.
Christopher Walken plays a brutal handsman of Doyle as a slight variation on his gallery of psychos with a soft voice, and there is not another character who even makes the slightest impression.
Without convincing antagonist for Smith, there is no preparation for the expected force test, and when it happens, this confrontation is finished so quickly, you wonder what it was.
The director of photography Lloyd Ahern (who also did the only remarkable work on the Bill Flop of 1995 of Hill) creates clever views burned by the sun, but his work is only to keep a distracted eye between the push of the blowsof fire and the next counter-production narrative piece.
Sometimes when someone sees a dull remake of a revered original, he will wonder what was talking about.
In the case of last man standing, it is those who know the originals who will wonder what he was talking about.