The failure is a moderately entertaining, although disappointing thriller.
Kurt Russell and Kathleen Quinlan play the couple Jeff and Amy Taylor, taking the picturesque path to California across the country of Redneck.
However, while in the middle of nowhere, their Jeep decides to break down, letting them blocked.
A friendly truck driver, Warren (Walsh), offers to give them an elevator for the city.
Although Jeff rejects the offer (he wants to stay with his car), Amy agrees, jumps into the Warren truck and disappears quickly.
Jeff wonders where she is, and when he later catches up Warren and Warren says he has never seen Amy in his life, the intrigue thickens and Jeff continues to find his wife.
Although comparisons can be made with this film in Deliverance (1972) and The Vanishing (1993) in terms of conspiracy, the last two are much superior characters and scripts.
Kurt Russell is O.K like Jeff, although he can apparently draw only one expression, which is angry.
Throughout the film, he looks angry (or simply upset.)
Quinlan is O.K again, but again, it can only withdraw one expression, which looks stupid.
Throughout the film, she looks stupid.
JT Walsh (which, unfortunately, recently died) is indeed like Warren (which we discover soon is a kidnapper) although his real character is quite weak and not really threatening.
The support casting does its best, with Rex Linn as a dubious sheriff and the other kidnappers.
The story, written by the first time, Jonathan Mostow (who also directs) is O.K, he is surprisingly familiar and sometimes extraordinarily stupid.
Some of the things that the characters do in this film exceed the limits of idiocy.
There are also faults with the plot, because the characters make the full opposite of logic (probably to keep the story "exciting") and also the fact that the story is simply not strong enough forMaintain public attention.
The image also moves very slowly.
He almost threatens to fall dead.
The image resumes towards the end, but by then it is too late.
Mostow, however, sufficiently directs the action sequences.
The film does not really happen to a satisfactory conclusion either.
The end tries to be dark, but is bored.
The breakdown could be a much more pleasant image if it had a casting and a stronger director.
Instead, it turns out that it is simply average.
A missed opportunity.
Global note = David Wilcock review