It is probably inevitable that the kind of popular virtual reality ("The matrix", "exisse") will collide with the kind of even more popular serial killer ("Kiss the Girls", "Se7en").
The result should have been more interesting than "the cell".
While the film opens, the Catharine Deane therapist (Jennifer Lopez) treats a catatonic boy (Colton James) by entering his mind through a kind of virtual reality technique which is never entirely explained.
After months of therapy sessions in a surreal desert, Catharine failed to report.
Meanwhile, Killer Carl Stargher (Vincent d'Onofrio) claimed another victim.
His particular hobby is to kidnap young women, keep them in a glass cell overnight and drown them.
He takes the corpse and the caliber in Bleach, then hangs on the body and jerks off while watching a video strip of the drowning.
Although Carl has done this for some time, he recently became sloppy, and the FBI agent Peter Novak (Vince Vaughn) firm quickly.
Not fast enough, however, to prevent Carl from sticking another woman (Tara subkoff) in the cell or catching it before undergoing a schizophrenic attack which leaves it in a coma.
From the videos of Carl's house, Peter can see that the drowning cell is automated and will fill with water forty hours after removal.
To save the kidnapped girl, Peter must find the cell before the end of the day, and COMATEOSE Carl does not speak.
So, they go to Catharine in the hope that she can enter Carl's mind and discover where the cell is in time.
The objective of "the cell" in the interior decorated with the spirit of Carl, but the director of the Tarsem Singh universe creates seems more a computer -generated spectacle exercise than an exploration of the psychotic personality.
For the most part, it is the style without substance.
In his own mind, Carl is a decadent emperor in fluid dresses, Ming the Accessing Inspitl, as well as a frightened boy (Jake Thomas) his father.
Overall, the spirit of a psycho-tirer turns out to be a strangely dull place, and I continued to wish that I can go quickly to the following development.
Singh is best known for directing musical clips, in particular "losing my religion" of Rem and "The Cell" is very similar to a very long and very slow MTV video with the deleted sound.
The singer Lopez seems to think that she is also in a video; she spends more time in installation in elaborate costumes than she does.
The premise was very promising.
The world generated by computer in Carl's mind could have been a bizarre surrealist universe governed by madness and symbolism rather than by logic.
The first Catharine piece enters Carl's head shows this promise.
She finds a horse in the center of the room; suddenly, sliced glass leaves fall into the horse, dividing it into segments.
The windows separate, separating the pieces from the horse still alive.
This scene is twisted, disturbing and stimulating, because the psychological importance of the horse and its fate is left to the spectator to think.
Another element that should have been developed is the Catharine effect to merge with the mind of a psychopath.
Their minds begin to bleed together at one point in the film, and that should have provided the opportunity to discover the dark corners of the own Catharine psyche.
Like "The Offense" by Sidney Lumet or "Manhunter" by Michael Mann, "the cell" could have explored how the killer's madness brings out a repressed darkness in the investigator.
However, the character of Catharine is barely developed, and Lopez has no depth to offer the role.
Conclusion: Do not be trapped in it.