As forgetful as some people may be, it is doubtful that anyone can forget his marriage, especially three times.
But, professor alas, Brainard, somehow manages to accomplish this feat twice before the important night that he really creates Flubber.
It is surprising that he can remember all the processes he uses to do anything.
The point here is how a man could be so obviously forgetful.
It is not absent, it is almost insane and he is a professor.
Well, this is the case for the first half of the film, so things are starting to settle in what could really be considered absent.
Along the way to become absent from the lack of mind, the professor trips on Flubber.
Fortunately or there would be no film or fun for the public.
The Flubber is supposed to pilot rubber, but it seems to have its own life.
This is strictly for children.
The properties of the Flubber offer a few antics for the public when the coated golf balls of Flubber and bowling balls would assault that two would be thugs.
Although fun, it is not original and brings back the haunting memories of the house alone.
The poor professor must save the university where he teaches, recover his fiancée, finally stop the conspiracy of an evil millionaire and do all of this in the funniest way possible.
Admittedly, there are fun moments but the film is rather superficial and does not compare very well to the original (the teacher absent).
The whole scene with the basketball match was just excruciating and totally incredible.
Stereotypicals, not qualified for sport, manage to bounce back, steal and dribble the path of victory?
It seems too bad to be true, the least it could have been done was Keep semi near the original film to give this film a chance.
As for innovations and new ideas, there are only two good ones in this film.
Give life at the Flubber, which is so poorly executed that it is better forgotten, and Prof.Robot flying of Brainard Weebo.
Giving life at the Flubber would have worked wonderfully if it was not for scenes of the genre where you have the Flubber dancing on tables and books without real reason other than putting a little music and prolonging the length of the film.
The life of the Flubber had short and rather fanciful moments when it could have been well used, but it was not and in the end would have done the film more harm than good.
Now Web is a totally different story.
It is a robot that Prof.Braineard created but forgotten how and also gave something life.
It is a really original idea, well perhaps not, but it is an idea that is well executed and ultimately makes the poor robot the most developed and most real character of the film.
Yes, the little yellow robot has more emotion and character than the characters.
The film does not have emotional punch at all to attract the public.
Robin Williams' game (Prof.
Brainard) seems to be half at the heart of most of the film and, in many cases, completely forced.
Most of the game in the film was so convincing that to deceive the part of the public who had not yet reached the age of 12.
People, when it stood at the altar, generally do not give a third chance.
Or besides, talk to the fiancée afterwards, but what can be expected to be a children's film.
Flubber, as a film, does little original and is nothing special in all respects.
With the best character in the film being something of an accessory, I doubt that many people find it all too great.
It has its fun moments and it is a good story at the end, but it is not washing with the original.
Children should find this film fun and fun and they will probably appreciate the whole film.
As a film, it's just a children's film and not the best of these.