Although I was not a spectator of the television series "Rugarts", I entered their first animated feature film, "The Rugrats Movie" with a positive attitude.
The trailer looked pretty cute, after all.
After having seen it, I think the words of my recent criticism "Antz", in which I declared that it was the worst film of this type since "The Pebble and the Penguin" of 1995, were a bit premature.
 "The Rugouts Movie" is the price of children at the bottom of the bar at worst, and begins to do, "Antz" looks good in comparison.
As in the show, "The Rugouts Movie", talks about a group of very little friends, ranging from babies to a three -year -old child.
The group's leader, Tommy Pickles (for example.
Daily), becomes upset when his mother has a newborn man named Dill (Get It?
Pickles d'Aneth? ... Hardee-Har-Har-Har!) And is informed by her three-year-old cousin, Anjelica (Cheryl Chase), that new babies always keep all the attention of other children.
When the other children, Chuckie and Twins Lil and Phil, suggest bringing the dill back to the hospital, Tommy accompanies him, but on their way, they crush in the forest and get lost, run in wolves andcircus monkeys, among others.
 "The film Rugrats", to judge by the idea of being lost in the woods, could have been a potentially fun family film, and there were many different things that could have been done with history.
So what do the writers have chosen?
Why, they set up a prolonged shot scene where the children almost review a waterfall, of course!
For the youngest of children (3 to 7 years old), "The Rugarts Movie", can very well entertain them, to judge by the public with which I saw him.
Of course, if you looked around all older children and their parents, they were all desperately difficult to stay awake, and that included me.
For an adult, "The Rugouts Movie", is a trash can.
The intrigue is non -original and writing has absolutely neither spirit nor charm.
There is no laughter to have in the film or excitement.
If something is even marginally good on the image, it is the style of brilliant animation, it is therefore particularly regrettable that it is not to serve a more quality film.
 "The Rugarts Movie" has been Doa from the start.
I am everything for a valid family film, but sometimes an animated film presents itself simply horrible.
As said before, young children can love him, but even they deserve better than that.
For adults, it is an almost unbearable and excruciating chore to cross.
As for me, "The Rugouts Movie" is not the worst of the year, nor the most hated, but it is the most boring.
Parents: do a favor and take your children to see the rehabilitation of "The Wizard of Oz".
It is an image that contains a lot of magic and wonder, including two things, "the film Rugrats", it is completely missing.