The bad films described as "a quick descent into sinful pleasure, decomposition and debauchery" are difficult to watch.
The bad films of the 2000s that resemble the bad films of the 1980s are even more difficult to watch.
Shadow Hours falls into this last category, a wreck in Méli-Mélo fog of B-Film actors (including Michael Dorn, alias Worf of Star Trek), a plot without interest, vain attempts to capitalize on the"underground" scenes from Los Angeles, and Seedy Angeles, Etvirly, really poorly achieving and horrible Musical Video Video edition that was taught to me at the film school just before deciding to abandon.
The film revolves around the life of Michael Holloway (Balthazar Getty) who tries to restart his life with his unidimensional wife Chloé (Rebecca Gayheart) after an inconvenience of dependence on drugs and alcohol.
Michael takes a work of work in the quarter-cemetery at the local service station and is bombed by the ugliness and the oddity of the nightlife of L. Un. A night, he meets a strange gender named Stuart (Mr. Buckaro Banzai,Peter Weller).
He drives a Porsche, smokes French cigarettes and drones on life, ends up coaxing Mike in the exploration of the "belly" of L. Un. A. Ensemble, a visit to the punk bars, S&M clubs and bare fights.
The film then throws a mystery of murder with a cop played Peter Greene, acting as if he wanted to have the chance of reprisals of his role in The Mask 2. The film then dissolves in a cheap scam of Dante of DanteMixed with an old Stephen J. CANNELL television pilot.
The rhythm of the film is shocking and totally without concentration.
The other horrors include the endless montages of people who pump gas and the Charlie Sheen, Johnny Depp, Richard Grieco-Esque acting from Balthazar Getty.
Peter Weller clearly knows that his career is completely over and does not give two shit on this subject.
And after the inexpensive exploitation of bondage clubs, dance clubs and fucking brothels, nobody is no longer in the ugly eye of Hollywood!?
In 1984, a big but crazy named Abel Ferrara made his worst film and called him Fear City.
Shadow Hours reminds me of an almost perfect suite.
Director / Writer: Isaac Eaton Producers: Peter Alevey, Andrea Mia, Shon Greenblatt, Balthazar Getty with: Balthazar Getty, Peter Weller, Rebecca Gayheart, Peter Greene, Frederic Forrest, Brad-Douriff, Michael Dorn