The people who populate the film 54 are superficial, self-absorbed and indulgent.
In other words, they perfectly reflect the era as well as the film that this feature represents.
54 is the story of this well -published New York disco, Studio 54, in place in the 1970s where anyone who was lying, photographed and pampered.
The difficulty with 54, which was written and led by Mark Christopher, is that his script takes no point of view.
Christopher does not condemn or glorify the legendary excesses which were the characteristic of studio 54.
It maintains an unrescited distance, thus preventing us from forming any emotional attachment with one of the protagonists.
The main asset of the film is the surprising performance of Mike Myers as Steve Rubell, the famous owner of the night.
It is partly rebellious, partly dreamer, partly clever entrepreneur.
It is intelligent enough and childish enough to bend to dreams and desires of its customers, but stupid enough to boast on television on the hidden of IRS profits.
Myers, in its first part of a right character, is in turn attractive and appalling.
At one point, he can try to put pressure on a male employee in a sexual situation, then at the next moment, apologize for his bad behavior and offer the young man a handful of money.
The story is told by Shane O'Shea (Ryan Phillippe), a boy from New Jersey who dreams of crossing the river to the Big Apple.
Shades of Tony in Brooklyn by John Travolta in Saturday evening fever.
Finally, Shane comes to New York, attracts Rubell's eye and is admitted to the promised land.
His appearance obtains a job as a busboy, and he is later promoted to the prestigious position of the bartender, where he mixes and made drinks for the rich and the famous.
Shane's dream is to meet the star of soap Julie Black (Neve Campbell), another garden state.
But the two characters are so sample that even when they connect, it does not matter.
The chemistry between Shane and Julie is nonexistent.
54 is a very cold and little involved film.
These are all stroboscopic lights and glitter, any substance.
It's a bit like the musical era it covers.