8 mm will not light up your day.
It is a dark, filthy and disturbing portrait of underground films and filled with excessive violence.
Not only do you need the stomach to cross this swollen mess, but you will also need a lot of patience.
Nicolas Cage seems to be doing a lot of supervision in recent times.
He was wearing a bizarre outfit and has made a lot of cries in the eyes of a terminal snake, and here he tries a performance that can relate to someone who completely loses their grip on reality.
Cage plays the private investigator Tom Welles, congratulated for his secret and his reliability.
At home, Welles is a father, with a woman (Catherine Keener) and a little girl to take care of.
His new mission is bizarre: the wife of an officially deceased millionaire hired him to resolve a mystery concerning a film found in her husband's safe.
The film seems to be a kind of cheap pornography involving a teenager and a masked man, until the girl is brutally murdered.
Or at least it seems.
Welles, of course, is starting to dig more and more deeply to discover the truth.
And the more he gets involved in this worrying case, the more he arrives above his head.
He hires an adult bookstore clerk named Max California (Joaquin Phoenix) to be his guide through the ugly pornography.
Max knows what Welles is starting and explains: "You dance with the devil, the devil does not change.
The devil changes you. '
These prove to be very wise words.
8 mm has a premise which requires better execution.
The configuration is smooth and well played, while Cage discovers the identity of the girl and goes to Hollywood to locate her.
This is where everything is going badly.
Although director Joel Schumacher manages to scare us with his grotesque portrait of the "real world", he forgot to inject any interest or excitement to the formula.
Everything in the film becomes dull and lifeless, pushing the spectator as the effect of the bug to insects.
Although it has enormous potential, the third act of 8 mm is a total bust, leaving an audience intrigued in a confusing state of extreme disappointment while the procedure departs out of control.
Cage is the only flame of energy in the film.
His performance is actually credible, but soon the director's requests begin to weigh heavily on his shoulder and he begins to trip in despair.
However, you must give him a credit for having kept this project together as long as he did, because it is not an easy task when you consider the problems to be accomplished.
The Welles trail soon leads him to a bizarre filmmaker (convincingly played by Peter Stormare) who is notorious for the most harsh film in industry.
This is where Cage goes over the limit in a serial killer type phase, in which he must take revenge on all those who murdered the innocent girl in the film.
He traces the masked man responsible for the murder (Chris Bauer), and they have a bloody fight in the local cemetery, a combat sequence that would have more looking for the house in a film in Schwarzenegger.
Written by Andrew Kevin Walker, 8 mm dissipates in the poor seven, with all the violence but little of the efficiency which made the latter a frightening masterpiece.
In addition, what has become of Joel Schumacher?
The director recently experienced a major drought, slipping into the depths of the lamentable flop after flop (Batman and Robin, anyone?).
This putrid thriller will certainly not relaunch his career, so maybe Schumacher should start to explore his lighter side.