I'm really starting to wonder about Alicia Silverstone.
Of course, she is one of the most beautiful creatures on the green earth of God (just after this film critic at Large Guy), but when it comes to choosing the films in which she plays, she always comes out.
The crushing was a piece of predictable stuffed animals in slow motion.
Hideaway was a new horrible adaptation in which Alicia had only a minor role.
Clueless was a boring and funny waste of time.
And people sent me by e-mail too, saying that Clueless is a good film and that I am the only one who does not like it.
A girl said that if I had seen the film with "an open mind", I would have appreciated.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
I went to the theater while waiting to love the film.
The overview looked good and of course, I am CrazyMadinlove with Alicia, but the film was a bunch of bad jokes from whining and unlikely characters.
Almost everyone with whom I saw the film felt the same thing.
When we get out of the theater, a guy (and it wasn't me) shouted: "It was the worst f $ & # in 'movie I have ever seen" and the rest of us had to laughin agreement.
So last night, I entered the video store and saw Alicia's pretty face on the cover of a manufacturing thriller for the baby-sitter.
I knew it would be bad, but an interior compulsion that I will probably never understand that I do not praise it anyway.
What I obtained was 90 minutes of regret - the worst film by Alicia Silverstone of all time.
And you already know about the last paragraph what the competition looks like.
Where to start to criticize this film?
The plot is a thin bottle.
There is zero humor, zero suspense, zero drama and zero action, until the last ten minutes, when the story is unnecessarily and unnecessarily ended with a violent sequence.
Zero more zero more zero more zero is equal to zero.
So why is this film a star?
Well, Alicia spends twenty minutes from the film in the bathtub.
And if it was not a foaming bath, the baby-sitter would have immediately joined the ranks of our other four-star characteristics, but you are satisfied with what you can get.
Alicia embodies a baby-sitter who spends on Friday evening taking care of two children whose parents get drunk in a cocktail.
And of course, anyone as beautiful as Alicia automatically spends his Friday evenings at home (at least this film critic at Grand Gars).
While the film travels, we discover that it is not only the mainly silent star of the film, but also the object of the fantasies of each male character (and probably all male spectators too).
Father Drunk thinks that she is just the thing to resume his lost youth, his boyfriend lets her imagination be unleashed while hoping Alicia from the outside, even the prepuber boy looks at Alicia through the lock hole in the roomBath while she takes her foaming bath.
They even throw the fantasies of the middle -aged woman on a male counterpart at the party.
Not that one of us asked or even thought of seeing this woman of more than 200 pounds in a black silk plush.
At least, none of the sexual fanatasies leave the evaluated PG domain.
In fact, I could imagine that the baby-sitter becoming a must-see of the Cinemax night without the fact that there is absolutely no nudity.
So you can't call it a sex movie.
I have already pointed out that he cannot fall into drama, comedy, thriller or action, when you rank Baby-Sitter?
bad .