An experience like Baby Genius can have certain effects on an average film buff.
You can be marked for life after seeing this petrified trash can, which is so horribly horrible that it can make you think about its Hollywood existence.
When I think of the writers behind this film, I imagine a piece full of monkeys.
The monkeys beat on their writing machines while scratching.
All monkeys combine their efforts, jump into a taxi and take the finished product from the city center to the director of the director Bob Clark.
The designated monkey explains the plot by jumping from top to bottom on Clark's desk while beating his arms and screaming.
The director seems deeply in thought, until he slams his fist on the desk and exclaims "I love it !!! '
The writing behind this project is embarrassing.
For your fun, I will explain the plot.
Dr.Kinder (Kathleen Turner) and Dr.Heep (Christopher Lloyd) are two of the leaders in the cold heart of the Baby Genuses Institute, where special studies take place.
As history says, there is an ancient myth explaining that babies (aged 2 and under) know all the secrets of the world of previous life experiences.
When they go beyond this phase, they become like any other toddler who drools.
Kinder and Heep want to unlock secrets using their testing babies, namely Sylvester (sly to short), who can enter or get out of a given situation so effectively that he would be at home in the teamImpossible mission.
There are so many bullshit derived from this premise, despite the fact that it is practically identical to the plot of look who is talking!
 (a much superior film in any league).
You can determine the quality of the film by examining the opening scene.
Sylvester broke out and managed to escape several security guards with his incredible intellect and Kung-Fu tactics.
Question: It is obvious that babies are super intelligent, but why can they fight like Jackie Chan ??
The adults of this film are furiously beaten by these young people in layers.
It is a shock when writers also lean just just to draw cheap laughter using the familiar formula Nome Alone by John Hughes.
I also found it disturbing that the babies of this film had an attitude and knowledge without end of the 90s, quoting many films and insulting their adult kidnappers.
The effects in geniuses (similar to talking animals in baby) are pathetic, publishing is a disaster and jokes are never funny.
The only reason why viewers can avoid vomiting is the argument that babies are "cute".
I guess they are.
I can admit I smile several times because the babies were cute.
Other cases, however, I was screaming with laughter due to the clever stupidity of the script.
There are support characters who have no personality; their whole existence is based on punch lines.
Peter Macnicol and Kim Cattrall, as a reluctance couple who adopted the twin of Sylvester, are both sheltered.
Again, I do not assume that an artist could manage uneven material without looking incredibly stupid.
Meanwhile, Dom Deleuse plays a man who is hit in the crotch with a monkey key (hahaha).
I would avoid baby geniuses at all costs.
Instead of looking at this, I recommended that you fill your cement bathtub and dive into apnea.
Or maybe you would plan to dive into water infested with sharks.
Everything to avoid this painful film.
The final line of the film, spoken by the Bratty Sylvester, is "if they think that I follow up on less than $ 20, they are crazy".
following?
Please have mercy.