Make your first feature film is not easy.
Assemble a decent cast, if not strong, like the writer / director Robert Moresoco did it with a king of eyes, and you are already ahead of the game.
But redigate old intrigue, a tired dialogue and a standard photo, and a well-intentioned effort like this could compromise your luck in a second feature film.
How many films do we need a difficult neighborhood full of friends for life has desperately turned to crime or worse?
The huge catalog of such films could dissuade a filmmaker from making another, but we have it here.
Again .
Five Irish children in the New York Hell's cuisine make an exaggerated pact on a few rings stolen on an anonymous roof.
with tearful music.
and slow down.
In the first scene of the film.
Children grow up to be adults without value, incapable or do not want to get out of the heat of the kitchen.
William Baldwin is at the top of the pack without any idea with a good heart looking at his friends and is tight with the local chief of the Assante Armand.
I would like to say that his character gets involved above his head in a kind of bla, blah, blah, but all that we seem to get is small tastes of possible intrigue points.
He is concerned about the mistreatment of the heroine of Buddy Jason Gedrick.
He gathers for Jim Breuer after having imbued the sister of the character of Baldwin.
He looks at who could push the most silly counterfeit cash (a really funny touch).
But none of this really represents anything.
It seems that the biggest concern of Moresco is to provide this intangible "slice of life", this flavor of the neighborhood that everyone has tried to evoke since the first work of Scorsese.
So, we get the drunk guys, hugging and singing together at the local bar, to prove to us that they really love each other.
 (People do they really do that!?)
We get a lot of difficult street speeches - generally mumbled for an effect - and many words F, whether it is as if it corresponds or not.
We also get a handful of good actors in small roles that seem to lack goal.
Bruno Kirby, Palminister Chazz, you know, the guys you saw in films like this before.
Assant is an intelligent cast like the man that everyone fears, and the performance of Baldwin is adequate, but most of the rest of the distribution jumps in the hard character thoroughly that it is almost funny.
Moresco, a theater guy and sometimes television writer (including the Falcone series), obviously worked on it, because anyone could a first child, but the content is probably too personal.
As a result, the style of the film is heavy, needing a considerable amount of ascent.
Almost every time an adult gang action remembers something they have made as a child, reminds us of MoreSco-the boy reminds us.
With slow dissolved to the previous scene, running at idle, with a dialogue of the present, just in case we do not understand the link to the past.
Moresco must either trust the intelligence of his audience, or have more confidence in his own presentation rather than fighting with him.
His next project should have a little more distance and much more subtlety.
If he really has this chance.
Examined as part of our coverage of the 2001 Boston Film Festival (to come soon).