I do not know who is the genius who had the idea of comparing the "disturbing behavior" with "Scream".
It is perhaps because they are both horror films (a little), the two have young hot stars, the two have a boring alternative soundtrack, and the two are intended for the crowd of adolescents, which, I suppose, include me.
But this is not the next online with the films "Scream" as well as the "I know what you did last summer" will soon be films.
He owes less to "Halloween" and more to Kafka and Orwell, who, in my book, constitutes a more interesting feature.
And it should have been.
It is essentially a new spare of "The Stepford Wives", the great film of the 70s that I have never seen with Katherine Ross and to treat, as I was told, with a bunch of women whoare programmed to be perfect housewives.
or something like that .
 "Behavior", with Katie Holmes of "Dawson's Creek", deals with a bunch of adolescents, deeply in anxiety, who are programmed to be perfect adolescents.
Tips.
Preppies.
In fact, at least for me, it will work, and with Scott Rosenberg, these full -minded penmemen who wrote things like "beautiful girls" and "things to do in Denver when you are dead" (as well as "conair"), it seems in fact that it can be removed with the right amount of fright and satirical spirit.
Alas, this is not the case, and that is embarking on this small group of films known as "The films with a potential that breathes the breath".
I remember a film entitled "White Man's Burden" which dealt with a reversal of blacks and whites in society which did nothing with its potentially brilliant premise.
Here is another.
This could be a brilliant satire about how adolescents must go through the anxiety of adolescents to find themselves.
It's a scene, and this film actually makes him.
He makes his message across and he does it effortlessly.
Now he just needs to work like a film.
What is not.
It is too sloppy and too artificial.
He paints a dark portrait of the life of the school ... then
Let him lie.
This brings us a bunch of frightening monsters which are all a bunch of disgusting kisses that make food training and drag in a restaurant in the 50s drumming milk ... so
Give a cheap touch: when they become excited, they become homicide.
Isn't it scary enough to be like that, and that the true terror of the city is that you could be the next one to be like them - not that you can be next to dying?
The film presents two three different characters who, at the beginning, are considered foreigners at the beginning because they are not (yet) part of this clique: the new kid, Steve (James Marsden - Terne Terne dull), who hasProblems at the home of his brother's suicide (Ethan Embry, in fast flashes so that you do not recognize him - I did it); the girl Renégat, Rachel (Katie Holmes,From "Dawson's Creek"), which is the main line of the personality is his prominent nose ring; and by far the most interesting child, Gavin (Nick Stahl, the child of "The Man Without A Face"),Who is the most interesting because he is the only character to have given a certain dimension.
In the best scene in the film, he presents Steve with each click, nailing the fetishes and the shortcuts of each, and it is the best scene in the film because it is spiritual, satirical and interesting - something that the rest of thisfilm is not.
Gavin suspects that there is something bad with the Preppie children, known as blue ribbons, and in the tradition of all conspirators, and even when he actually shows pure hard proofs to Steve, he n'is treated that like a typical delusional plot buff.
Here, we have another case of "The Idi Plot", where not only Steve could have done something about Gavin and what happened to him, but he may have saved this film from being the film Morne and dullThat he is without Gavin, who gives life and humor.
The only other character of interest in half is the concierge of the school, played by William S Adler as a delayed and scary guy who may not be what he seems to be ... but
Really, we don't care anyway.
I should probably not mention that it was achieved by David Nutter, which works for "The X-Files" because it would probably tarnish its reputation.
Like the show, it is good for creating strange plots and creating a general general sensation.
Most of this film is shot at night and with dark strange shadows for the scary maximum effect, and some work.
But what this film is not so good to go out with a good gain.
It remains too much inside, so much that when the characters go to a psychiatric establishment in the third act, you wonder why they do not come out of there.
I think what happens to Gavin is sufficient proof that there is something rotten in the state of adolescent anxiety.
What this film should be is much longer, much more colorful and much more scary.
If the best villain they can offer is an orientation advisor (played by Bruce Greenwood, a regular atom Egoyan, obviously trying to pay the rent) who always thinks he can get away even when most are revealed, so they need to detest a harder and more intelligent villain.
If he is so mean, then why two dense teenagers who could not understand that something was happening until it was not too late to find information about him in a few minutes?
The film, which lasts about 80 minutes, just needs to work on these things and to become much less botched.
To such a short duration and with such lame and boring characters, it is almost obvious that leaving this film leaves a horribly dissatisfied taste in the mouth, especially mine.