In the continuation of the Warner Brother franchise, Joel Schumacher managed to kill this milk cow.
What makes this film such a big disappointment is the huge range of talented people involved in the film.
The scenario of Avika Goldsman is a trigger so crowded that there is no suspense built from one scene to another.
This to come on the healing of a project as wonderfully written as "the customer" is a shock so much that he gives birth to thoughts that this last film was a stroke of luck.
Situations are developed and executed without thought of reason other than to pass the characters from one point to another.
This is most clearly excited by the appearance of the Batgirl of Alicia Silverstone, which happens to be the niece of Alfred.
The story of Dr.victor Freeze is almost completely informed in dialogue as a reflection afterwards.
While working on a remedy for a tragic death contracted by his wife, Dr. The gel is injured during a cryogenic procedure and becomes a man who can only survive in an under-atro environment.
Now, of course, he has become a terrorist determined to transform the world into a frozen planet where only he can live.
Now, the logic of this small sub -intrigue escapes me.
If Mr.Freeze wanted to find a remedy to his wife and bring her back from the edge of death, why would he want to make her live in a world without heat.
He is indeed a man with a cold heart.
The development of poison's ivy is no less contradictory.
She wants to raise a form of vegetable life that can defend herself as an animal.
She joins M. Greezer in her plan to start a new glacial period, destroying all animal life, giving her plant creations no reason to have the defense mechanism that she had tried to reproduce them.
The characters have no logic.
Batman is of course no longer the black knight of previous films.
Now that he has an adoptive son at Burt Ward / Robin, Bruce Wayne tries to be a paternal figure, constantly moving homes on the family and relationships, while not really having.
George Clooney tries in vain not to roll his eyes while reciting the dialogue that gave him.
To say that his performance is a worker is to be generous.
His best performances are always on "E. R".
Bruce Wayne has the most not very romantic evening with her girlfriend (played by her Macpherson), whom she questions the latent homosexuality of Bruce.
There is no spark and no passion (as there were for Nicole Kidman's psychologist in "Batman Forever") between Bruce and anyone other than Alfred.
And even this relationship is very reserved.
Robin stands out less charismatic than in the latest film in the series.
Now it's just a spoiled child.
In "Batman Forever", Burt Ward wanted to be Batman's partner and friend.
Now Robin suffers from an ego deficiency.
Robin's attraction for Ivy poison is not credible, with the exception of a boy around the age of 15.
His subsequent flirt with Batgirl feels incest, even if they are not linked in a traditional sense.
Chris O'Donnell, formerly considered a rising star, successfully burns the start of the school year with this performance.
His Robin does not need anything more than good spanking.
Less said about the performance of Alicia Silverstone, the better.
This talented young actress reads her lines with all the components of a dubbing actor for a Godzilla film.
It was strictly sunk for its commercial value and she knew it.
It brings us to the bad guys.
Arnold Scharzenegger crosses his share with all the concern of someone waiting on the day of the pay.
The most ridiculous scene is for Mr. Freeze's imprisonment.
The guards are at least one foot more than Arnold and yet falls into his hand in one of the most incredible fighting scenes taken from the film.
It is almost as ridiculous as to see Michael Jackson as a member of a gang.
Umu Thurman struts and shakes his way through his share, showing an increasing discomfort with his symbol of sex S Tatus.
His Ivy Poison has all the coming of May's sex appeal in "Sextte" (1978).
The only performance worthy of notice are Pat Hingle and Michael Gough.
These two experienced veterans carry their scenes with a dignity which is sorely lacking in the rest of the film.
Without going through the subtleties of the plot, there is a question that always comes to mind with this series (except for the first "Batman"), and this is how these super bad guys manage to hire as muchthugs to abandon them in the final coil.
M .Freeze is presented with a hockey team playing thugs that seem to have come out of an old Kiss clip.
Each villain (even minors) must take a look, no one can be an individual with a daylight painting on his face or a kind of elaborate costume.
With this film, Warner Brothers managed to demot the series to its television incarnation.
The only thing that is missing in the action scenes is the superimposed titles detailing prisoners of war!
Gwaaaa and Clang are associated with the old series.
You almost wonder if William Dozier, producer of the television series, collection of fees of this film.
The special effects (by John Dykstra) and the design of production (by Barbara Ling) are the main stars of this film.
And it is a case of extravagance in the pursuit of nothing.
Each set, from Ivy's Lair, The Batcave, with the hiding place of Freeze is defined with enough neon and fiberglass to keep the EPA in the paperwork for the years to come.
There is not a single set or a realistic set in the film.
Everything is defined for maximum exposure.
The special effects have this strange cartoon aspect that the most precipitated CGI effects have.
There is a tribute thrown by Dykstra and his team to Gene Warren and his work on "The Time Machine" (the scene of the growing plant), but these scenes are so deracted with a blatant color and art thatThey are almost obscured.
Joel Schumacher made the film without Flair.
The camera angles are poorly chosen spare configurations from the old television series.
The master blows point to the action scenes, destroying any flow of kinetic quality they could have had.
M .Schumacher is a good director.
Just look back on the films "The Lost Boys", "Cousins" (an underestimated film) and "The Customer" to find out.
But "Batman and Robin" presents himself as a director coupled for the TV movie.
The film has no style of individuality.
It is the cinematic equivalent of Jell-O, pretty to look at, but empty.
It is regrettable that this film, even with its surprisingly very high box office, managed to do what Warner's thought would do with the franchise.
kill him .
"Batman & Robin" by Joel Schumacher is noisy, colorful, wrapped and finally ..
boring .
stars .