It was said once to really enjoy some of the films or novels today, you have to suspend the disbelief.
However, there is a separate separation between opening your mind to ridiculous situations and believe a bunch of flat lies.
It is not surprising to learn that Huntingburg, Indiana (where the film is shot), has no McDonald's, a Sears store, a statue of a man on a horse, or even a nearby dam.
Even if you can ignore these somewhat white lies (even if the dam is crucial for the intrigue of hard rain); there are still a lot of things that do not frost.
First, Morgan Freeman, perhaps the largest living actor (after films such as Driving Miss Daisy, the redemption of Shawshank and SE7En), was interpreted as a Goon Spite the intention of stealing enough money for a retreathealthy.
He played the city's sheriff, an experienced and somewhat intriguing police officer.
While a massive flood launched by a dam accident exceeds Huntingburg, its residents probably flee as the water level increases regularly.
I probably say simply because we never know what happened to them; and it seems a little strange than a whole city (with the exception of some people who appear along the way) can disappear before the start of the'flood.
But the armored guard letters, Tom (Christian Slater), and his uncle carry three million dollars at the back of their van.
With a strong rain storm causing depressing conditions and slippery roads, it takes long for the van to be stuck among the mud and the water on the road.
Jim (Morgan Freeman) and a small gang of thieves locate the van and try to steal the three million dollars.
But of course, Tom is more than willing to save the day, so he takes the money and hides it elsewhere in town.
Local sheriff (Randy Quaid, most of whom will remember as the drunk pilot in ID4) and some police officers are investigating the situation, but their morality is quickly mastered by greed because each character is considering what he would do with their share of threemillions of dollars.
Director Mikael Salomon made sure that the hard rain ends up shooting everything, and although the film may first seem to be a final goodies against the bad guys, there are many twists and turns that make it a little more pleasant experience.
But when these interesting changes occur, it is far too late in the film so that they have a lot of affect.
The hard rain continues the corniosity and the lack of originality wash all the hope that the script could have had; and although it was a somewhat attractive cast, most of its stars act well below the peer.
Not at some point by capturing what could have been a fabulous battle on the screen between Slater and Freeman, we re -ministed on films that dared to do something different and achieve more than what was expected.
Titles such as Broken Arrow (Slater and John Travolta) and Face / Off (Nicholas Cage and John Travolta) come to mind as films that master silver screen confrontations.
Strangely, they were both led by John Woo and both Star John Travolta.
We can forgive Morgan Freeman for having given a slightly disappointing performance since he is new in the kind of action, but Christian Slater could have achieved much more if the quantity of shabby peaks had been reduced and a certain personality added tohis character.
If you had asked me if Slater could perform well enough to considerably increase a film before the release of Broken Arrow, my answer would have been a non -final.
I now know that he has no excuse, and I can do better (if you don't believe me to rent a Broken Arrow copy from your local video store).
Although Hard Rain has never really worked from the start, I felt that feelings of missed opportunity when the credits filled the screen.
The addition of an attractive sub-contained would have given the film It's time to breathe, rather than trying to grasp 96 minutes of action and disaster in a story that cannot manage something else.
Despite the fact that the difficult rain fails on almost all accounts, if your standards are low enough, you may find that it is a slightly pleasant film.
No creative flair and no inventive scene means that the hard rain does not resist its many competitors well, but that doesn't really matter because the last thing you would like to do after bombing about $ 8.to other films.