Take a look at the next equation ....
A Christmas Carol + Ghostbusters = scrooged
Yes, Scrooged is the strange mixture of feeling, comedy and horror that you would get if you mix these two Torhether elements.
Scrooged is alternately ill, rude, funny, then sickly soppy.
Bill Murray plays Frank Cross, an executive T.V with a horrible personality.
He is bad towards the secretary, the actors, the crew, everyone, except the T.The boss of the V station, of course (played by the late Robert Mitchum) however, he is then visited by a very dead leader, which warns the crossing that it will be visited by three ghosts, past, present and future (which is called the ghost to come, for any reason) of course, they arrive, show how an S.OBis, and he changes his way.
However, throughout this simple intrigue, we must suffer from bizarre special effects, bad comedy and a very, very nasty performance of Bill Murray.
Frank Cross is not "funny" bad, he's just mean.
It is not very good either in the emotional scenes and completely destroys the last ten minutes of the film, with a completely desperate speech saying how big Christmas is and how it has changed.
However, the support cast is OK, with good performance by Mitchum, Allen (who plays his girlfriend) and John Glover (who plays the "partner" of cross) the ghost of the Christmas past is not so badneither.
Unfortunately, however, the public must suffer from 25 minutes of style violence `` at home '' from The Ghost of Christmas Present, played by Carol Kane.
Whoever thought Kane hits Murray in his head with a toaster was funny, should be fired immediately.
And the public must also suffer from Bobcat Goldthwait (the guy with the boring voice in the Academy 3 police, if I remember correctly ...).).
Who, fortunately, does not say much.
The script is horrible.
Michael O'Donaghue produces terrible and bad taste jokes (which, I suppose, is really the point) then completely changes direction into emotional scenes.
And he must be on a drug when he has written the last ten minutes, which is horrible.
The special effects are beautiful, but do nothing for the film.
There are also impressive makeup effects.
The music is also good, which is noted by Danny Elfman.
But the big effects and makeup do not make an excellent film.
Scrooged is a lovely attempt to inject a certain Christmas spirit into the audience, because the first minutes of the film are so depressed anyway, and the last ten minutes had to compensate for this with a discourse of divinity.
Why did he not just looked out by his Exec window and ask a young boy to buy a goose for him?
Overall, then you would have a much better Christmas if you avoid this film as something that should be avoided (maybe a plague)