While we see the terrible events that take place before our eyes in the Middle East at the moment, Hollywood is not losing the opportunity to get involved, telling stories and expressing opinions.
This film focuses on a forged relationship throughout the adult life of two sea colonels, Hays Hodges (Tommy Lee Jones) and Terry Childers (Samuel L. Jackson).
They fought side by side in Vietnam, where Childers saved Hodges' life by pulling an unarmed prisoner of war.
It is contrary to the rules of war but understandable, in this story anyway, in specific circumstances.
Certainly, Hodges does not complain.
Years pass.
Hodges, whose injuries make him unfit for action, obtains a law diploma and becomes a marine lawyer.
Childers, is now a respected and very decorated hero who served his country with his life and Sad.
Due to his excellent record, Childers is sent to Yemen to save the American ambassador (Ben Kingsley), curled up in the embassy under the aggression of violent demonstrators and elite shooters who explode roofs.
Childers does what he has to do: evacuate the family and protect men under his command.
After three navies die and the colonel thinks that he sees shots on the ground, he orders his troops to shoot in the shooting crowd.
More than 80 Yemeni men, women and children are mowed.
Childers is immediately accused of having ordered his men of shooting a crowd and murder of unarmed civilians.
He persuades his old friend Hodges to represent him in the drama of the courtroom which occupies the second half of the film.
Has Childers violated U.S. Stegs of military engagement?
Or is there just no rules of war?
The answers to these stereotypical questions are obvious, but the incoherent intrigue immediately raises all kinds of other questions.
The murder of 83 "innocent civilians" must lead to something superior to a simple trial in the U.S. Where are the accusations of the Arab leaders?
Where is the U.N.?
The film ends without even telling the most interesting story: what is happening on the international arena?
This film (in a way similar to films such as "some good men") has already been accused of having violated the rules of morality and ethics and even racism.
These accusations are quite heavy, but also unfair.
What director William Friedklin really breaks is the rules of decent cinema.
One of the first apparent problems with "commitment rules" is its lack of credibility.
The whole operation in Yemen can remind us of what is happening in the Middle East at the moment, but is exaggerated, artificial and unrealistic - as if a chain of events should occur in a particular way for the intrigue toUnroll.
Much is so cheesy that no one could accept it as reality.
This is precisely why it is not offensive.
It is completely little objective.
Many stories are started and are never finished.
Many questions are asked, but have never answered.
Many parallels do not refer to anything.
It seems that neither the director, the producers nor the screenwriter can decide on the content of their film.
Is it the Arabic mentality?
America's foreign policies?
The role of America in the world?
Corruption in the upper circles?
And it continues, again and again.
It consists of countless stories, but not a definable plot.
He tries to be everything for everyone and ends up for anyone.
I think it's ironic, because the most acclaimed film by director William Friedkin was "The Exorcist" which had an idiotic story, but has become a fairly effective film.
In this case, you have a strong story with many possibilities and the result is an idiotic film.
Although several scenes have exposed the mark of professionalism (such as the impressive battle scenes), his latest film simply does not start.
I believe that Friedklin is a director who depends absolutely on large scripts and talented producers in order to succeed.
It is obvious that he neither has nor the other and the result is therefore a disaster.
The characters feel conceived, unreal, simply shadows, lifeless outside the conflict.
Even actors cannot prevent this film from passing.
Although Jackson and Jones act admirably, with performances as good as you get with a script like this, it is not something that these great actors can boast.
They have roles that they could play with their eyes bandaged with their hand on their backs.
Jackson is gray and Jones without interest.
The rest of the distribution, including Ben Kingsly, Blair Underwood and Guy Pearce simply await their pay checks.
The time has come for the verdict.
On the accusations of total lack of objectivity, I find this film guilty.
On the accusations of breaking the rules of reasonable cinema, I consider him guilty.
But on the accusations of racism, I find this film not guilty, because of its uncompromising and often stupid intrigue which lacks objectivity everywhere, not only with regard to the Arab population.
I must admit that the film is dangerously close to the line of racly offensive and I think that the scriptwriter Stephen Gaghan went a little too far, describing the Yemeni people almost like stereotypical Hollywood guys.
It is very sad, because at one point like this, it is crucial not to lose objectivity and to proclaim the truth.
However, it is absolutely necessary to remember that Muslim terrorists are responsible for most of the terrorist activity inside and outside the United States.
And that it is not a coincidence that you.