There are films that ask a question in its first five minutes and spend the rest of the time trying to answer them.
Then there are films that always spend asking questions and try to answer everything in the last five minutes.
The two days of director John Herzfeld in the valley fall into this last category.
Starting together an approach of apparently independent characters, Herzfeld tries very difficult to make the public guess with an altmanesque series of parallel stories.
The Lée hitmen (James Spader) and his Dosmo partner (Danny Aiello) broke out a guy in bed while leaving his wife drug addict Becky Fox (Teri Hatcher) elongated next to him showing the public where she was well stung.
An understandable shocked becky comes out of the house the next morning before greeting some vice-pricing (Jeff Daniels) and Wes (Eric Stoltz).
A murder is not a vice-territory, flirting with Asian prostitutes, but Wes prefers to play a curious detective.
Meanwhile, the faded director, Teddy (Paul Mazursky) is about to end his life.
But before he can do it, he must find a good house for his dog.
Enter the nurse Audrey (Marsha Mason), who takes the dog and the plush for a ride.
The suffocating art dealer, Allan Hopper (Greg Cruttwell) has kidney stones.
While fighting on his fantasy house, he switches between groans in self -pity and leaves it condescending indices on the simple appearance of his faithful secretary (Glenne Headly).
Do not be surprised if you wonder more than once what's going on.
You might like this feeling of detempression.
Herzfeld answers all questions over time and songs, all this quite well in the last five minutes.
However, the assembled puzzle is not surprising.
The characters do not have the stature or the moral complexity of the real heroes of Altman in shortcuts, even if they are interesting and funny.
It's funny, it's if you don't compare them to the tastes of Tarantino Pulp Chcaracters.
The link is well tidy but far from the clean resolution and the name of the director?
Guy who also made the last seduction) Red Rock West.
Two days is not a bad film, but there is not much other than the novelty of the script of the apparently independent character link.
It will make you guess well, but you will not remember the answers five minutes after the credits.
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.