Capsule: lesbianism examined in the same muffled and reverencial tones reserved for terminal disease.
A potentially interesting idea made stagled and boring.
Claire of the Moon is such an incredibly serious and sober film that I expected that someone sneezed, just to break the ice.
This is a perfect example of what my wife calls an S.F .e.
Film, where art.f .e.
So means F * * * ING.
Films like this need spirit and brewing to be absorbent.
Claire is a tense speech after the other, written with all the energy and the combination of a DMV clerk.
Claire takes two women, Claire and Noel, the two writers, and groups them in the same cabin during a retirement from a writer reserved for women.
Claire Wrights Light Comedy, while Noel is a learned authority on porn and sexual behavior.
Obviously, the two will have a lot to say, and for the one hundred and twelve minutes insufficient in this film, that's all they do: talk.
The film sets up its (microscopic) intrigue with obvious Bat-A-Dead-Chevalet.
Evening talks at the camp are chaired by a maternal type named Maggie, a self -proclaimed lesbian, and when Noel also has a lesbian, Claire seems to have been struck by a cup of wet sand.
The film then quickly degenerates into many scenes where Christmas looks at clear with meaning, and Claire looks in a reflected way by water.
 (UGH!)
The most astonishing thing about the film is the way people so intelligent can speak so much and yet do so little in their thick heads.
All of this, of course, leads to a complete inevitability scene: Claire and Noel, in a scene that should have arrived an hour earlier, because then the film ends without even the benefit of reflection on what has just beenpass.
We never get an indication of how it all changed anyone, only what they felt about things that have not even happened yet.
The problem with Claire ...
is not lesbianism as such, but the way it is managed.
Why is a "serious" examination (a better word would be an adult or at least thoughtful exam) of sex in a film almost always ends up producing a film which is unshakable?
The way this film deals with lesbianism, we could also watch an overheated docudrama on AIDS.
Many other films have used the same subject in a way a thousand times better - more engaging, more creative, more intellectually and artistically interesting.
Look at Lianna by John Sayles, or the flowering of the interesting and little seen desert; both have more life and dynamism than Claire.
What this film needed was a good quick kick in the pants.