Capsule: A morality in hand and at the end / underwritten play an entertainment game, if confused, he does not even know what he really recommends, if anything.
A time to kill was hailed as the best of Grisham adaptations, and it is easy to see why: it presents a strong story, almost cars; it is full of good actors (Samuel L. Jackson, Matthew McConaughey, Sandra Bullock,Kevin Spacey, Charles Dutton); and it is ostensibly on an important social problem with which we all get caught.
It is not a good film, however, and all the reasons that I listed above have something to do with why.
From the start, the film died by stacking its deck as completely and without possible representation.
A pair of whites from Redneck, kisses and drugged with their minds, kidnap a young black girl, mistreat her and viole her horribly, and leave her dead.
After their arrest, their father (Jackson) takes an assault rifle and pulls them on the path to the trial.
McConaughey is then drafted as a lawyer, and the rest is somehow strangely predictable on the film Courttoom.
The game is not quite what it should be, given the casting we have.
Sandra Bullock (who is a good actress but not serious) does not seem distrusted; the accent of Spacey lights up and extinguished at random (and he also gave a completely ungrateful role to play, a role without iota ofdepth); and the role of McConaughey is stamped from the box at the back of a box of cereals.
The most memorable role is that of Donald Sutherland, and his own.
I always consider him as an index of despair of a film when he is able to present shocking and bizarre events, and in a way, do not force them to generate an ounce of impact.
There is a scene - a riot outside the courtroom - which should have created incredible tension, but ended up playing like a manual exercise on how not to deploy a scene like this.
Because the film does not know what it really is, it cannot * generate authentic tension, and it must therefore artificially inject the tension thanks to an awkward plot.
One of the ways he does is to throw an entire sub -containment on a pile of vicious KKK cross burners - which is so well tidy that he borders the nihilist.
I remembered the despicable betrayal, which tried to penetrate a fundamentally empty story by injecting vile and graphic graphic acts as a little more than attention.
The film Immacte a huge amount of its potential by making some critical mistakes.
First of all, the character of Jackson is not difficult to judge; there is no tension in his dilemma.
It is self-admisable and should be sent to prison, regardless of the moral of its crusade.
The old man saw how no court in the country would condemn him, if he was white, is supposed to be the underlying theme of the film, but he has never become an organic component of history.
It floats in a way on top while the film clings furiously with its plot mechanics.
Another error is in the logic of motivation: by not making the two white thugs in charge - or perhaps tried and then returned to the lack of evidence, let's say - we have much less empathy for the character of Jackson.
I am probably supposed to think that just because he has raped his daughter, we are * automatically * supposed to feel empathy for him, but it is precisely the kind of easy thought that makes true justice impossible.
 (See the virgin spring to find out more about this note.)
Is the character of Jackson then just crazy?
This perspective also does not give terribly serious treatment.
One of the most aggravating things about Coutrom films is how little they seem to be on the functioning of the law, or how lawyers get their information.
The character of McConaughey makes an important cute at the end of the film, when one of his witnesses turns out to have been found guilty of a capital offense.
How were the proceedings On obtaining this information?
How is it that he did not understand it?
The way these questions are dealt with is symptomatic in the way of the film to manage complex legal and moral questions with Salam-Bang Scripted bang cheap.
This is the biggest problem: the film does not concern the character of Jackson, or his dilemma, or this case, or one of his characters (often interesting despite the writing and the pig management).
It is ultimately a question of nothing at all, except its stupid plot towards the stupid, which rises in a banal scene after the other towards a completely artificial end.
At two and a half hours, the film is too long and radically crushed: there are endless things about things that end up adding anything, and no writing on the material that should really have any importance.
Everything is by hand.
The closing argument is also devious and sneaky, and underlined my suspicion that the film is manipulative and unjust.
It's not easy to make a film about something.
The other day, I saw the phenomenal raspberry of Kurosawa, a film that really concerns the way people manage the truth and reality (or not).
A time to kill is such an empty and heavy film as I have seen it for a long time.