For those who are interested in the true spirit of the creation of films - or what remains in the film Hollywood consumer public - which are star vehicles are terrible things.
As a rule, the general principles of cinema are not made to advance the media but rather to advance the career of a particular actor.
An actor could be chosen on the top and the top to give him an exhibition; where he could be chosen by going down to give him a pay check.
Generally, however, the actor does not matter, and the soldier, the last of the besieged Warner brothers, illustrates this: the image lacks pizazz.
The star of the vehicle in this case is Kurt Russell, otherwise known as the man of thirty words or less.
Russell embodies Todd, a human formed from birth in the ways of conducting war and becoming emotionally distant from the carnage he transformed.
The film allows us to see this degenerate process, but at the start of the plot, we are in the last years of Todd.
It is about to be replaced by a new breed of soldiers, those who, instead of being trained * from birth, are genetically selected * before * birth.
The pride of this class - Caine 607 (Jason Scott Lee) - will be our villain, and you know that he is the villain because he has a look at our hero near the start of the film.
Between the two prospects, a lower inferior dialogue page is spoken, and it is possible to imagine a script which is eighty percent of the steering.
Director Paul Anderson, who directed the glacial thriller of last year, Event Horizon, shows no inventiveness here and rather let the actions be played on the ad nauseam screen.
Todd, after being replaced, is left to die on a garbage planet; but in order to stretch racing time, the bad guys return to the planet of garbage on a "routine patrol" and have prepared the ground for the pencils.
The events are predictable from the moment the configurations are made, and neither Anderson nor the screenwriter David Peoples are trying to show creativity here.
The facet of the most boring intrigue is the reason why the whole film has become: Todd does not show physical superiority against Caine - in fact, even Todd and two of his companions can not best - butTowards the end of the Filmil shows remarkable prowess with automatic weapons.
It is not as if Todd underwent changes of important characters throughout the intrigue of history, and therefore the intrigue has a very canned feeling on this subject.
The best road through this catastrophe is to take it light in the mind and to treat it as a parody of typical action rate, like Universal Soldier.
A strict interpretation, however, reveals a lack of style, class or undoubtedly and unforgivable substance; and by next year, a large percentage of people who saw it recorded it from television to network.