Shakespeare in Love is probably the most pleasant time piece ever made for the silver screen.
He is both humorous and romantic in a very unique mix that can succeed in entertaining any audience for almost 2 and a half hours he occupies.
However, it is not to say that it is a good film, quality production or anything.
Shakespeare in Love is an incredibly cheap illusion which is really going on to be very little quality or an original work.
The best sign of this can be the intrigue, looking back, there seems to be a little more than a slim and predictable plot which is only carried by the representation of the people we would venerate in our history books.
Philip Henslowe (Geoffrey Rush) has one of the 2 theaters in London.
He is at the top of the era of the Royal theater, and Queen Elizabeth (the recently Dammé Judi Dench, rightly by Queen Elizabeth II) is really a fan.
However, to cite the film directly, he has "cash flow problems".
Thanks to a long series of events, it becomes obvious that all his life depends on his next show which is doing well enough to repay his debts.
Thus, Mr. Henslow uses the young playwright, William Shakespeare (Joseph Fiennes) to write comic production.
However, the young writer has a serious case of the writer's block and blame him that his love life is also in difficulty.
He has the title in mind, Romeo and Ethel, the pirate's daughter (even this joke loses speed after a while) but does not seem to put words on paper.
Then, as only Hollywood could have it, through a long set of twisted events, he meets Viola de Lesseps (Gwyneth Paltrow) and fell madly in love, thus healing the block of his writer.
There are many other little problems that Mr. Henslow meets, but they all take place to be many knots about nothing.
The first awareness that I have reached by watching this film is that one of the messages given is that a show should not always be credited with its author.
Ironically, it couldn't be more true here.
The major scenes that will sweep the public are not the scenes that adapt in the plot, but rather the recitals of the Shakespearean lines by actors playing actors.
One of the most breathtaking moments of this film does not imply the character of Shakespeare or Queen Elizabeth or even the owner of the theater, but rather 2 young children named Romeo and Juliet who have chosen to end their own livesIn the name of love.
It is therefore that I am offended by the fact that Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard are credited for having written this production, and the name William Shakespeare is not visible beyond the name of a character in the credits.
The game in this entertaining but poor film is often slim to the point that it would not have survived even in the theaters of Queen Elizabeth.
Joseph Fiennes is perhaps the worst in the fall.
He is tragically incredible and comically bad.
Gwyneth Paltrow is also a little more than satisfactory in its head position.
However, the support cast saves almost the day.
Geoffrey Rush is simply incredible and Judi Dench is breathtaking.
They both seem to have shown that as proven players, they could survive in this film of weak links.
You will also find a very good performance by Ben Affleck in his first real role since the Good Will Hunting (no, Armageddon does not qualify as a real game.).
And Rupert Everett was also cute in his little game.
But even they could not save this sad excuse for a film, so it remains in the grip of poor performances.
When everything is said and done, Shakespeare in Love is only worth the fact if you want to entertain yourself.
However, as the film highlighted so kindly, entertainment can be fun, but it is not necessarily of quality.
And it is certainly not quality.
Maybe it can be better compared to a novel by John Grisham, because one of my dear friends often compares things to his work.
In other words, he is wacky, bad craf Ted, but very entertaining.