Synopsis: The quarter-rescue Moxxon becomes the quarter-Arrière halfway through his last year of high school, even if he preferred to read "Slaughterhouse Five" as the game book.
Moxxon's book of evil football throws Moxxon's book, however, while the doctor of the evil team injects pain relievers into players.
In the meantime, Moxxon's little brother forms a cult, and a cheerleader-apple minimum in Bond Bubblegum tightens the cream to seduce the new star quarter.
Comments: Since I generally review horror and science fiction films, I feel a little out of my league to discuss this football film for adolescents.
 (Voluntary word game.
THANKS !)
Varsity Blues was produced by MTV, and it really can be seen.
Several prolonged scenes allow a continuous soundtrack of mediocre pop songs intended to appeal to the teenage male public for which the shit was intended.
Teenagers all have reasons for their melodramatic anxiety.
Adults all have problems, of course, and, as one -dimensional characters, they are all masked fanatically by the way their local high school football team occurs.
Yes, this film represents secondary life to MTV-Land.
This is a field where your health teacher is also a part-time stripper, your ice cream with ice cream has an Egyptian ankh around her neck, your gamin brother forms a "cute" cult, your football coach is aCrazy insensitive and obscenic, and the life of your friends consists only of being fucked and driving in naked cop cars.
All you, as a main character, want to do, is to read "Slaughterhouse Five" and attend Brown University in the fall.
Well, at least it's a little more realistic than "The Real World" by MTV.
The stars of the university blues James Van der Beek, the Teen TV star this week making the jump on the big screen.
He plays the adequate way of the Hick Moxxon, although a part of his emotional dialogue will make people laugh.
 ("You don't have my life!"
Who would?)
Jon Voight, the Guy of Evil in countless other films, is, surprised, the guy of the villain of stock here.
But is it really bad or is it a product of society?
After all, everyone, young and old, in this film has no life and does nothing more than the darkness of the football of the school.
Perhaps the pressures of the 90 howling fans on the football field led the evil coach Kilmer Evil.
The film script never answers this burning question.
Sometimes the story of Iliff shows glows of touching or humorous scenes, but, before the public had his hopes that there could be something buyback in this film, they are ransacked with another long sequencefestive or overworked football game.
The rhythm of the film is slow and the plot is obvious from start to finish.
I guess I'm a little hard on the university blues.
Maybe I'm just a little upset that I had to pay 3 dollars to see it, even if it was a dollar night at the cinema.
Something about a studio request made more money in the theater.
I found the film often ridiculous and boring.
Three guys in front of us introduced smuggling beer into the theater.
I would have liked to have thought about it.
Alcohol, a lot, may have helped the viewing experience.