Any remake of an Alfred Hitchcock film is at best an uncertain project, as illustrated by perfect murder.
Frankly, Dial M for the murder is not one of the greatest efforts of the director of the director, so there is enough room for improvement.
Unfortunately, instead of updating the script, returning some of the faults and accelerating the pace a little, a perfect murder has inexplicably managed to eliminate almost everything that was worth it for dial m for the murder, leaving behindHe wreck almost incomparable deun potential thriller from the 90s.
Almost all suspense films are loaded with the implausibilities of the plot.
The best thrillers keep the viewers sufficiently involved in what is happening so that these logic defects only become apparent long after the turn of final credits.
Unfortunately, in perfect murder, the faults are often so manifest that we take them aware when they occur.
It is a very bad sign.
Not only do such events break any suspension of disbelief, but they have the clever viewer looking for the next error.
Of course, in the case of perfect murder, at least that gives a public member something to do in addition to focusing on the stupid intrigue and life -free cardboard characters.
Perfect murder is not a strict remake of dial m for murder, but he borrows a lot from Frederick Knott's play (which was also the source of the Hitchcock version, as well as a 1981 story for television).
Emily Hayes (Gwyneth Paltrow) is the rich wife of the powerful Wall Street mover, Steven Hayes (Michael Douglas).
Their marriage is not going well - Emily wants Steven's control instincts and, as a form of rebellion, she has a liaison with a penalty painter, David Shaw (Viggo Mortensen).
When Steven learns the relationship, he decides to face David, but his approach is not that of a typical cuckold husband.
Instead of shouting or threatening, Steven offers David a proposal too good to resist: for $ 500,000 in cash ($ 100,000 before, the rest after), he must enter Steven's apartment in New York and killEmily.
 (Of course, after having obtained the first payment, David never cares about asking him how he is supposed to obtain the rest.)
In the end, I do not know which of the three main characters to whom we are supposed to be sympathetic: the husband in a cold heart, who wants his wife to be dead so that he can get her hand on her fortune; her mercenary lover, which is ready to act for half a million; or the woman, which contains with pleasure an extramarital affair.
Not only are these individuals all deeply hated, but they are not interesting.
 (It is possible to make a good film with detestable characters - See the dogs of the reservoir - but there must be something convincing about them, which, in this case, there is none.)
Steven, Emily and David are all raised directly from the 101 scenarios manual on stereotypes.
The actors of this film are obviously at hand to obtain their pay checks.
Michael Douglas plays the kind of heartless magnate that he can do in his sleep - he is Gordon Gekko with an unfaithful woman.
Gwyneth Paltrow, who was recently delicious and attractive in sliding doors, is simply horrible here.
She now has the dubious distinction of having played in two of the worst thrillers of 1998 (the other being silent).
at least Viggo Mortensen (g. I.
Jane) has a little fun with his part, but he usually does interesting things even in bad films.
The slim support milk includes David Suchet, the star of "Poirot", as a police inspector, and Sarita Choudhury (Kama Sutra) as Emily's best friend.
Perfect murder is a production that generates almost no suspense from start to finish.
There are not many twists and turns in the unexpected linear script, which makes the end inevitable almost from the start.
It is surprising to see the director Andrew Davis, the M One behind the fugitive, involved in this mess, but, like his stars, he also needs to earn a living.
It's just that Hitchcock again, and hurting it so much, hardly seems to be an honorable way of making the dough.