The first in a very long list of things that are not going with "I always know what you did last summer" is the title.
Think about it for a second.
If the last film was called "I know what you did last summer", shouldn't the next film be "I still know what you did two was two"?
If someone working on this film had an I.Q.
More than five would have logically thought and said: "Hey .....
wait a minute " .
But alas, the people behind this film are obviously idiots, so I will not hold them to that.
What I'm going to hold them is the fact that they have a pretty bad film on their hands, even for a teenage slasher film.
I guess I am one of the rare criticisms that somehow loved the original film (the accent on the "kind of").
It was not great or anything and maybe not even good, but at least it did not make me look at my watch every minute about it as if it were the continuation.
There are so many problems with this film that it is difficult to try to understand where to start.
First of all, I suppose, the parameter.
The film offers no rational reason why the film had to take place in the Bahamas, apart from the fact that the producers wanted a frame by the sea.
Exactly why does the fisherman want to review all the problems to fuck a radio competition to get Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt, one of the only survivors of the first film) and his new college friends on the islands before themTo hack?
The film suffers from this type of logic throughout.
In a scene, Julie is in a tanning stand in a deserted gym when the fisherman hung with the Slicker enters and seals the stand so that the young lady in distress cannot go out, no matter how much she tries.
When Julie discovers that she is going to put herself slowly to death, she shouts for help and her friends come to her rescue.
Now everything is fine and dandy except for one thing; instead of spending five minutes trying to open the stand, why not just deactivate the bizarre thing?
In another scene, one of the characters, after having their other significant other, except beheaded by man in the Slicker, said to Julie: "Don't tell anyone that he liked all the time."
Oh yeah, I have just been terrorized by a sociopath brandishing hook and I had some of my best friends horribly slaughtered, but hey, I'm going to make jokes anyway.
After all, it's in the script.
The only graces of backup of the film are some well-executed suspense sequences and a really cool cameo from the "Reanimator himself, Jeffrey Combres.
It brings good comic relief and a good life to a movie otherwise soft.
Well done, Jeffrey.
I have an intuition that the reason why this film sparkles while the first kept at least his head out of the water is the recent absence of the writer Kevin Williamson.
With "Scream" and even his suite, he posted a real talent as a screenwriter.
His ear for dialogue and the great ends he puts on all his films make him a star of all the other horror writers, and I think that "I always know" has really suffered from not having itedge.
The cool atmosphere is still there this time, but I just didn't like the characters or the writing as much as in the first.
Even if the film has not Williamson, it always has an end hacky, trying to do what Kevin did with the first two "Scream" by (some can consider it as a spoiler, but if you have seen films'Horror, then you should be able to guess the identity of the madman in the twenty minutes) having two killers and, this time, a family member to the other.
I think someone in the audience said the best when, after the film ended with another "The killer is back!"
Cliffhanger, he said "Who is the grandmother this time?"
Overall, "I always know" try to succeed in the first that the film was, but really fails in the attempt.
I mean, it's okay N Slasher films stop, but when they start to copy themselves ...