Synopsis: A rogue from the small town convinces a student of the lycée in playful to spy on his girlfriend, who keeps three unruly children for their alcoholic parents on Friday evening.
While this happens, the thug, the father, the boyfriend and a child reaching the start of puberty all have fantasies on the baby-sitter.
Comments: To say that this film is bad would be an understatement.
I do not know what the writer and director Ferland hoped to accomplish with the baby-sitter.
suspense ?
Family drama?
Humor?
erotic?
Elements of each of these genres exist in the film, but he cannot successfully make any of them.
Instead, La Baby-Sitter is a dull and lifeless film that manages to disrupt and ultimately irritate its viewers.
I guess this film could have been regardable without the fact that the characters are universally unattractive.
Alicia Silverstone is completely wasted by playing Jennifer, the baby-sitter.
His character has absolutely no depth, and his only goal in the film is to be the object of the fantasies of other characters.
Everyone in the film seems to be in competition to see who can look at the lowest level at the end of the film.
Parents are alcoholics that become more and more unpleasant as the film takes place.
The father (played by J. T.
Walsh) fantasy on the baby-sitter; the mother fantasized about her husband's best friend.
None of these fantastic sequences, believe me, are not things that must be seen, but we see them anyway, with crazy saxophone music and makeup.
The thug, in the meantime, proves that it is bad thanks to its boring habit of breaking the beer bottles half empty suddenly and without apparent reason.
The most absurd character, however, is the boyfriend of the Baby-Sitter who seems to be covered catatonic.
The thug, in a manipulative way and Iago (although he does not really need to try), manages to ensure that the boyfriend had drunk at the frenzy, smoking grass, fleeing the copsAnd playing Tom's gaze on his own girlfriend for a few minutes.
amazing !
 (Of course, the original friend's original plan for the evening was, try not to laugh, sit in an empty restaurant and read the recipient in the rye by J. Salinger.)
If the objective of the baby-sitter was to be suspended, then he fails.
There are surprisingly few times stretched in this film, and almost all arrive at the last minute.
At that time, however, the public is so tired of stupid characters that no one cares about what happens to one of them.
No suspense occurs either in dream sequences because each of them is obviously a dream sequence since its creation.
If the baby-sitter's objective was to be humorous, it also fails.
I did not find anything even at a funny distance about the parents who base who sometimes seemed to play for laughter.
If the baby-sitter's objective was to be dramatic, then, once again, he fails.
The characters are unidimensional and without interest.
Finally, if the objective of the baby-sitter was to be titillating (the type of film intended to be infinitely played on HBO at 2 am), then it also fails.
The dream sequences are not erotic; they are too short and, apart from a very short scene, contain no nudity.
I can't completely throw this film.
About the first 10 minutes vaguely look like an interesting film, and the conclusion features a fight halfway off.
The other 79 minutes, however, are a brake.
The character of Silverstone, at the end of the film, turns to his boyfriend and asks "What were you thinking?"
I asked myself the same question, after spending 99 cents to rent this turkey.