The 1989 "Major League" was a delicious surprise.
I did not expect much when I decided to look at it on the cable, but it turned out to be fresh and funny.
However, when the attraction of a film is its freshness, the consequences are practically guaranteed to be outdated.
This is certainly true for "Major League II" and the most recent entry, "Major League: Back to the Minors".
The title is, of course, a contradiction.
Shouldn't that be "Minor League?"
This contradiction suggests the lengths to which the writer / director John Warren went to tighten a third film of the formula established by the first film.
The original stars Charlie Sheen and Tom Berenger (who returned for "Major League II") are not there, leaving Bernsen the only original headliner to make the third film.
The other veterans that come back (Dennis Haysbert as a Voodoo Cerrano inspiration and Takaaki Ishibashi as Tanaka, which was presented in "League II") seems to be just to give legitimacy to the company.
The only member of the distribution that produces laughter is Bob Uecker as a announcer of Radio Harry Doyle, inexplicably broadcasting the matches of a team of minor leagues far from their lawn at home.
This time, the protagonist is retired from the launcher Gus Cantrell (Scott Bakula), who is hired by the owner of the Minnesota Twins, Roger Dorn (Bernsen), to manage the AAA team of Twins, The Buzz.
You can write the film from here: he finds a group of misfits who need to learn to play together as a team to win.
There is a future superstar whose ego prevents it from growing up (Walton Goggins), a former ballet dancer (Kenneth Johnson), an old outstanding stopwatch (Thom Barry), twin championships appointed Juan (the Triplets Difilippo)And a couple and a couple tingling with launching problems (Judson Mills and Peter Mackenzie).
Along the way, Gus picks up Cerrano and Tanaka (Gus is supposed to be a former teammate, even if he was not in any of the previous films).
Total sum: none.
The whole company is artificial and the distribution is not ready for Hollywood majors.
The Gus antagonist is the director of twins Leonard Huff (Ted McGinley).
Leonard is a shining little selfish and spoiled, and the twins are lazy, spoiled and full of themselves.
 (Even watching the first film, I was wondering why a real team would lend itself to being caricatured in this way).
Gus challenges Leonard in a match, The Buzz vs. The twins.
 (Do you want to guess who wins?)
 "Back to the Minors" is a film that has no reason to exist.
There is little laugh, the casting is weak, and the first film has left no room for a single continuation.