Can a horror film really be called a horror film if he has no fear, suspense or even strange elements?
I don't think so, but that's what corn children 666: Issac's return wants us to believe.
The sixth episode of the horrible and worn series is by far the worst to date.
Unlike the other five chapters, the children of corn 666 are a confusing and brain -free thriller who takes the path of psychological horror rather than a slasher horror, but anyway, none of these films is the least scary.
The film follows Hannah (Natalie Ramsey) a teenager looking for her mother in Gatlin, Nebraska, on the eve of her 21st birthday.
What starts as a girl in the desperate research of her lost mother for a long time turns into the story of Hannah being the first daughter of children of corn, who roam the fields of corn in search of adults to assassinate.
This is almost everything that is understandable in the film, because after having learned as much, Issac (John Franklin) who led the children of corn in a previous chapter, now an older and strange man, seeks Hannah to realizeHis prophecy.
And it's supposed to have a meaning.
Really .
From the start, the film is not clear where it goes, without developing characters or throwing details of concrete route through the table, constantly introducing new characters without personalities or the slightest index of individuality and subcontractedwho have nothing to do with what is the main objective of the film.
The film lasts at 78 minutes, but it seems that it is more close to two hours, because the dark and slow stimulation makes the children of corn 666: the return of Issac excruciatingly boring.
The intrigue holes are everywhere in the incredibly horrible script of Tim Sulka and John Franklin, because nothing is accomplished or clear when the film reaches its conclusion.
Everyone and everything involved in corn children 666: Issac's return, namely writers John Franklin and Tim Sulka, as well as director Kari Skogland, should crawl under a rock and hope that nobody seestheir horrible waste of waste.
The essential: horrible, horrible, horrible.
Another attempt to revive this worn genre falls flat.
And what is this title?
The devil has nothing to do with this film.
Let us pray that it is the final in one of the worst series of current films.
One of the worst horror films for years.