This is the film that could alone "Mystery Science Theater 3000" of cancellation.
It is one of those films that is so bad that he is absolutely hilarious, due in large part to his big star, the model Cindy Crawford.
If you only remember one thing about Fair Game, it would be necessary to prove to itself that Crawford should stick to the problems of swimsuit Sports illustrated.
If you thought Kathy Ireland was laughable in Alien de L. Un., You will change your mind when you see a fair game.
Ireland would gain Oscar handles if it was its only competition.
In a real casting coup, Crawford plays a super intelligent lawyer (in a jogging bra, of course).
We all know that it is a section, the only legal opinion that Crawford has ever advanced that it promotes the death penalty for anyone who wears white after the Labor Day.
Nevertheless, someone there thought that she would do a good lawyer, but we remember her real function in the film when she takes two showers in a period of twenty minutes.
And for you, excited adolescents, you can see her naked breasts for two seconds in the dark ...
Come and think about it, it may have been a double body.
Cindy Crawford is not black, right?
As I said, Crawford is a lawyer with a group of Russians after her.
Billy Baldwin (or is it Stephen?
Alec?
Adam?
Kim Basinger?) Is the police detective who must save his life, over and over again, Chase After Chase, explosion after the explosion.
There is absolutely nothing original in this film.
It is each cop emission from the 70s mixed with each action thriller from the 80s and all the technological films of the 90s.
Three decades of shit in a single place, pushed further into the ground by the total lack of talents of Crawford actor.
And everything is completely predictable.
You know that the errors that Baldwin and Crawford will make before you do them, you know when the "sexual tension" will finally end up consuming the relationship, you know when the bad guys will capture Crawford for Baldwin must save it in Leclimax and you knowthat the film will suck from the first scene.
The plot is not really explained until the end.
All we know is that these Russians have all the details on Crawford on their computer.
According to one of the bad guys, "we even know what size of tights she carries."
 (Yeah, you and all 14 year old boy in America.)
He continues by adding: "We know more about her than she."
 (_That_ I find it very easy to believe.)
I hope you enjoyed these two examples of dialogue quotes, because I wrote a lot of other bad ones ("If it was not for me, you would always get bananas from your ass in Cuba!")
Because, you see, Fair Game is not only a showcase for recycled action clichés and the terrible game, but also a really bad dialogue.
All this is added to a really terrible film that made me laugh in many places that I was not supposed to do and grimace in places where I had to laugh.
Another thing that Fair Game has against this is a horrible comic relief.
Do you want to laugh at a scene where Crawford Torture A computer's bustle with double hearors like "I am very interested in _hard_ware" and other bullshit to play with his joystick?
I wouldn’t do it, but not because I’m a computer breech.
It's just not funny.
Crawford's only contribution to the information era is some GIF floating files with its head on a body of naked traci ...
Or was it Jack Lord's body?
I will leave you with the last line of dialogue in the film.
The boat with all the Russians has just exploded and Baldwin and Crawford float on a lifting raft.
Crawford says wood: "It was my client's boat that you just exploded.
I file a prosecution against you.
You have big troubles, "or something for this purpose, and Baldwin responds with sufficiency:" What should I do to get out? "
They of course start to create a and the roll of credits.
I'm not going to talk about the stupidity of the line or how, if they really wanted to opt for a bad fence line, they would have asked Baldwin to say: "Do you think I could settle out of the court?"
But I will tell you that, if someone suggests you to watch a fair match with him, you quote the last line of the film to this person: "What do I have to do to get out?"
Serve America for more than 1 / 50th of a century!