As you should know, this summer was only a memorable.
With a total of 4 decent films, it is not surprising that these big budget failures continue to appear.
That said, you can almost predict what my opinion will be on the "13th warrior".
The film is based on the "Eaters of the Dead" by Michael Crichton, in which Ahmed Ibn Fahdlan is banished from his country for having looked at a woman of a king.
After Tarveling for several months, he comes across a gang of Norsemen, who are forced to choose 13 men to protect a city from mythical monsters who travel in the fog.
Thus, they start to pick men and are left without 1, so Ahmed is chosen.
So far, it seems interesting, right?
Not when all this takes place in 15 minutes.
After that, they mainly run to kill.
This alone shows how a script is necessary for a film, because once your story presented, you have the rest of the film to start developing it.
Obviously, this is not the case here.
Even if you enter the film while waiting for an adventure full of action, you will be disappointed.
Since the whole action takes place in the fog, it is constantly difficult to see a scene clearly because of these circumstances and the bad camera work.
Can men from the camera not sit?
I would really like to watch a film in the home, but again, they failed to deliver it.
The film continues indefinitely until the moment, when you can worry about everything except the popcorn you eat.
With a cheesy dialogue, that the characters make fun for a strange reason, a script that is not going, boring sequences of action, a predictable end and the worst of all the weak characters, there is practically nothingLove here, except perhaps set conceptions.
It is the only thing that honestly attracted my interest.
When I heard that John McTiernan, the director, wanted his name to be kept from the project, who made me wonder why?
Well now I know.
Crichton's greed has forced McTiernan to modify its finished product, which led to a large argument.
What is there to discuss anyway?
The film could not be saved, it doesn't matter how much they spent or broken.
Seeing films like The Haunting and Big Daddy earn money, I would not be surprised to see "The 13th Warrior" will become a success.
Please save me and save your money at all costs, otherwise you will be lost in fog, like the film itself.