"Some houses are born badly", goes the haunting slogan, to which I have to add, "a few films too."
Nothing less than the hiring of a new cast, a more literate screenwriter and a new director could have saved this tragically erroneous adaptation of the meritorious novel of Jackson.
The haunting is late in summer dreck too smooth to be frightening, and her apparently endless flow of digital cunning and scary Ooky sound effects are not as afraid as the public in submission - the film is like aRube Goldberg crazy machine to shout at Shout "Huer."
Nell Fragile (Taylor), Bisexual Theo (Zeta-Jones) and Smiley Luke (Wilson) are three insomniacs who meet at the Hill house deemed to be possessed for a prolonged study on sleep disorders, organized by Professor Marrow (Neeson).
Marrow secretly collects data on their respective paranoid responses to its recount of the dark history of Hill House.
It is not prepared for the very real appearances which terrorize the crew, Nell in particular, which has an ancestral link with the former inhabitants of the Manor.
Taylor is completely unbearable in his first big budget advance.
To begin with, its constant expression of the Dour sucks life, even of the first scenes, when we are presented to the manor and to all its fun exhibitions.
His character is supposed to be depressed, having treated an unloved mother for too many years, but Taylor plays Nell as supernaturally lame, alternatively grumpy, mopey, wiggy and pathetic, and I kept wondering why the other characters n'did not just abandon this.
As for the obscene Zeta-Jones, she breaks through her scenes with a wink and a smile and takes the landscape with her.
Unfortunately, she is struggling with some of the most unlikely dialogues that the scenario has to offer.
Home Theo's assessment?
 " I love it !
A kind of Charles Foster Kane meets the munsters. "
Who would he be said that instead of "Citizen Kane meets the munsters"?
 (In addition, could you spend a single night in a house that suits this description?))
The two actresses are better than Neeson, who seems embarrassed to be part of this set (and for a good reason), and his character is most bland.
As Luke says, Dr.Marrow draws the old "academic and commutian bait" on his subjects, but he broke down and admits that the second he is accused.
Later, he risks his life by climbing in a ruined stairwell to save Nell (it is fun to hear Neeson screaming "Nell" several times, given his main role in the Jodie Foster vehicle of 1994 ofsame name).
Why was this pleasant, helpful and redeemer researcher so absent from ethics at first?
The haunting was well designed by Eugenio Zanetti.
His sets are detailed obsessively, and even before the CGI puts himself in play, they seem alive, never quite yet.
I have an ox with this aspect of production: the real mansion used in external plans, the Harlaxton manor of Nottinghamshire, is so vast that it is difficult to believe that Nell and Company, no matter what extent theyDo ghosts and goblins, always finish in places that have been established in Act one, as if all the action had been confined to a wing of Hill House.
Eighty million dollars were spent on the obsession, and despite the beginnings at the box office, I doubt that he will recover his costs (including marketing) at the national level.
Thank you Jan de Bont for that: proving for the third time that the speed was a stroke of luck, in that it was actually pleasant, from Bont served another walk, without thrill.
Its images, well lit although they are, were undoubtedly undoubtedly this quality; in fact, whole sequences, not to mention the camouilled and airy ghoul which has the culmination, feels lifted with a showMuch smarter and infinitely more pleasant of three summers back, the frightening of Peter Jackson.
I do not mean that De Bont is a plagiaire, I means suggesting that he is a hack, having found no new ways to give us chills.