Let me start by saying that it is easily the worst film in the whole official (and even unofficial) series by James Bond.
It is so full of auto-parody and idiot characters that you will almost believe that you are looking at a parody.
An omen of what is to come is provided by the pre-credits sequence, a boring affair features a confrontation between a man (it is difficult to give a better description because no mention of him is made elsewhere in thefilm) and the Latitre assassin.
A song with terribly terrible lyrics follows, and the rest of the film is even worse.
The intrigue may have been a pleasant change compared to the usual rule of the world so often found in James Bond films in the 1970s, but here we get a confused mesaval about a legendary assassin, Francisco Scaramanga(Christopher Lee, setting up a performance which is one of the rare savings graces of this film) to whom someone has apparently paid a million dollars in order to remove Roger Moore's 007.
There is also a fragile connection with the energy crisis and a missing solar cell with 95%efficiency.
It is as much a waste that it may seem.
Bond is "helped" in his task by Mary Goodnight (Ekland), whose character could not be closer to the stereotypical bimbo.
During the film, she was locked both in a cupboard and a car trunk, errors around a control room accidentally triggering a laser and is useless to improve the plot.
Maud Adams (later to play in Octopussy) is a much stronger and useful character, but she barely presents in the film.
Scaramanga’s lackey is a dwarf called Nik-Nak, who rightly so is the most silly henchman in the series, serving as embarrassment and weak dialogue to equal measures.
Worse, it's an almost total lack of action throughout the film.
There is only one combat sequence about fifteen minutes (not to mention a ridiculous scene where two teenage girls have beaten several dozen martial artists formed - another attempt at erroneous humor).
The continuation of the solitary car may have been a highlight, but "the action" is interrupted on a frequent basis by a Redneck sheriff (J. W.
Pepper, played by Clifton James de Live and Let Die "Fame") shouting stupid comments through the passenger window.
He is easily the most irritating character in a James Bond film.
Even his presence could have been bearable by one of the most impressive car waterfalls in cinematographic history, a 360 degree torsion loop jump on a broken bridge - could have been, except that someone had the'Idea of nicknamed a whistling tone mocking during the final print.
In addition to this debacle, the whole end of the film is an anticlimatic sequence in "Funhouse" by Scaramanga.
The only good thing that came out of this film was that the producers had to make the next film in the series (the infinitely superior "The Spy who loved Me") a great film for the Bond Survive franchise.