One of these days, I will make my promise to never rent another film Abel Ferrara.
Despite the King of New York and the Body Snatchers (and the bad lieutenant are only able to see one emotional view), his exploitation films fell into a hut of Hoary art trappings.
It is a visit bathed in perfume and tabricated at the coke at the shabby pornography store, where beautiful models (no, prostitutes - no, courtesans) guide you through silk curtains.
Ferrara's only constantly intelligent movement has been to launch Christopher Walken again and again, because Walken can make a good film and a lasting sustainable film whenever he is on the screen.
His 8 -minute scene in dependence is the saving grace of this otherwise appalling, inaccessible and pretentious failure.
When he starts talking about his vampiric stools, or wondering that Lili Taylor has ever read a naked lunch, there is a very necessary dose of humor in a differently funny case.
Do you know these children of the Gothic club who are too cool to smile and let you know that they really have fun?
Dependence is this film.
Walken, unfortunately, does not appear in the power failure.
The central role of Matty, a Junkie film star whose Hollywood life of Lightning among the beautiful people inevitably leads to its destruction, is played by Matthew Modine (who takes what he can obtain after Cutthroat Island).
Like the protagonists of the terminal cultural elite of Michelangelo Antonioni, Matty is involved in a bitter "relationship" of the pill with the mannequin at the Haut-Mode Annie (at least I think it is a model.)
The Lady of Matty is played by the French actress B? Atrice Dalle, arrested twice for possession of cocaine during the filming of the electricity failure - not that you need to know it, but that gives credit to theIdea that Ferrara's work was filmed in a fucking breakdown.
No kidding .
Requiem for a Dream has nothing on Junkie's presentations seen in Ferrara films and its controversial urban lifestyle.
Matty and Annie struggle to have her decision to have an abortion without consulting him.
There is no doubt, he had chased the dragon.
In his despair, Matty engages in a weekend of debauchery induced by chemicals, in tools in the streets of Miami with the Video filmmaker Mickey Wayne (Dennis Hopper, in complete "Dirty Ol 'Man" mold models on theass and telling them to spread their legs.
wider!)
Towards the end of the night, they collect a teenage waitress also named Annie (Sarah Lassez), start to shoot an improvised sexual scene in a hurry, then Matty is fortunately zero.
Something happened that night that haunts it throughout the rest of the film, and that's exactly what you think it was.
It is enough to say, there is a certain confusion as to what he killed Annie One or Annie Two, or someone at all.
The power failure is typical of Ferrara: no intrigue to talk, a lot of raunch and horribly vogue images of Matthew Modine going down a bottle of Jack Daniels and a beer while wrapping in a transparent curtain in hisHotel room by the sea, Parla Mer, by the beautiful sea.
The director of photography Ken Kelsch finds an incoherent glory in the alternation of magnificent sunsets Picturne with Sleaze in Docu style (and we are back in Dennis Hopper Leering at Girls in swimsuit.
 " Yeah ! ! !
Yeah !!!
Arrrghhh! "
said Mr. Hopper.
Dirty sod.)
It is a compulsive vision in a sticky way, leading to a ridiculous culminating point where Modin takes control of her destiny.
How is Cryptic?
Do not be afraid - Ferrara finds the time of a complete female front nudity to remind us of what it is.
I can take a picture now.
 "Remove your clothes, Kid - it is essential to represent the inside maelstrom of my central protagonist, and you are its visual identifier.
You are the soul, the heart, the blood circulation of the image.
to remove !
removes all !!!
Hahaha! "
Vampire friggin.
Yeah, you, Ferrara.
A last word abo UT Matthew Modine: He is actually a good actor when he is properly sunk, but there is something too grumpy in his behavior.
It is ideally adapted to sarcastic men in closely controlled situations, such as its private joker in the whole metal jacket or the nelasse of the time bomb in shortcut (which is just as superb as Julianne Moore in this famous scene, although nobodyseems to notice).
[Was he in this scene?
-ed.]]
Here, he asked to leave everything lying around, sporting a three -day thatched thatched and an oily fringe.
He throws furniture like Stanley Kowalski, but in a way.
Modin does not have the wild intensity of Brando, entirely sheltered in the Ferrara flesh fair.
Best luck next time, Matt.
One day, you will be forgiven for Cutthroat Island, which was not really your fault in the first place.
Maybe Atom Egoyan will find a place for you somewhere, and everything will be good again in your world.