Land: A girl in the backwards between exaggerated models and falls in love with an awkward guy but loving on the other side of the street.
aaaaaaaaah!
Then one day, she sees him hitting a woman upside down with a baseball bat.
OOOOOOOOH!
She must then join her friends to find out if this guy is really clumsy but loving or a psycho-tale.
aaaaaaaaah!
Critality: completely silly.
Okay, so maybe I'm a little too nice.
This film begins stupid, enters the ridicule and ends up obtaining his idiocy diploma.
here is
More like that!
And how can you ask?
Well, it's really simple.
Four of the most stupid stereotypical models in the world (Oh my God, I just discovered that the actresses playing the parts are models in real life ... Yipes!)
Join Monica Potter (in a role that can only be described as an obvious cry for help) and Freddie Prinze Jr. (not the actor, but the character better known as Freddie Prinze Jr.), in aConspiracy so stupid and eccentric, that you must ask yourself once again, how it is shit by the Hollywood Bigwig.
This thing stinks to a heave at high.
It is simply embarrassing for all the people involved.
I even felt my IQ drop below its usual lowest when the humor of the toilet was making a way in this so-called romantic comedy film?
UGH.
What a stack of dung.
Hey, I'm starting to look like Harry Knowles a bit here, but I guess I could see where his frustration comes from time to time.
It's truly sad.
A film that actually had a lot of people in my audience by laughing at their idiocy, including the "over-used people who hide in the bathroom while someone else enters to take a shit and apet ".
And how about this stupid blonde model that continues to run in things.
Pure hilarity!
Or maybe I'm just too jaded, too critical, not relaxed enough to enjoy this piece of the plush ... Uuuhhmmm ... naaaaah !!
This film sucks the big one.
It is suffocated with stupid characters offering a stupid dialogue adapted to an absurd plot.
This is the kind of film that has a character inserting another character in a car head the first on the ground only because ... well,
It's supposed to be funny, you see?
You see, this person then has his legs swinging on the face of the other person while driving and who distracts the driver, seeing, well, it's a bit funny, right?
Haromph ... Yeah,
Really you
Get the photo!
Anyhoo, Freddie Prinze Jr .... Nuqueux
said.
Monica Potter, a bad career move, but we could forgive you if you continue the piece of Julia Roberts.
The rest of the girls models ... well,
Thank you for being there, so I had something to look at, but please apologize to the whole modeling community as a whole, to make them all complete fools !!
So why the three underline out of ten, can you ask?
Well, it's really simple.
One point goes to the Russian model girl and this cool accent (do not ask me why, but that in fact excited).
A point goes to all model girls to be in the film (beautiful window decoration ... Natch!).
And a final point goes to the manufacturers of this film, which spared us all sorted history, and made sure to give us the opportunity to leave the theater after only 90 minutes of manufactured waste, so that we can exhaust ourselves as quickly asQuick that we can, catch the next person we see walking in the street and warning them of the devil ... Freddie Prinze Jr ... I
Bad, head for the heels.
You have been notified, good people.
PS: Didja noticed how I didn't even mention the rear window once in my whole opinion?
I did not want to hinder the memory of the classic film by making him pronounce next to this thing, but again, I just mentioned it, but I suppose that it does not count in the PS section ... or
Is it?
Ooooh, whatever ... I have a headache!
 (I think my brain arrives b Ack in life)
Where does Joblo come from?
10 things I hate about you (7/10) - Coyote Ugly (6. 5/10)
- towards you (6. 5/10)
- Save the Last Dance (7/10) - It is all that (6. 5/10)
- The wedding planner (4/10) - You have mail (5. 5/10)