"Meg Ryan is irresistible in the comedy that celebrates the brotherhood!,"
Shout the television advertisements to "hang up", disastrously written by real sisters Delia and Nora Ephron and led by Diane Keaton.
Make me laugh again!
Not only is "hanging" is poorly rendered, because the film is concentrated with all my heart on the sister in the middle Meg Ryan and gives him two co-stars, Lisa Kudrow and Diane Keaton, a little more than extended cameos, but they do notdo not bring together before the finaledix at fifteen minutes.
And we are supposed to believe their strong link and smile in the last scene when they revive their difficult relationship, although they are separated during the majority of operating times?
Excuse me, once again, while I almost made a intestine break this really delusional notion.
Eve Marks (Meg Ryan) is the sister in the middle of Mozzell, still living in the city of California where she grew up, and with a husband (Adam Arkin) and a pre-adolescent son (Jesse James).
His elderly and lively father, Lou (Walter Matthau, in his brightest performance for years), has recently been put in hospital, in the last stages of what I suppose is Alzheimer's (even if the film does not enlighten usNever exactly what's going to do with him).
While Eve's relationship with her mother (Cloris Leachman) is almost nonexistent, because she was exhausted on Lou and her children years ago, she had her just part of the ups and downs with Lou, whowas alcoholic.
Her older sister is Georgia (Diane Keaton), editor of the eponymous magazine, "Georgia", while Maddy (Lisa Kudrow) is the youngest, a soap -acting actress.
Interestingly, their professions are given, but we do not see them once working at their work, or, moreover, by learning a lot about them.
Maddy, Georgia and Eve no longer see themselves, their adult life causing them gradually, but they manage to speak regularly the phone to each other.
And they speak.
and speak .
and speak ...
In fact, the phone is the major star of the film, even more than Ryan, as it appears in almost all the scenes of this interminable 92 -minute disaster that looks like its three hours.
If you are able to pass through the half hour of opening, in which the phones ring so much, you want to jump through the screen and bring them a hammer, you will surely survive the rest.
The question is who would like to submit to this leg-back leg and its resolutely irritating file?
How is a comedy drama that does it have the star power of Meg Ryan, Lisa Kudrow and Diane Keaton be so bad in so many different ways?
The problems of the past involving the possible jealousy that everyone has for one of the others is mentioned by an extent, but the film is not mature enough to face such a thing in a thoughtful way, and since we are n'Let's learn almost nothing about their childhood, it is a lost cause that does not present itself as a reflection afterwards.
In addition, it is planned that the spectator quickly catches up with the delicate dynamics that the three sisters have with each other, but no dynamic metamorphosize.
And when they come together in the final, all their in -consanguinity is reduced to a boring three -minute repellent scene in which they argue like small children.
You can see imminent death at a distance mile, and this occurs conveniently in the next scene, so that the three can quickly reconcile with themselves and with each other.
You think of yourself: "The only thing they have to do is have a fun food fight", and like Clockwork, this also occurs by the end credits.
Meg Ryan is a versatile actress (does not seek no further than "Hurlyburly" or 1994 of 1994 "when a man love a woman"), despite her various detractors who obstinately believe everything she can do, they are romantic comedies.
With "hang up", the only thing she has to do is completely separate H Er Filmmaking Lies with Nora Ephron, a writer / director / hack who should not be authorized to work again in Hollywood after this big budget and high level debacle.
Even if she knew that what she did was not exactly up to the quality department, she is nevertheless very good, and the two scenes that work, flashbacks at Christmas 1988, when she had a heartbreaking raceWith his mother, and Halloween 1993, when Lou crushed his son's birthday party in drunk stupor, is effective because of the realism that Ryan brings in situations.
Diane Keaton, as Georgia, is better as an actress than director here, but she is an extremely weak compliment.
What is more than a little eccentric is that Keaton is much older than Ryan and Kudrow, although in the very brief glimpses that we get them as a child, she has no more than fiveyears of Ryan.
Yes indeed .
Finally, poor Lisa Kudrow was again wasted in a company on the big screen, after its even thinner role in "Analyze This" from 1999.
Kudrow does not have enough time to create a full personality with Maddy, so it is not her fault she does not register before a few moments of calm sprinkled throughout what she really had the chance to'have a dialogue.
If anything, however, Kudrow is a real talent, and I look forward to the next time that she sees herself more deserving of her time, as in her work as a caliber with the Oscars brilliantly nuanced in "The Opposite of Sex"in 1998.
If you are a fan of Kudrow's (and who is not?), Do you make a favor and rent this jewel that puts more well in Kudrow in sixty seconds than "hanging up" is in its entirety.
As a worker husband of Eve, Adam Arkin is, predictable, wasted with a role that gives him almost nothing to do, until a secondary intrigue turns out to be halfway, never to be mentioned again.
Cloris Leachman, as with Ryan and Matthau, makes a little impression but notable with her, although, very brief, while Edie McClurg, as a pink cheeks woman, Lou had an affair in the 1988 Christmas flashback, managesOne of the due to the members of laughter in this production otherwise without joy.
Almost all the emotions displayed in "hanging up" are obviously manufactured, and despite the film that the spectator cares about the characters, apart from Eve, why would you like when they are all spoiled frogs?
If, for a bizarre reason, "Twilight Zone", you find yourself in a cinema showing this film, my suggestion would be to hang up before the end of the opening credits.
To say that it is a waste of time is an understatement of the epic proportions.