Here, I sit on my computer about to write my criticism of the recent action comedy "Bait" with Jamie Foxx and David Morse.
This is a criticism that I do not even want to write because I would just make the same criticisms as I would do with any other piece of sofnture and predictable-that is to say the piece of Hollywood down.
If they do not give us, the public, just a little credit and put something with half a question, why should I waste my time and my mental energy to criticize it?
Last summer, I adopted this same approach with my review of "The Mummy", in this criticism, I have just mentioned my criticisms of other sub-part films.
I think I will do the same here, but with a few less quotes (not all of them are applicable).
I hope this will show you what I think of "Bait" and why you can discover everything you need to know without having to make a wild supposition.
It is really funny (me, and the other members of the public laughed only once during the two whole hours), without originality and not launched.
It is not so bad to the point where it is fun to look because of his wickedness and it is not so bad that you hate him and is painful by looking at him, it is just such a cliché in itself,that, uh ...
lost my thought.
Anyway, here are these quotes, take advantage of it!
 "Attracting the attention of an audience from the start plays a major role in the functioning of today's films.
We want to have something exciting to look at, not a slow accumulation of a story (God does not like it!), And this film plays directly in the hands of the general public ... "
- "Armageddon" exam.
 "It is clear that the film does not want to waste time on reality and therefore the attempt to establish plausibility (the most minimum quantity required) appears as a half effort.
Support characters and sup-shaded are introduced, but as is the case with the films made up of a mass distribution of characters, only a handle have a real meaning ...
There is a fine line separating a tribute from plagiarism ..., "- Revue de" Godzilla "(1998)
 "Unfortunately, as is the case with most modern thrillers, once the film has shown a potential for authenticity and intelligence, pictures and action sequences take over" - Jackal Revue".
The Chad'z film page is back after a strong renovation.
Critics of almost all traditional films playing today!
Get my reviews about everything that played in your local cineplex so that you can better make an informed decision on what to see.
Do not forget to vote on my survey and sign the guest book!