These days, people have a fairly short attention and almost nothing can satisfy them in the long term.
Nostalgia for the 1970s is already wearing, and now people are more and more interested in the 1980s.
A few years in the future, the early 1990s will be considered the next golden age of nostalgia.
However, I doubt that people will be very nostalgic for Hollywood products of this period.
One of the reasons would surely be films like the National Lampoon 1 weapon, which, in many ways, symbolize the biggest problem in contemporary American film industry - lack of originality and ideas.
Being done as a kind of parody on the series of deadly weapons, this film combines two l. Un. Police - Jack Colt (Emilio Estevez), alcoholic cop burn -out on the edge, and Wes Luger (Samuel L
Two of them, following the murder of the former Luger-party, must face the mortars general evil (William Shatner), Lord crime which will flood the cocaine market hidden in the cookies for wild girls.
The authors of these films (including the director, Gene Quintano, worked on projects such as the third and the fourth suite of the Academy police) lacked any original idea before undertaking the projects, and this is reflected in theIntrigue, the characters and, even the original lines.
The intrigue, or what is happening for the intrigue in this film, is nothing more than a series of gags that make some popular films made in recent years laugh (outside the series of weaponsMortals, this film "Borrows" Son Lead Female by Basicinstinlet).
The best gags are, as with many other similar films, shown in the trailers.
The rest just doesn't work.
Only those who looked at a lot of Hollywood products during this period laughed.
Others would probably grimacted with humor lameness.
Some would be entertained by celebrity cameos that appear from time to time.
But, in the end, spending the time and half in front of this disorganized mess of a film simply is not worth the effort.
The film was sometimes criticized to be the parody of a series that already had strong connotations.
The authors of Lethal Weapon made the favor using the Charaded Weapon 1 joke in their fourth suite.