The King and I, an animated musical characteristic of Warner Brothers, recycles the classical history of a woman who challenges the heart of a king, with obvious results.
When Anna (Miranda Richardson), a British teacher, went to Saim to educate the King's children (Martin Vidnovic), she learns that the king is unjustly treat his people and must say something to the gourmet sovereign.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister of the King (Ian Richardson), the bad stereotypical, plots to overthrow the king, taking the throne.
The last and most predictable, the main sub-contort deals with the King's son (Allen d. Hong), and his love for a servant, Tuptim (Armi Arab), and how he is in conflict with his feelings and the oldlaws of Saim.
Even the only strong character of Anna cannot save the incredibly horrible talented waste, because the problems of the king and I could fill the virgin pages of a newspaper.
I will only note the main difficulties, because it would take pages to develop on each detail.
The scenario, written by Arthur Rankin, Peter Bakalian, Jacqline Feather and David Seidler, who is based on the play written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein, has some of the worst dialogues written in a film in recent memory, because each time Lele RoiOdious cried, "etc., etc., etc.," I creak teeth.
literally .
Speaking of hits - I did a lot of that during the rather short film, which is a classic display of a terrible filmmaker.
In addition to the king's repetitive dialogue, overall, the songs seem moved, and unlike the words, are impregnated.
The only song that is used intelligently is "Getting to Know You", which is used as Anna shows children the great spaces to which they have never been exposed.
Unlike Disney's animated features, King and I are not added to the film and are as ineffective as possible.
Take the following scenario as an example, because the horror of the king and the music of me is at worst.
You are hunted by a dragon!
what are you doing !?
Sing a happy song!
Martin Vidnovic expresses the king effortlessly or emotion - do you hear the two negatives do not make a positive?
Believe it!
With the terrible dialogue that the king has, with his horrible piece of voice, the king is completely incredible, shows only slight signs of any personality, and the only thing that changes in the king is that he says "etc.,etc., etc.
No personality at the start of the film, none at the end.
And where changes the personality of this character?
Hey, I thought that Anna was supposed to change it!
Isn't that the plot?
The Prime Minister's hideous acolure (Darrell Hammond) also brings its share of hits - Oh no!
Another of his teeth fell!
Hardy-Har-Har!
He is supposed to make laughs for kidlets, but even at the age of five, I would have grinned teeth looking at him.
By the way, this criticism takes place, you may think that the reasoning of my hatred for this film is due not to like animated films - that's why I hate this film, because the king andMe is a shame of animation.
Animated films, such as The Lion King from 1994 and The Prince of Egypt from 1998, are among my favorite films of all time.
The animation team designs its share of very lively parameters, which facilitates the end of my boring king's mind, until I realize that that day and the night decreases in fourth position in seconds.
I have not read the play, nor seen the 1956 1956 cinematographic adaptation of 1956, but from what I can say, the scenario for the 1999 version completely mouth the room, for the king and I is notNever magical or interesting.
If it was not for Miranda Richardson, who expresses Anna with the feeling, the king and I could win the title, "Worse film of the decade".
Instead, the king and I are simply going to fall as among the worst of the year.
the bottle OM Line - Avoid this film at all costs.
Even young children, the target audience of this film, will not appreciate it.
Not the slightest piece.