Hollywood never fails to surprise me.
Whenever I think these little coked buges have touched the bottom of the rocks; they offer a new excavation tool.
I was really convinced that the "Wild Wild West" scored the 1999 studio cinema to its most unhappy, but then comes "end of days" to prove myself the opposite.
This big budget apocalyptic thriller and the dead brain unleashes its audience with overworked music, macabre violence, Gogo explosions and many cheesy special effects.
the result ?
Nothing but groaning and yawning.
Even the devil himself is unable to produce a decent fear in this inept festival.
At the very least, the "end of the days" should have made us the courtesy of being a nasty still good, but that cannot even manage this.
It's just ugly.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, always recovering from heart problems and "Batman & Robin", plays an ex-fop that has become a security guard or bodyguard or something.
With his compulsory comic rescue partner (Kevin Pollak, pretending to be the character of Chandler by Matthew Perry of "Friends"), he is involved in a supernatural hoodoo of the major league.
It seems that Satan (Gabriel Byrne) only fits into world domination once every thousand years (and here I thought he had succeeded with the republican landslide of '94).
If he has sex with Christine York, 20 years old (Robin Tunney), "the elected official", their child will be the Antichrist, or at least a kid.
Ah, but this agreement has more captures than a new year pass in a transitional house.
The impious union must take place on December 31, 1999 (you see, 999 is only 666 turned upside down), but only between 11 am.
And if the elected official is refuge in a church, the devil will not know where she is, because he cannot see in the sanctuary.
You know, it's a bit like the vision of Superman X -rays and the main walls, only evil.
A group of Catholic Guerrillas' priests decides that the best way to stop the situation is to kill the girl.
Arnold chooses to save the girl and launch the hell of Satan, if you forgive the expression.
And Kevin meets a van that explodes and must make his own decisions.
Oh, anxiety!
Oh humanity!
Oh, writing!
Andrew W. The script for Marlowe launches an improbability on invaubility, from the histrionic of another absurd world to his manipulation of the cane of Jericho, the character of Schwarzenegger.
Cane begins the film at Mel Gibson in the first "lethal weapon", preparing to put a weapon in his mouth due to the discourage in progress on the murder of his wife and daughter.
Twenty minutes later, he flowed through the bowels of New York, deciphering clues that Sherlock Holmes and Kreskin would find confusing.
When Cane meets Christine York, he instantly passes into Fath mode Figure Terminator, the young woman serving as a substitution girl.
In case someone is missing the connection, the camera arrives for a close -up of Christine's music box, who happens to be identical to a person belonging to the daughter of Cane.
Subtle, marlowe, subtle.
Speaking of cameras, the director Peter Hyams is only the man to take the Marlowe script and make him even more important, troubled and boring.
The management of Hyams shows all the subtlety of a GWAR video, with a cane that performs a glove of ridiculous action sets, punctuated by large explosions.
Eager to satisfy Arnold's main public, he even throws in a few pairs of breasts.
which guy .
The film had delivered decent fears, or even maintained an always disturbing tone, the explosive shot?
The cast is just as ineffective.
In his first scenes, Gabriel Byrne tries to invest Beelzebub with panache, but he turns too early into another standard monster.
Kevin Pollak comes and goes who Ckly, Robin Tunney presents himself as a basement of good business Winona Ryder and as for Arnold, well? He is a best actor than Casper Van Dien.
It should count for something.
Back following "The Exorcist" and "The Omen", the Swill supernatural as "end of the days" could have passed the Mustter as B-Film.
But that was at that time and it's now.
 "The X-Files" and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" deliver real fear every week and, if we want to see the devil, all we have to do is return "The 700 Club" and throw a stroke ofEye to Pat Robertson'ssouring the Maw.
After having endured "end of days", all I can say is "to put myself behind me, Satan.
And while you are there, also get a better agent. "