A disappointing biography on the homosexual relationship of two famous French poets of the 19th century.
The film managed to suppress all the poetry of poets and rather focused on their abrasive personalities.
The result is simply an academic exercise, leaving an emotional void on which he could not rely to show them as the poets they were.
On paper, this should not have been so terrible - he had a talented director at Agnieszka Holland ("The Secret Garden"), a scriptwriter experienced in Christopher Hampton (dangerous links) and a capable distribution.
But the film was directed by its incompetent scenario, the unattractive way of the film was directed and the bad caese of Leonardo DiCaprio as Rimbaud.
I found that his performance was the most laughable in the film, with him acting more like a teenager kid than a young genius, gushing observations without giving a clue that a real poet is behind this facade.
Above all, he looked bad because David Thewlis as Paul Verlaine looked so well despite the turgid dialogue pushed to him and how thin.
But when the two were together, it looked like a gap.
Leonardo's rimbaud did not make what to appear the young petulant and raw poet, but we know of the poetry of Rimbaud, that he must have had something for him because his poetry was impressive.
The film opens in post-revolutionary France in 1871, Rimbaud, 16, sent the symbolist poet established Verlaine a letter with his poems.
He accepts the praises and the invitation of Verlaine to be invited to his splendid house of Paris, and Rimbaud leaves his farm in the Rural Charleville.
Once there, Rimbaud is disappointed with the house of the bourgeoisie, has an immediate conflict with the woman with big breasts of Verlaine, Mathilde (Romane), and finds her regret that the drunk Verlaine loves his rich wife for her body andthat he lives and that he tits his family, even if he has nothing else in common with them.
When Verlaine says, "poets can learn from each other," replied Rimbaud in a haughty tone ", only if they are bad poets."
He will continue to treat the older poet like dirt for the rest of their relationship.
Verlaine turns out to be weak, regularly beating his wife and plays a character as despicable as Rimbaud.
When Mathilde's father launches Rimbaud out of the house, Verlaine finds him in a maid and both become in love.
It is a real side to see this story take place in a series of unpleasant behavior models from the two poets, which leads them to travel together and to Mathilde to ask for a divorce.
In Brussels, Verlaine is arrested for sodomy and spent two years in prison.
While Rimbaud is angry with the literary world and never writes another poem after it becomes 19.
Rather, he goes to North Africa and became an adventurer and a fireman, and after ten years, returns home with a knee tumor and died a man changed at the age of 37.
The desperate relationship between the two is what the image covers in detail and it was not very satisfactory.
The film ends with a groan ... with
Verlaine speaks with the sister of Rimbaud of his brother and the poems he still has, that the sister wants to destroy so as not to embarrass the family or to ruin the name of her deceased brother if he is published.
This film was particularly boring because Rimbaud's poems are filled with a visionary tension that is not even tackled in this film, because the film only brows the surface of these poets and completely ignores the value of theirpoetry.
I have no idea what the filmmaker was trying to say in this film, but anyway, it simply did not work.
This certainly did not bring light to understand what Rimbaud meant for modern poetry and why he acquired the reputation of so-called father of modern poetry.