Films on adolescents and the culture of adolescents are rarely interesting, entertaining or convincing, because of a fundamental reason: the films are made by adults and not adolescents.
Sometimes, however, films like Say Anything, Dazed and Confused and The Breakfast Club will break the mold and offer a real overview of the life of these bizarre creatures that surround us called "adolescents".
I can't just wait, however, don't do so.
Instead, Harry Elfont's writing / realization team and Deborah Kaplan manages to take each cliché? Found in the teenage genre, completely delete it from perception, intelligence and spirit - and transform it intoOne of the most nauseating cinematographic experiences to which I have never been subjected.
I cannot wait follows a group of characters while attending a party at home on the night of their secondary school diploma.
The main characters are stereotypes so perfected that no analysis must be provided to understand them perfectly: there is the medium preston masculine protagonist (Ethan Embry), the queen of the ball and cheerlead girl Amanda (Jennifer Love-Hewitt), the football star Mike (Peter Facinelli), the white rapper Wannabe Kenny (Seth Green), Computer Geek William (Charlie Korsmo) and the Overseas Brainy Denise (Lauren Ambrose).
I could not bear any of these characters.
Whether William get drunk and sign with Heavy Metal songs or Kenny proclaiming "Yo, I must have sex tonight!",
All that I could think of was how Elfont and Kaplan may have managed to give photos of ten million dollars to finance their film.
Apparently, I cannot just wait is supposed to be a comedy, but it tends to fail in this regard because of the fact that it is not funny.
In all honesty, Elfont and Kaplan should be forced by their employers to take catch -up lessons in humor.
And when I say "forced", I think.
They should be attached to a chair and have your eyes stuck open in a similar way to Alex in an orange of clocks.
This is how they must desperately be educated on the concept of humor.
For example, I cannot just wait has a student in exchange who is invited to repeat absurd statements such as "I am a sex machine".
For any reason, Elfont and Kaplan believe that if this character repeats enough, it will ultimately be funny.
If only Elfont and Kaplan could recognize the irony that they really paid to make this garbage - now it's funny.