John Carpenter manufactures films B.
A always ("Halloween", "Escape from New York", "The Thing") and, by appearance ("they live", "escape from l. A.," "Vampires"), will always do it.
Carpenter's latest horror opus with a science fiction source (or a science fiction outing with a horror of Schlock Bent) is the "John Carpenter Ghosts of Mars" by John Carpenter "(in case, I suppose, you went to get "Ghosts of Mars" from someone else "from someone else").
Like all these films prefixed by the very possessive "John Carpenter's", "Ghosts of Mars" is a film B without shame punctuated by a B-Film intrigue, B film actors and B-Film special effects.
In category one, above, we have a script that borders the idiot (and sometimes chaotic).
The dormant Martians (I., the swirling red gases) awakened by the interference of humans have the souls of the unfortunate mining settlers making them of the sosies of Marilyn Manson.
All of this explained (in flashback) to certain big advice from Pooh-Bah by the police manager Martienne Melanie Ballard (Natasha Henstridge, under "species" films), the only one returned to an idiot.
The Ballard officer entered to bring the criminal imprisoned "desolation" Williams; what she found was not a nice image.
In the second category, we have ms.henstridge, her blond hair fell well and awkwardly in a ponytail, ce cube (like the name of "desolation" appropriately), Pam Grier (briefly, strangely - who wanted to workWith whom I wonder?), And a crowd of crowds of extras all assumed that the story and the special effects were going to wear this film and that they did not need to try too hard.
In category number three, we have, in addition to these swirling red gases and the silly train, a few birds' views of a sprawling Martian metropolis (also reddish).
The special special effects have never been a frame of frame and once again the writer / director (who seems to have no problem finding work) does not waste any of the film's budget in this department.
 "Ghosts of Mars" is a lock, laughter and barrel All your standard carpenter dishes: terminal interiors, congested exterior, insane dialogue, lots of leather, marked extraterrestrials, crazy appearance and a lot of weapons.
The film often explodes and always in war without warning - spontaneously, stupidly.
Carpenter might like to think that he made a Westerner here, but he is a Westerner without real heroes, nasty or border conflicts.
These are just shootings less a whistling snake.
I never thought I would miss the guy but I do it.
It is not * everything * the same thing, however.
Nicknamed the "wonder to a note" for its minimalist music soundtracks, Carpenter seems to graduate with a simplistic score (however effective) by highlighting his action with a work of noisy and screaming guitar.
Fortunately, this drowns a large part of the dialogue.
The final exchange between Henstridge and, Er, Cube is both audible * and * invaluable.
Mars has proven an infertile reproduction ground for Hollywood in the past year, with the stillborn "Mission to Mars" and "Red Planet" (with Val Kilmer).
 "Ghosts of Mars" unfortunately adds to these disappointing yields (in his opening weekend, he was overshadowed by a lot of consequences, including "American Pie 2" and "Rush Hour 2").
The irony is that the Mars film in Carpenter unfortunately feels absent.
There are occasional references to the red planet, of course, but the film could just as well have been put to Perth Amboy as on the neighbor closest to the earth.
Two things prevent "John Carpenter's marsh ghosts" from getting a huge slap upside down.
1.
Henstridge keeps its top (miraculously) and 2. The film does not pretend to be anything.
This means, however, that superior, intelligent, grade A sci-fi / horror fans are singularly without luck.