Would you believe - in real life, I mean - that if you were Julia Roberts, that you would be the ugly outsider of your sister, Catherine Zeta -Jones frightening?
Let me tell you what reality is.
The reality is that you are the Megastar Julia Fricking Roberts and your brother is Eric Roberts, and he picks up the crumbs of celebrity of your quarrels while you ignite in the sky in a golden tank.
It is reality.
America's Sweethearts is the opposite of reality, a train wreck that tries to sell Julia as a scrambled also-group, probably because it wears glasses with horn mount and was overweight (Uh-Huh).
The intrigue follows two married stars, Mega-Movie, Gwen and Eddie (Zeta-Jones and poor, poor John Cusack, whose equipment is getting worse each year), on the eve of the release of their new star vehicle, a film titled TimeOr time.
The only problem: Gwen and Eddie have gone through an unpleasant separation, and the press and the public did not forgive (think of Meg and Dennis).
Gosh and the director disappeared with the film, holding the only printed hostage.
The veteran of public relations Lee (Billy Crystal) is called upon to clean the mess, throwing a press junket into the desert of Nevada to wad them with the history of a possible reconciliation between the Gwen and Eddie, probably distracting themStupid and stupid film reviews in stupid and stupid film criticisms in stupid and stupid criticisms in stupid and stupid criticisms in stupid criticism of stupid criticisms of stupid and stupid films in stupid and stupid criticisms in stupid criticismsAnd stupid stupid criticisms of stupid and stupid -boiling films that they have not seen the film at all.
 (Note to Sony: Any studio director who thinks that this plot will earn points with the revision press must check the rehabilitation.)
And did I mention that Gwen's sister, Kiki (Roberts), is for the journey?
And that she and Eddie could fall in love along the way?
Oh billy, you're a scamp!
The script you co-written with Peter Tolan (which planet are you?
And dazzled - should I say more?) Is a roast of Hollywood and fame, of course, but it's not funny.
Yes, Crystal says, Hollywood ment on our faces!
If you are surprised by that, you may want to check your subscription to People magazine.
He is about to expire.
Apart from a little zinc (yeah, or winces rules!),
The jokes of the America's Sweetarts are not funny, its pace is jerky and the whole case presents itself as a vanity project - not for the headliner Julia Roberts - but for Billy Crystal to deliver a lot of linesof punch that he wrote.
I did not timed it (the film is not so bad), but it is Crystal which really has the most screen time and is the unequivocal goal of the film.
Bad decision, Billy - Your jokes are zero.
Humor between legs is only overwhelmed by the wickedness of the gags of the film - and with insinuations insufficient that flow from each scene, how this film won a PG -13 note is a mystery for me.
Julia overcome a lot of nasty writing and act to make the marriage of my best friend in a winning film, but even that smile with 90 teeth cannot save her here.
Obviously aware of the ugliness in front of him, the director Joe Roth turns to crazy support characters like Hank Azaria (as Spanish Lisping), Christopher Walken (The Insane Time or Time Director) and Alan Arkin (A New Age GuruIn a frury wig) to crack wise.
None of the stereotypes succeeds with the exception of Walken; Azaria turns out to be a linked queen when he is supposed to be macho.
As for Roth, in case you do not know, has gone from the revenge made of the Nerds II to the launch of its own cinema studio, Revolution, which produced this work.
He is back behind the camera for the first time in 11 years.
It will probably still be 11 before it is back.
I could drone on how lovers of America will only call on oral breathing morons who speak on their mobile phones during the films, but that will age.
Instead, I'm going to be content to discuss the worst sin of the film: that lovers are painfully artificial and totally incredible, not only in his intrigue but in his feeling.
Each character in this film ( With the questionable exception of Kiki) is simply hateful, and placing them in a romantic comedy is a waste of a bunch of bad guys.
When you leave the theater, you will also wonder: why would I like one of these jerks to be happy?