Well, there is another.
Unfortunately, that like other films this year was not good.
This one being almost as bad as "the Omega code" but not quite.
From the opening credits, I had the feeling that it would be bad, well I guess I was right.
With bad excuses to act, a horrible scenario and a bad direct direction `The Bachelor '' is a terribly funny film that does not work at any of the levels accepts this fact that René Zellwegar which gives a good performance.
The two Cames of Brooke Shields and Mariah Carey are also good with Brooke being the best.
The film is disturbed from the start because Chris O'Donnell is extremely badly and gives one of the worst performances to date.
Here is the stupid intrigue: Chris O'Donnell plays Jimmie Shelton a man who has just broken with his girlfriend, he meets Anne (René Zellwegar) that they have instantly struck and are together for three years.
Jimmie decides that he wants to increase their relationship a little.
He really doesn't realize that Anne thinks he wants to marry him (which he wants me to never caught).
He therefore offers in a very bad way, and she pulls him down and is very crazy.
He is of course trying to apologize, but nothing seems to help.
Then his grandfather dies and he learned that he left Jimmie 100 million dollars .... like
As long as he married before the next day at 6.15 p.m.
Now Jimmie must find Anne and try to marry her to get the money and because he loves her, or get married to someone else to get the money himself, leading to an end noLuxurious and predictable that leaves a bad taste in our mouths.
Ok, so maybe it could be one of the most stupid, cliché and silly romantic comedy to this day that has no real laugh.
Even the support roles of Artie Lange, Hal Holbrook and Ed Anser are not even good.
The intrigue was a good idea, but the script should have been written in less than five minutes and a five -year -old child.
The agitated dialogue and the bad staging do not help things.
Even if Chris O'Donnell gave an OK performance in Batman's two films, he doesn't even give a distance or funny performance here and I wanted to huer and throw my pop on the screen to get rid of him.
René Zelweggar is another story and gave a charming, sweet and friendly performance (as usual) and was really the only thing that saved this confused film from being a huge total wash.
His sister played by Marley Shelton is also good and both have good chemistry on the screen.
Brooke Shields appeared in a funny little performance as a big head magnate which, after a while, became routine and old.
We really can't help but think that we have already seen these kinds of things before.
It is not as if it was an original idea and in the end, everyone knows what will happen because of their shots and its typical.
"The Bachelor" works no good level and does not work at all.
Ed years and Hal Holbrook were wasted in terrible roles and Mariah Carey cannot act to save her soul, and that could be the only film of his cinematographic career to dispense his formidable musical career.
Chris O'Donnell is not as bad as Casper Van Dien, but that doesn't say much.
He seems to be selected and really does not enter his character much and after the first 30 minutes, become boring and old.
Artie Lange just for me seems to me that he is trying from another Chris Farley and was completely funny and without believing.
Why would filmmakers want to waste such a casting in such a bad film, with such a bad game and such a bad dialogue is a question that only they will know.
Maybe they thought it would become a critical success or success, and sometimes I do not agree with other criticisms of the films, even from the trailers of this film, they have itRemember bad and showed all the slightly funny parts.
It is based on the silent film of 1925 `` seven chances '', what I am sure, it is better than this waste.
Even if some may think of this as a good meeting film, most of them see Thi Will want to withdraw their hair and shout for their money.
In addition to being a terrible film, "The Bachelor" is a terrible film.
He has nothing to recommend, so I really can't recommend this film.
I didn't have a good time and only laughed three times.
The operating time of the film is 106 minutes, which is a little time and must be shortened at least thirty minutes.
Certain parts seem to continue forever and certain parts of not lasting enough time.
Being one of the worst films of the year, we can be sure to hope that they will no longer make stupid reliable romantic comedies, and if they do it, I abandon the filmmakers.