There was a time when John Carpenter was a great horror director.
Of course, his best film was the 1978 masterpiece, "Halloween", but he also made "The Fog" of the 1980s and underestimated in 1987, "Prince of Darkness".
Heck, he even made a good film in 1995, with "In the mouth of madness".
But something terribly bad happened to him in 1992, with the terrible comedy, "Memoirs of an invisible man".
In one way or another, Carpenter has lost contact, with garbage like his failed remake in 1995 of "Village of the Damned", following him without inspiration from 1996, "Escape from L. A."These films, however, resemble works of cinematographic art compared to his latest film, "John Carpenter's Vampires".
If I were him, I certainly would not want to put my own name in the title.
It is a sad situation when Carpenter can do something so wrong and categorically written and filmed as "vampires".
The story is simple.
Jack Crow (James Woods) is a vampire hunter who, with one of his partners, Montoya (Daniel Baldwin), and a prostitute, Katrina (Sheryl Lee), survives an attack by Master Vampire, Valek (Thomas Ian Griffith).
Since Katrina was previously bitten by him, Crow takes him because whoever is bitten by Valek becomes telepathically linked to him until they turn into vampires a few days later, and Crow hopes to find him with thehelp from her.
It seems that Valek's mission is to steal a black wooden cross from a Roman Catholic church which will allow it to become so powerful that sunlight will not destroy it.
My question is: How many times have we seen this same story take place?
Well, the answer is about as many times as a better version of the story has been made.
 "The vampires of John Carpenter", unfortunately, is one of the most unscribed horror films that I have ever seen.
In fact, there is even only a suspense moment over the duration of 105 minutes.
The non-stop vampire attack sequences are filmed without styles, without any interesting camera work, which is generally a trademark of Carpenter.
And then we arrive at the scenario which, as far as I know, is almost nonexistent.
There is no development of stories, and there is not even an attempt to expand the characters.
James Woods can be a good actor, but he has nothing to do here only to say a few lines of "pseudo" dialogue.
Daniel Baldwin has some potential, but his character proves to be very dense.
And Sheryl Lee (does much better than Laura Palmer in "Twin Peaks"), like all the female characters, plays an offensive stereotypical whore.
There is not an ounce of intelligence or excitement in "John Carpenter's Vamires", which is very discouraging from an ex-Fan de Carpenter.
He said he refused to lead: "Halloween: H20", because he couldn't work for excitement for that.
And yet, when he asked him questions about a "vampires" suite, he said he would be happy to do so.
I think it is a certain sign that Carpenter has finally lost all traces of his lasting talent, not to mention a large number of Qi points.