"Tarzan and the Lost City" is one of the most anemic films to be released in a good time.
Not only is it badly written, seriously acted and generally incompetent in all cinematographic areas, but it is completely without inspiration and tasteless.
Unfortunately, it is not bad in the way colossal failures like "Heaven's Gate" (1980) or "Ishtar" (1987) were bad.
Instead, he literally flows from the screen as a film that no one wanted to be associated, which raises the question of why it was done in the first place.
With all the good scripts that drag on Hollywood not produced, how does useless Drek like this go to the big screen?
Of course, Tarzan is one of the most filmed characters in the whole history of cinema - he appeared in more than forty films, which varied very good (Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Monkeys "of 1984) .To the really bad ("Tarzan, The Ape Man" of 1981 with Bo Derek).
Most of these films were only cheap B films made in the 1930s, with ex-Olympic Olympic athletes and a lot of chimpanzees.
Therefore, if another Tarzan film must be directed, we could assume that it would have something new to offer - a different angle, an original scenario, anything to distinguish it from all the others.
 "Greystoke" added a level of realism never seen before in the luscious tale, and even "Tarzan, the monkey man" had at least the badly guided audacity to sexualize the story as a vehicle for the naked breasts of Bo Derek.
 "Tarzan and the lost city", on the other hand, has absolutely nothing to offer that a bunch of recycled scenarios and bad dialogues.
The script, by Bayard Johnson and J.anderson Black is about as formula and generic as possible.
The comics have better plots than that.
The film is so bad, in fact, that he retains this ridiculous call from Tarzan who was so tirelessly mocked from last summer comedy "George of the Jungle".
Didn't producers think of leaving this in the old photos of Weissmuller where it belongs?
The story begins with the legend of Tarzan already firmly established: a narration of fast opening says that Tarzan (Casper van Dien) was found in the jungle after being raised by monkeys, and his return to England where he assumes hisGreystoke heritage.
When the film begins in 1913, he was a civilized English gentleman (without English accent), and he must marry Jane (Jane March) in less than a week.
However, when a bad archaeologist / tombs thief named Nigel Ravens (Steve Waddington) begins to drive out the legendary lost town of Opar, one of the last great secrets of Africa, the sorcerer doctor of an old African tribeinvoke Tarzan in the jungle.
At the beginning, Jane refuses to go, pouting the way it will interfere with their marriage; but after Tarzan left, she changes her mind and finds her, therefore ensuring a lot of lame scenes between herand his monkey-man.
Once the film is launched (in its slow manner), it plunges into a series of jungle adventures, while Tarzan, Jane and the natives try the ravens thumbnails and its crew to discover the city.
Most of the so-called adventures are cheesy, predictable and non-exciting, without rhythm, tension or action to speak.
There are stolen sequences in countless recent adventure films, ranging from "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981) to "The Goonies" (1985).
When the film is running out of action, it includes some convivial scenes from Greenpeace de Tarzan releasing cage animals, releasing a baby elephant from a trap and throwing ivory defenses into the river.
The film also lacks a suspicion of distant reality.
For example, when Tarzan - which was raised in the jungle - is bitten by a cobra, he does not even try to suck the venom like all the semi -experienced weekend would do it.
Instead, he ties a tourniquet around his arm and stumbles in the Jungle W ITH no survival plan.
Of course, we can't help but notice how much the title is fundamentally misleading.
Do not spoil the end or anything, but there is no lost city.
However, there is a lost pyramid, which, I suppose, is that the entire FX department short of resources could find (the special effects are not worthy of a film made for television).
Which also raises the question of why the treasure hunters had to cross many underground caves to go to the lost pyramid, when he sits in the middle of an open field?
Strictly speaking, "Tarzan and the lost city" are not even bad enough to have the quality of the camp, although the rigid performance of Casper Van Dien really get closer.
This film proves what "Starship Troopers" did not do what to allude: it cannot act, but it looks well maintained, even at the deepest heart of the African jungle.
Van Dien is far too a boy enough to be an effective Tarzan; it is a Calvin Klein model in a lanyard fabric.
I also wondered what the makeup department thought when it equipped it with this horrible Steve Perry haircut.
Waddington makes a decent villain, although it is like a charm version of Belloq from "Raiders of the Lost Ark".As Jane, ex-model Jane March has little to do but to smile and look rather next to Tarzan.
She pulls a pistol on the hunters of the evil treasure for a time or two, but each time a snake enters the scene, it is reduced to a hysterical mess.
However, in the middle of all these complaints, I have good news.
 "Tarzan and the Lost City" is so lacking in new and old ideas that it is unable to fill even an hour and a half from Celluloid.
So we can say a lot: at least he had the decency to be short.