In 1989, Tim Burton took Batman's legendary comic figure and transformed it into a huge box office stroke with a small atmospheric film which created a completely distinct feeling somewhere between the film Noir and the godfather.
Was it "deep"?
No .
However, it was a perfect entertainment and the public ate it.
It was natural that Roger Ebert ransacked the writing that it was "without the uprising of the comic strip" of the Indiana Jones and Superman Pictures.
Which was true.
If what you were looking for was the story of the getaway and the adventures of a heroic man that you were looking for in the wrong place.
If these films were Tom Sawyer, then Batman was Huckleberry Finn.
Some criticisms (Glenn Lovell news from San Jose Mercury and Peter Travers of Rolling Stone) have realized that it was something special; M. Lovell gave it * * 1/2 and wrote that "it isBatman as Batman should be. ";
M .travers called it one of the ten best films of the year.
The praise was deserved - from start to finish, the film was exciting, exciting and superb in all respects.
There is no doubt that there would be a follow -up led by Burton.
The result was Batman Returns who forgets that he wants to be fun in the first five minutes.
The bad guys (the hideous penguin and the attractive catwoman) take over, and our epectations are still not satisfied - when we wanted the penguin to bite Batman's nose, he simply gets angry, and when we want Catwoman to slip on theBatman's body, she is repelled a building.
I admire Mr.burton for trying to do more than entertainment, but the result is a mess.
Nothing works as expected - it fails to have been entertained and enlightened.
Advice is made to the public that this film could be an explosion.
Alas, these are just clues.
There are, do not mistake me, several moments of cinematographic genis contained; Catwoman and Batman understand each other perfectly without a word on the subject being said; Christopher Lloyd is trapped, by penguin, in a giant cage; a small basket is depositedIn a large river; but nothing is united and Burton is unable to make the film work regularly.
A weak follow -up, both in career and in sage, Batman Returns is sometimes dazzling, but to disappoint themselves.