be warned ..
Brit Love Story in the offer.
Effeminate and soft karl is about to take a beat in a bunch of thugs at school while he bathes under a shower, his genitals nestled between his legs like a transvestite posing.
He is just saved by Prentice, which appears in all respects except for his protective attitude towards Karl to be your average street punk.
The scene that followed is found with the two ridiculed boys and then unjustly expelled from the school.
They are not yet eighteen years old.
Meanwhile, Prentice has become a somewhat adorable goon, if his strike and bull who screwed up his work and his relationships while clinging to sustainable adolescence via lether jackets, motorcycles and punk rock music.
Karl, on the other hand, grew up to become Kim, a woman Draby and insecure who works as a verse writer for a greeting card company.
Chance brings together the two, and love, such as Will Fleuptom in your eccentric British romantic comedy, is what this biased little story is talking about.
If at this stage, you think you will laugh cheap with this sexist flexion theme (see the bird cage, to Wong Foo ..., Priscilla Queen of the Desert), you can simply go home and sink the only inappropriate inappropriatesexualityat Bow-Life Deadbeat.
Kim is a postoperative transsexual, thank you very much ...
A new woman for all purposes, with confusion and sensitivities that deserve treatment with a touch of delicacy.
Personally, give me these cheap laughter every day.
I prefer to appreciate an obvious camp to bear the superficial exploration of a transsexual love story with a soft heart.
Different for girls, a fairly promising proposal, but does nothing that goes beyond simple work with.
By refusing to make the public really uncomfortable with the notion of relationship of Kim and Prentice, or at the very least to feel uncomfortable for them (Pantice for example, does not seem to give himself so much sorrowWhen he becomes attracted by Kimen despite being a kind of fighting guys, consumption of beer, Guy and Kim, for all his insecurity and his fears, is always saved any really disturbing victimization in the film), and theTo attract in a love story fundamentally Wimpy, the filmpar to lobotomize himself.
A light comedy as he is condemned to be, he could have hacked him with the endearing couple required.
But it is not either, because even Mrs. Doubtfire is sexier than Kim Foyle by Steven Mackintosh, and as a sex, he is simply a simplifying jeromer that nobody should love.
Put there, however, and this has never been explained.
But then Rupert Graves gives us such a heroic performance that Prentice, the guy who has never grown up (and if there is a Bafta price for the most convincing representation of an enraged fan during a buzzcocks concert,He should also win) that I assume that there is ate reason to explain why he is so damn.
So curiously, you grow to love this show, you will want your happy ending, and the film will not miss either.
Underling Undemling at Kim's office obtains its factory.
The misogynist police officer who defeated Prentice obtains his arrival.
The couple prevails against an unpleasant company and meet in Kim's apartment.
Kim's sister and her helpless Sarge type husband kiss and make up after a TIFF (subcontract of the television film with accessory juxtaposition).
And above all, Kim throws her insecurity and learns to browse the motorcycle and wear leathers, taking care of Ride Pilion.
Awwww.
Formidable closer.
happy ending .
But what is different for girls anyway?
If you find out, let me know.
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.