Capsule: Gal is a Cockney London gangster from the 1950s that retired to Spain.
His former partners want it for a last job and send the vicious donation to give it an offer that he cannot refuse.
A remarkable performance by Ben Kingsley because Don cannot save what is essentially a set of recycled shots in old westerns.
 , 0 (-4 to +4)
Roger Ebert asks in his Sexy Beast review, "who would have guessed that the wildest crazy foam gangster in recent films would be played by ....
Ben Kingsley? "
My answer would be that anyone saw Alan Arkin was waiting for the night, Henry Fonda in Once Upon a Time in the West, or Anthony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs should have guess.
They should know that the path to a film to create a really frightening sociopath is to launch someone who generally plays roles of light, sympathetic or even ineffective characters.
The same characteristics that make an actor gentle in most of his roles can work in his favor when a role calls for being fierce and vicious.
This is the principle that works for Kingsley in Sexy Beast.
Gary "Gal" Dove (played by Ray Winstone) retired from a crime career in London and lives in a luxurious villa in Spain.
Life has become a sun routine itself and to relax.
But his paradise is about to be broken by a two-two.
The first punch is a rock that rolls at the bottom of the hill next to the villa.
The second punch comes from the past of Gal.
Back in London Gang Boss, Teddy Bass (Ian McShane, Lovejoy of TV) plans to enter a safety salon in a bank and he wants GAL.
He sends his most enraged henchman, Don Logan (Ben Kingsley) to get Gal.
Don will accept any decision made by Gal of "yes" to "certainly".
However, if Gal says "no", Don will do everything it takes to transform it into a yes, including the threatening woman of the ex-Nardine wife, Deedee (Amanda Redman).
In the meantime, Don knows how to get under everyone's skin.
Kingsley makes a compact package of fury and wickedness.
There are serious problems in the script of Louis Mellis and David Scinto who should have been taken before filming.
When we see the real crime, we don't know why Gal was so important for his success.
Beyond an ability to use skin diving equipment, no special talent is needed.
Any local hood could have done what GAL is necessary.
In addition, the crime involves digging a pool at the bank's safe, flooding the safe.
Not only could they have let the water come out of the pool and completely avoid the complication, but there is too much water to count by what was in the pool.
Despite the provocative title, the story is shot and too familiar.
I know that I saw all the elements of the intrigue of Sexy Beast in the old westerns like the law and Jake Wade.
History is generally reformed outlaw, a Robert Taylor type, which hung up its weapons and tries a life of peaceful respectability.
The old gang, however, wants to do another job with his old boyfriend and sends a rabid guy Richard Widmark to go and git? I am.
It is not a big plot.
In Sexy Beast, even twists and turns have gray beards.
Perhaps the film has a little more respectability because it was not done like a western but as an elegant British film.
It is an old intrigue disguised to look new.
If the intrigue is old, at least the style is creative.
This is the first film by director Jonathan Glazer, but he would have made notable television advertisements for Guinness Stout.
His style has unexpected touches, including very strange dream sequences.
The director of photography Ivan Bird uses many half -lit scenes.
We see one side of the faces of a person.
But the other side fades in darkness, a kind of metaphor for the half-world of these characters in clothing.
Half of everything that is happening is also hidden.
We, Yanks, will have trouble with part of the dialogue.
A The least in my theater, it was difficult to distinguish words with calm discourse, heavy accents and the language of Cockney.
Sexy Beast is a very familiar minor plot lent respectability in the United States by being in what is still somewhat new, the London criminal film.
The intrigue can be new for British criminal films, but it would be too familiar as western.
Additional respectability comes from the high performance of Ben Kingsley.
I give it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the scale -4 to +4.