I have an excellent idea for a film, which cannot miss.
You see, I have a Coolio to make a song for the soundtrack, and about fifty athletes and celebrities to make appearances by Camée.
This is professional basketball, so I will publish it around the NBA final to guarantee additional advertising.
As for what the film is really ... Well, it will eventually be done.
I think it will be a comedy, so I will launch half a dozen writers and take the best of everything they offer.
Maybe we are going to make a gender turn, see if we can also get women out to see it.
Eddie is one of those phenomenally lazy films that strengthen me more than any other type.
Twister, as stupid as the script would have been, at least requires certain creative technicians; mission: impossible, overworked conspiracy and everything involved at least real efforts.
Eddie is sitting there, tightening a story of a formula without laughter, and makes each bad decision possible when a decision is required.
Whoopi Goldberg embodies Eddie Franklin, a New York Limousine pilot and Knicks fan who suffers from a dismal season for his beloved team.
Coach John Bailey (Dennis Farina) has lost control of his primary primary, and losses are starting to climb.
The presence in decline inspires the new owner of the Wild Bill Burgess team (Frank Langella) to try an advertising in which a lucky fan will become a honorary team of the team.
The winner (surprise, surprise) is Eddie, who becomes a fans favorite, and ultimately the real coach.
The Knicks continue to lose, but Eddie has impertinent towers in his sleeve to inspire his troops.
By the way, the Knicks end up starting to win.
Please raise your hand if this is a shock, and I will invite you to my marathon all night bad news, major leagues, angels in the outside field, powerful Ducks, Big Green, cool runnings and smallgiants.
Horrible teams in sports comedies make miraculous reversals; this is what they do.
These teams generally involve children, for a very solid comic reason: it is funnier when they get screwed up, and they are more sympathetic.
Those who imply_ are not children generally have real actors in the main roles, for another very solid comic reason: they have generally developed a kind of comic timing.
Eddie was thrown under the erroneous premise that it is easier to make actors look like actors than to make the actors look like basketball players.
This finds that the NBA players like Greg Ostertag, Dwayne Schintzius, Rick Fox and Malik Sealy delivering punch lines as if they read them for the first time on a packaging of Bazooka (although Sacramento Kings Center Olden Polynice has aGood time describing a black hole in players).
Maybe everything was important for anyone because there are so few punch lines, and because the whole film is a big casting gadget.
Steve Rash directs the scenario without spirit as if he agitated a flag of surrender and to shout: "Don't blame me, I work right here."
Perhaps it was clearly obvious to him that Eddie is not a film-it is an appearance of cameo that stumbles from time to time.
Among the notables who lend their faces to this parody are Donald Trump, the mayor of New York Rudolph Giulianni, the former mayor of New York Ed Koch, David Letterman, the regulars of Letterman Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam, the broadcaster Espn Chris BermanAnd the advertiser of Knicks Marv Albert, also equally as long as dozens of NBA players and several arenas of the NBA.
And these are the real jokes in Eddie.
Nothing that these individuals say or are only funny; you are supposed to laugh simply because you notice: "Hey, it's Donald Trump!"
Or "Hey, it's Mujibur and Sirajul!"
It is difficult to decide if Eddie is so bad because it was missing if shamelessly imagination or because he cannot even get the clichés in a gender script with cliché.
The Knicks Co ACH who is Eddie's antagonist at the start of the film reappears at the end, but he is not lucky to be the villain that Eddie desperately needs.
Frank Langella is not either, and none of the actors of the athletes have the ability to give Whoopi Goldberg anything to play.
This lets her make her Miss Thang routine at the street level, but without character, without sharp lines and without help.
Eddie is not only a bad film with a premise of formula.
It is a film that makes you feel cheated and offended, because someone offered a poster and a marketing plan to which he had to join a real film, and you had the cheek to believe that it would be a comedy.