Michael Crichton had a long career of writing novels, many of which are science fiction.
The most profitable cinematic adaptation of any novel was the adaptation of a novel of science fiction by Michael Crichton.
So, in the logic of the film industry, a good way to make a profitable film would be to make an adaptation to a big budget of another novel by Crichton Science Fiction.
The Congo has failed, and I fear that the sphere will probably not get much better.
It's a little better than the novel well and it makes a film that is not even so good.
The film is expensive, more than one hundred million dollars; is long, 133 minutes; has a formidable distribution, including Dustin Hoffman, Samuel L.Jackson and Sharon Stone; but has little original and less exciting.
Several years ago, Dr. Norman Goodman (played by Dustin Hoffman) was invited to write a set of procedures to follow if an extraterrestrial entity was really encountered.
The plan he wrote was only semi-serious, but explicitly defined a team of experts who should investigate abroad.
Now that the team has been assembled by a mysterious team leader named Barnes (Peter Coyote) to study a spacecraft almost half a thousand in length which apparently fell into the Pacific Ocean in the early 1700s.
Suddenly, Norman's less than serious procedure has become an action plan to deal with a real extraterrestrial spacecraft.
The team to investigate is the mathematician Harry Adams (Samuel L. Jackson), the biologist Beth Halperin (Sharon Stone) and the astrophysicist Ted Fielding (Liev Schreiber).
Together, they go to the deep spaceship of the Pacific to understand its secrets.
A major secret is the meaning of the huge sphere of liquid metal in golden tones in the heart of this spacecraft.
What is disappointing in this film is that it has no really effective performance.
Director Barry Levinson is his best with good actors rather than good special effects.
The problem here is that he makes a big budget science fiction film.
It has certain effects, but the most intrigued effect it only shows as a outline on a radar screen.
The technique is to suggest rather than show and let the actors and the imagination of the spectator wear the film as Robert Wise did with the haunting.
This could be a reasonable approach in a low -budget film.
But that requires creating much more atmosphere than Levinson cannot come together.
This obliges the actors to give really convincing performances and simply say, they do not.
Hoffman's game seems silent.
Jackson seems relaxed.
We do not feel for these characters and do not enter their heads.
Levinson paid large dollars for his actors and does not really get price performance.
And why we have Queen Latifah as a minor official on expedition is the assumption of anyone.
The distribution of unknowns could have given as much emotional impact to a fraction of the price.
Look how much a film like Alien was more powerful with only moderate actors.
Nowadays, most spectacular science fiction have second-level actors and first-level special effects.
Levinson tries the second level effects and first -level actors, but never makes this exchange for the spectator.
Perhaps the spectacular science fiction are simply not the medium of an actor.
The result obtains a 4 on the 0 to 10 and 0 scale on the scale -4 to +4.