David Spade has a sense of sarcastic and sarcastic humor that works perfectly on the television sitcom, just shoot me.
He was also a good showcase for him when he played, in front of the late Chris Farley, in Tommy Boy and Black Sheep.
Lost and Found marks the actor's first attempt to go solo in a film, and he also reveals that when Spade does not have a reliable backup system, his humor brand seems more desperate than what we can'texpect.
David Spade is not the problem with Lost and Found.
He plays Dylan Ramsey, the sweet main character, at best his abilities.
The story revolves around Dylan's obsessions with her beautiful new neighbor, Lila Dubois (Sophie Marceau, Braveheart), and her burrow named Jack.
Dylan believes that the best way to the heart of a woman goes through her dog.
And so he kidnaps Jack, planning to stage a false rescue, in the hope of winning Lila.
There are three good things about Lost and Finded.
The first is a spade.
The second is Sophie Marceau, a charming actress who was planted in the bad film.
Finally, there is the dog, which is used here in a context similar to Puffy from there, there is something about Marie.
Unfortunately, the director Jeff Pollack finds more humor to get Jack through a cycle in the driest than to make him cute.
This kind of physical humor is dead.
Pollack does everything but beats the poor dog with a baseball bat, and this procedure is cheap, funny and resounding.
This is where I start to become blurred.
In this unusual mixture is (apparently) a sweet love story between Dylan and Lila.
Given the Mesquin comedy for which the film obviously strives, I found it difficult to swallow.
And why does Dylan even deserve someone like Lila, after kidnapping his precious dog and putting it through such pain?
As you would expect, lost and found opted for a happy end, an end that feels so sentimental, sticky and sounds so false that it triggers a mermaid in your head which makes you feel a little deceived.
David Spade (who also co-written the film) tries strong, so hard, to make this project fun.
There are scenes of choice that are quite funny, but the film is only sporadically funny.
Patrick Bruel embodies René's action character, Jerk Pompous who also wants to win Lila, with his beautiful appearance and money.
Jon Lovitz and Martin Sheen are welcome to two tiny support roles.
Despite some positive attributes, lost and found simply does not work.
If you are looking for a pleasant romantic comedy, you could do much better than this obvious and wrong failure that shows a blatant contempt for what he tries to present.