While the guys of the twin twin, Stew and Phil Deedle, were blindfolded and unconscious at the hospital, Phil comes first and chooses the coolest way to wake up his brother.
By pulling his IV, he uses it as a water gun to dip the face of his brother.
This little lame humor is typical of the meeting of Disney's Meet the Deedles, a film more to endure that watched.
 (I stopped looking at my wife during the projection, because each time I did, she began to stick her finger in her throat.
And she's right, it's so bad.)
Made without any imagination by Steve Boyum, whose long background in the film is mainly in the waterfalls and in the second direction, the film boxes at best.
Boyum tries to maintain the rhythm in motion by staging waterfalls, waterfalls and more waterfalls.
Surprisingly for someone with their history, it seems unable to find costs, and we have a car which moves from the road five times different - perhaps more.
But who matters?
And then there is the script of James Herzfeld, whose only other film, Tapeheads of ten years ago, was so horrible that it is considered a classic cult.
Meet the deedles, however, is painfully bad rather than ridiculously bad.
It will probably be in and out of theaters like a tornado and is not likely to become a classic anything.
Herzfeld treats an abyssal creaky dialogue that includes "your geyser is a geent" and "I would like to put an act in his hay boot".
While the film opens, the twins, who at some point describe themselves modestly as "a moment of Kodak that works", celebrates their 18th anniversary.
While driving a parasail over Waikiki waters, an absent officer pursues them on his jet ski.
As heir to the fabulous fortune of the Deedle Empire, the boys are sent by their father to Camp Broken Spirit in Yellowstone to transform the two beach tramps relaxed into men.
Arriving in their combinations in Yellowstone, they have their surfing planks, their roller boards and a Hawaiian drinking machine the size of a wardrobe.
Their camp made their doors, but they were wrong with the new park guards.
The rest of the film makes them fight the overcrowding of meadow dogs by the park as well as an ex-disturbed, played by Dennis Hopper, who is there to arrest Old Faithful before his celebration of the billionth anniversary, scheduled for later in theweek.
Hopper, which made wonderful films, carried away by a recent favorite, has a propensity to choose a truly fragrant equipment.
It's not his worst game, but Meet The Deedles is undoubtedly the worst film in which he has ever been.
Steve Van Wormer and Paul Walker, as Stew and Phil, give lifeless performances.
The only actor in the film with a demonstrable talent is a pretty little meadow dog named Petey.
Even the cinematography of David Hennings is so prosaic that it manages to make Yellowstone Dulne.
To add the insult to the injury, Hennings likes the inappropriate close -ups, which only reminds us of the inanity of dialogue.
Put a pair of ten -foot lips on the screen, and you naturally pay particular attention to what is said.
Although Boyum says in the notes that it is proud that his film is suitable for families, one wonders how many planchists will try the bedroom cascade on your back on a roller board while negotiating a mountain road occupiedand twisted.
They make it so much like what I am sure that many will try a variation in the waterfall.
 "How could it be worse," asked Phil.
Just when you think it can't, the film takes a turn further downhill.
Its low point can make you in search of an aerial bar bag.
After Phil's girlfriend unearthed a large damp soil frame, they suck a long worm.
Like the two dog lovers eating spaghetti in Lady and the tramp, their lips finally meet in a kiss.
As they retreat, their faces are full of dirt that locked the worm they have just ingested.
meet him The deedles flow about an hour and a half.
It is classified PG for a small bathroom humor and would be acceptable for children around 6 and over.
My son Jeffrey and his friend Nickolas, both 9 years old, gave the show * * *.
They both thought that the scenes with Petey were among their favorites.
Nickolas also mentioned the scene in which the circus bear leads to a Jeep, and Jeffrey particularly liked the one in which the circus elephant was called Dumbo.