It is almost fun to see Christina Ricci, 21, to be radically eclipsed in the follow -up of Sally Potter at The Tango Lesson from 1997, the man who cried.
The actress of Gen-Y, with her cold gaze and her big black eyes, appeared in an impressive range of films; but she does not even get closer to being the daring heroine as the film, in the historical context ofWorld War II demands this.
Ricci, whose character is shocking silent and empty, showing only the smile or occasional suspicion, shares most of his scenes with the amazing Cate Blanchett: a pretty fun view to see.
Lola de Blanchett, a Paris housing dancer who befriends the grass singer Suzie, is daring, interesting and superimposed? All that our heroine lacks.
The co-star of the next Lord of the Rings trilogy, Blanchett has a good thumbs up on Ricci, sports the makeup twice and puts on a flashy wardrobe.
The actress lives in the role? As she still does so remarkable? With a fervor and a life that makes you want the screen as the functioning of the film rather than her dull companion.
Important historical events involving Hitler and his Nazis disperse through the film; these landmarks serve as a small conflict of the film.
Obviously, the tables are shot in Suzie's life by these events, whose Jewish origin is unknown among his Parisian colleagues.
The man who cried has many aspirations, none of which loops in a circle by closing the film.
There are forced messages here and there: "Go ahead; always go", preach Lola to Suzie; there is a romance between Suzie and another target of the Nazis of Hitler, the Gypsy Cesar (Johnny Depp, who,Like Ricci, can hardly speak); Lola struggles with her character who desires above all the wealth and the men who have it; and at the heart of all these devices is the desire of Suzie to travel to America, where her fathertraveled after leaving him and his mother years ago.
The main problem of the film is that Potter is not qualified enough to tell the story of Suzie of epic size.
The instability of the period of time, the contradictory social classes, the prejudices against Suzie of all those around him in his new life: serving both writer and director, Potter throws in some of everyone, but barely a thumbof depth is in any one.
As the culmination of sighs will be released, credibility and the complete absence of concentration leaves a ready to leave the theater.
The action falling from the film is strangely unsatisfactory and unlikely; are we really supposed to believe that all this could happen?
Unlike, in his final scene in motion, the man who cried strikes a note which is made effective in his links with the emotional start of the film.
Although it is obvious that Potter cannot understand what it reaches, I am perplexed as to the reason it reaches so much in the first place.
Ricci's Suzie is supposed to be the heart of the film: prolonged flashback at the start of the film at the end quickly drawn, everything that is seen in the film, in a way, relates to it.
So why does Potter spend so much time on sub -intrigues involving other individuals?
The character of Suzie is too present for the man who cried to work as a whole, but not enough present for the film to be Ricci.
The almost constant lack of flow and the tone of a note with which Potter represents the man who cried is somewhat improved by the beautiful cinematography of Sacha Vierny who makes the various places of the film wonderfully.
Lindy Hemming's costumes should also be noted which help represent the area very well.
And then there is music.
From the first to the minute to ninety-seven, there is hardly a time when the voice that vacillates and qualified as an opera singer or the rhythms of the Gypsy music does not undermine the action; The notes struck both submerged (in particular John Turturro, depicting the fictitious opera singer Dante Dominio, whose money and reputation catch Lola's interest) and support (often, the perfect agreements are captured to undermine the state of the characters in the film and strengthen this state).
Potter obviously cares a lot about each musical note; unfortunately, the same effort is not given for (almost) everything else.