Seen on May 2, 1998 at 3:40 a.m. P. Crossgates Cinema 18, Théâtre # 13, with Chris Wessell and Sean O'Shea for $ 5.
[Theater note: * * 1/2: very good sound, image and seats]
The big budget and mega-hype "event" film becomes so fashionable now that it becomes a weekly routine instead of a seasonal routine.
Gourmandise is Hollywood's favorite sin, but it is the moviegoers who pay the price by being treated the same things still and still on a constantly evolving basis.
 "Lost in space" is the last offer of this type - a film so poor that it would be twice good if it was poor.
It is made up of all the elements of science fiction, but at no time does it evoke the smallest amount of wonder for which the genre was intended.
The duration of attention of the public decreases quickly and, as is the trend with such films, it opens with a spatial battle at the rapid rhythm which is not only the most interesting scene of the film (probably because'She has "Star Wars" writes Partoutil), but as the way producers show their budget thanks to the special effects.
The battle scenes are worthless, and as we have no idea what the framework is, it is impossible to worry about everything that is happening.
Essentially, the entire segment works like a teaser for an arcade game, not a piece of cinema.
We meet the Robinson family - a family of five who does not get along but who has been chosen to act in the name of the earth in efforts to find another planet worthy of colonization due to the exhaustion of our resourcesnatural.
Each member of the family has a special feature and personality, and yet none looks like real people.
Professor John Robinson (Hurt) is the intelligent and calm leader who has spent so much time for his work that his family and marriage suffer without him realizing it (it is obvious what role this aspect will play).
Of course, all this is established through extremely melodramatic scenes such as children and parents who argue and bicker between them and between them, while the necessary problems are "solved" at the right times.
The only thing worse than the scenario is the fact that it is presented in a completely serious way without trace of satire, and is so pathetic that it is laughable.
The first act is not a building of a history, but a juxtaposition of scenes which are useless other than to connect all the required elements (such as intrigue, conflicts and characterization - God does not please!).
We are provided with the minimum possible quantity of these elements to prevent the film from being completely silent.
In fact, it could as well be, because dialogue is practically nonexistent.
Yes, the characters speak, but they don't speak.
They say things that only concern conflict, but they never really interact (unless it is comics that flirts scenes between the arrogant major Don West (Leblanc) and the trend and the fall of JudyRobinson (Graham)).
It is surprising that after an hour of banal dialogue and generic conspiracy devices that happens so little.
Finally, the pace increases rapidly, but the quantity of real interests does not do so.
The story finally gains a little potential by putting up to its title while the Robinsons find themselves lost in space after having succeeded in defeating Dr. Smith (Oldman), the bad guy and his plansfor sabotage.
What follows is a series during a series of completely independent conflicts.
The first scene of this type takes place on an abandoned spacecraft and what ensues could be described as "alien" -lite.
The story changes again when the Robinsons crush on an extraterrestrial planet and must act quickly to escape and survive.
But there is never a real concept of suspense here because the script wanders constantly aimlessly.
The intrigues are developed, but each becomes completely out of words as the story goes from the scenario to a scenario.
The atmosphere tries to be surreal by incorporating time trips and vario Us Time Paradoxes, but it is presented in such a ridiculous way, it is quite annoying.
As the last act takes place, there is no sense to a payment building.
The end does not come out on a high note with any type of climax, it seems rather to stop suddenly (but at least it ends at all).
 "Lost in Space" is a great film production at its worst.
It is frightening that a film so badly written, directed and played can be considered as consumer entertainment.