It seems that I review Cheeseball horror films on a monthly basis now.
Scream revitalized a genre The studios now intend to bury it in the ground - serial killers in these new Slasher films have nothing on Sony and Miramax in the "Relentless" department.
I always know what you did last summer is a terrible film in many ways, but following the amazing urban legend, it's Citizen Hook.
Jennifer Love-Hewitt resumes her role as a teenager Buxom Julie James-Qui apparently escaped a certain misfortune at the end of the last film ... watch
up .
She lives in the fear of Ben Willis, the avenger fisherman suddenly and led by Julie and her friends.
Paranoid and beat, she accepts a free trip to the Bahamas of her friend Karla (Norwood), winner of the July 4 escapade gift from the local radio station.
Julie ready to Bikini invites her boyfriend Ray (Prinze, JR
Until he obtained a visit to the roadside of Captain Hell-Lord himself, that is to say.
Ignoring this and feeling avoided, Julie goes on vacation, anyway, with Karla, Karla's boyfriend (Pfeiffer), and Will (Matthew Settle), a real type of net door boy who is sweet on Julie.
To make a long story, I cannot believe that it took a paragraph to describe the configuration of this free suite - the trip is a disaster.
Not only is it the storm season, but not only the office clerk (Jeffrey's frightening combs) is an idiot, not only the few residents of the island and our heroic vacationers are chosen by the ingenious Willis one perOne, but the Karaokela Machine does not work properly!
 (Do you think killing is difficult?
Try to reprogram a laserdisc so that Gloria Gaynor's "I will survive" now contain the words "I always know what you did last summer!")
Everything is not lost, it's on the way to save the day, and a helpful sorcerer says little prayers for Julie and Co.
This image really concerns the breasts: two of them.
Julie, like a good horror heroine, never does her shirt at the pass, always wears white in the rain and keeps sexy underwear in the event of sudden desire to sunbathe.
Based on the hormonal load that I removed from the film, I can't imagine what she was doing for the ten-year-old boy who sat next to me, he got Jennifer Love-Hewitt, and myGeneration obtained Heather Langenkamp!
Lucky bastard.
I did not like me to know what you did last summer and I cannot say that I liked this more or less continuation.
Is the rhythm in the two films Languid-How is that so much time passes without murder or character development?
I always know what you did last summer has a better sense of humor than the first, however, and at least that explains the random selection of Willis victims.
 (I don't think the hotel woman in the hotel or the guy Stoner had the slightest idea of what Julie did last summer.)
Director Cannon (Judge Dredd) is a competent filmmaker but not a single particularly imaginative if there is a third part (how would he a hell call it?), And the funny denying suggests that there will be, here is my suggestion: Hire a filmmaker with Flair, someone who can really energize this stillborn series-someone who will not count on as many shock notes.
And let this person go wild with the camera.
 (Aside: If Blandy [sic] must appear in the next one, try to keep the number of times she says "baby" at least.
Thanks in advance .)