"We are grateful that we have the songs of Grace Chan to comfort ourselves."
Featuring Lee Kang-Sheng, Yang Kuei-Mei produced by Tsai Ming-Liang written by Tsai and Yang Ping-Ying Cinematography by Liao Peng-Jung
Taiwan, 24/12/99.
The millennium approaches.
An incessant downpour beats an anonymous city.
The city sectors are sealed, quarantined due to the start of a mysterious virus.
The virus makes people act like insects: they crawl on all fours, hide lively lights, snuggle up in damp corners.
The water supply of the quarantine areas will be cut in a week.
Residents are advised to evacuate the area as soon as possible.
This premise - Kafka by Cronenberg - is the background of the hole, which could have been a great film, but, unfortunately, ends as a waste of good ideas.
The rapid sketch above suggests a dark, absurd and hallucinatory sly parabola of life at the end of the 20th century; in execution, however, it has nothing like that.
The virus, evacuation, the visual possibilities of the flood: they are all relegated to the background.
Instead, the hole focuses on life - for lack of a better word - of a man (lee kang -sheng) and a woman (yang kuei -mei) who live in the same building and whohave no personalities.
The whole cinema is placed in uniformly ugly and sterile parameters: the charming rooms and corridors of a complex of post-industrial apartments, photographed to appear as dark and dull as possible.
It is a lively setting, but unattractive, especially with the monotonous whistle of falling the rain and the gargling of drainage pipes in the background.
The man lives in the apartment directly above the woman.
One day, a repairer investigating on a leak leaves a small hole in the floor of the man's living room, opening up to the ceiling of the woman's living room.
This hole - symbol of the lonely opening in the solitary and compartmentalized life of the character - makes them interact in an unusual (and mainly non -verbal) way.
Example: man, suffering from the beginning of the virus (or at least I suppose that - everything is obscure in this film) vomits through the hole.
The woman, wandering in the dark, accidentally puts her hand on her vomit, then cleanses her.
This is what passes for significant communication.
And they say that romance is dead.
A large part of the film does not even focus on their interactions, as they are.
There is almost no dialogue and we learn almost nothing of these people.
These are figures.
Instead, we are entitled to long grips in which we are witnessing their miserable life; we look, for example, while the woman bubbles water, pour it on noodles, then eat the noodles.
 (It is as fascinating as it may seem.)
Offered as a counterpoint - or perhaps relief - to these dreary sequences are a series of musical numbers, fantasies in which the woman synchronizes lips of Pop songs by Grace Chan (popular, so tells me, in China from the 1950s).
She spreads in filthy corridors and Grungy stairwells, illustrated by joyfully brilliant spotlights.
Sometimes, in these fantasies, she is joined by man.
These scenes are probably intended to be brilliant and fanciful, strongly contrasting the Morness of reality, but they fail.
When man and woman dance, it seems shy and apathetic.
Astaire and Rogers this is not the case.
Even in imagination, these people are numb, weary, boring.
The hole is part of the series "Collection 2000", a group of films commissioned by the French television station the seven arte on the subject of the millennium.
Others include Canada last night, midnight Brazil and the American Hal Hartley Book.
The book of life is the only one I have seen, and it is infinitely superior to the Taiwanese entrance.
Full of mind, energetic, human, it makes the hole (ahem) empty.
American films without saying anything to try to hide their Lack of content with flashy movements, fast cuts, superficial emotions.
Foreign films without saying anything do what the hole does: they point the camera to something minimal interest for incredibly long periods, and call it art.
The hole is obviously a film on alienation, and perhaps director Tsai Ming-Liang wants the public to share the alienation of his characters.
If so, he succeeds.
It may be a challenge: he dares to take advantage of this film, despite his best attempts to make sure that we do not do it.
If it was a challenge, I was not ready to do it.