"Houston. We have a serious problem."
After doing "Mission: Impossible", Brian de Palma has a lot to do.
By making an epic science fiction and inviting a large and talented crew, he hopes to reach the modern public.
And the possibilities are certainly there, but the result is a great disaster.
From a near future, with a prologue copied from "Apollo 13", from Palma slowly builds his "history".
The human race has already set foot on Mars.
A research expedition disappeared without tracing on the red planet and another was sent to find out what happened.
It is essentially the whole plot.
It is therefore difficult to imagine that it can be stretched at 2 o'clock.
But De Palma manages to do so.
It is not a very good success.
While we follow this expedition to Mars and look at them floating slowly in space, the most difficult thing to do is to remain awake.
The major problem of the film is that he tries to seem smarter than he is.
David Mamet's dialogue, while trying to appear natural, is distant and simply false.
De Palma and Mamet wanted to combine the action with a stimulating plot.
The result is more like an unsuccessful mutation from "2001: A Space Odyssey", "Apollo 13" and "Godzilla".
To pass the time, the creators inserted several "refreshing" scientific details, which would not convince a half -flight frog.
It consists of several copies and direct ripps of several great films and science fiction stories.
When he finally presents an almost original idea, she falls flat due to her discovery stupidity.
I can't even call this predictable film, because no one with a healthy imagination can offer something like that.
Sometimes it's so cheesy that you will start laughing when you are supposed to cry and cry when you are supposed to laugh.
You will see huge sandstorms, hear mysterious sounds and, finally, on this "constantly surprising" tour that you will see - an extraterrestrial.
It is really difficult to find comparisons with such an experience, and I know that I have never said that before (I thought I would never do it), but "lost in space" is actually better.
It is a success in itself!
Director Brian de Palma has a golden blow with "untouchables" who have become an instant American classic.
It is for this film that he will remain in the memories, while all his other failures will be forgotten.
He will live to fight another day!
I send my condolences to the actors because they really try to transform themselves into their unmanned and dull characters.
And cinematography, the design of production and artistic direction are very decent.
It is because of the production of 254 people that I assess this film 2/10.
Unfortunately, their hard work was vain.
If you have insomnia problems, I recommend this film.
If you are not asleep in the first half hour, consult your doctor.