* * * Warning - The following examination contains spoilers * * *
Const: Gary Sinise, Don Cheadle, Connie Nielsen, Jerry O'Connell, Kim Delaney, Tim Robbins, Elise Neal, Jill Teed, Jody Thompson, Bill Timoney written by: Jim Thomas, John Thomas and Graham Yost directed by: Brian Depalma RunningRunning time running: 115 minutes
The first major event film of 2000 turns out to be anything but.
Gary Sinise plays an astronaut which is withdrawn from a Mars mission when his astronaut, Maggie (Kim Delaney), falls ill and dies.
Don Cheadle then receives the mission with a Russian couple and a young hotshot.
When a strange whirlwind drawn from the top of a Mars mountain range attacks the crew of the mission, Sinise and Robbins convince their superior to leave them, Neilsen and O'Connell carry out a rescue mission for any crew.
What they discover on the surface of the planet will change spectacular forever (although no one looks at the film manifests deeply).
Before seeing the film, I was aware of the promotional campaign with Dr.Poivre.
Each time I saw a bottle of carbonated drink, the Mission to Mars logo was wooded on it.
I did not know that the plot would take a back seat in the placement of drinking products and several other products.
Dr.Pepper saves the day at some point, and a dream sequence / flashback presents Jerry O'Connell who pushes M&M in our face.
These are just a few ridiculous examples of placement of products dispersed throughout the film.
shot are also the agenda with Mission to Mars.
The character's dialogue and motivations are all withdrawn directly from countless other science fiction films that all have it better and with more style (even independence day, which has raised all its premisesOther science fiction films was better than this film, and I do not do I like the day of independence).
Films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Abyss and close meetings of the third type are all stolen in a glaring way (and badly).
There is even a sequence where a rover moves through a canyon, and I couldn't help but whisper "u'tinni" for me and wait a jawa quickly hides in the rocks before theRover cannot have an overview.
This film also presents one of my least favorite film films of all the time: the "he wanted you to have this" moment, when a character gives another jewel that another character is establishedas having constantly (and generally makes fun of the character who ends up being sappy later later).
Scenes like these always disturb me when they come out of nowhere in regular films, but in a film like shot like that, it is particularly irritating.
The music of Ennio Morricone is generally considered one of the best things in the projects on which he works, but here, he is terribly dominating.
Her music rings as she was released directly from a Vincent Price film in certain scenes.
At other times, his music is unbearably too dramatic.
A sequence involving a daring rescue of walking in space receives a particularly cheesy bite when discovered that the grappling hook device used for rescue will not reach its planned target.
Mission to Mars is the most extreme extreme button button cinema.
The events are put in motion which are obvious to anyone who has already seen a film and seems to be there to evoke an emotional response in the public.
We are apparently supposed to be upset by the fact that the character of Tim Robbins takes off his helmet in deep space and kills himself to save his wife, but I felt extreme boredom coupled with a pinch of disinterest.
What aggravates is that there is no real reason that the character of Robbins must turn into a popsicle, except to invoke an emotional response (I could think of at least one way of saving it, and the clownsFrom Nasace Film is S Increase to be "smarter" than me).
During the final, when we are finally presented to the translucent extraterrestrials of Conehead and the face of cat from which we ostensibly left, we are presented with some of the most ridiculously caricatured CGIs ever turned (just a little worse than the plane crashLevel of the cries of caricaturation (just a little worse than the plane crash at The Planefin of the Air Force One or the hellish scenes in Spawn).
A brief lesson in history on "where we come from" is proposed, then Sinis is taken to be with "the rest of our people" (he does it because his deceased married proclaims in a video he looks very earlythat "it is aChence to pass the foot where no one else has").
> From the press that I saw this film receive, it is obvious that Mission to Mars will die a rapid death in the theater.
I'm sure the first weekend or two will be huge, but once the word will come out, people will stop going there.
Let's just hope that the next red planet is better than that and is not injured in the negativity that this film generates.
I would venture to say that it will not be worse than this waste of time.
[PG]