"Saving Silverman" is a good example of a good comedy that went wrong.
As a history of love, he is good, however as a comedy, he falls flat on his face.
I think that throughout the 90 minutes, I laughed a total of seven times ... and
These are only laughter to the maximum!
The film does not have the punch to make it an excellent film and does not have the script to make it a funny film.
Wayne Lefessier (Steven Zahn), J.D .Mcnogent (Jack Black) and Darren Silverman (Jason Biggs) grew up all their lives together, they were the best friends forever and swear to stay close to the end.
During his stay in a bar after having made a show with their group, based on their love of Neil Diamond, Darren meets a young woman named Judith (Amanda Peet) for whom he falls instantly.
Wayne and J.D. However, think differently and when Judith tells Darren that he can never see his friends again, it is in Wayne and J.D. To try to start saving Silverman.
The performances are topnotch and surprisingly, they are what keeps the film afloat.
Jason Biggs right next to the "Loser" flop does a good job by playing Silverman, but it is sometimes outdated and flat.
Steve Zahn is perfect in the role of Wayne Lefessier, and even if the film talks about Silverman, Lefessier is really the main character and the narrator of the film himself.
Jack Black is Jack Black, and he does a good job as J.D. But he is not as funny as in the past.
Amanda Peet plays the ultimate dog as Judith, and Neil Diamond plays Neil Diamond (he is better to sing than to act).
Anyway, the performance of the film is good, but it's a shame that the script is not.
Speaking of script, the agitated script of Hank Nelkan is not only badly written, but not funny enough even for an episode of Sesame Street.
The trailer for the film, as for most films, gives everything that happens in the film, especially the funniest parts.
Somewhere "Saving Silverman" was supposed to be a good film, and it could have been, but alas at the end, this was not the case.
The management of Dennis Dugan is fine, he adds a few touches of director here and there, nothing special being a simple comedy.
 "Saving Silverman" is a perfectly bad film in more than one title.
He has a great casting, a good director and a sweet story ... It is
Too bad, he has a bad script and is all a bad film together.