In the preview issue of this year's summer film of _ertertament_weekly_, Theresa Connelly described her beginnings which stage writing, _polish_wedding_, like "a child who has not completely become the child Ithought it would be ".
One wonders what she was originally originally for this mixed film, a comedy drama which seems to be condemned to its most basic elements.
The family in the center of _Polish_wedding_ is the Pzoniaks, which consists of mother Jadzia (Lena Olin), Father Bolek (Gabriel Byrne), the only Hala girl (Claire Danes) and four sons of variable degrees of the assignment.
It's a big family, but there is no sympathetic all over the heap, certainly not in the primary trio.
Jadzia is proud to build and maintain a house and a family, but it is a kind of hypocritical because it perpetuates an affair with a Serbedzija Rade businessman).
His excuse for his business is the negligence of Bolek, which is a passive wimp that one cannot connect with its sadness and its frustration.
Also, how could he pay so little attention to the sassy and sexy jadzia?
Hala is a dropout of spoiled and self -centered high school whose imprudent sexual experimentation predictablely leads to pregnancy.
With a set of characters so unattractive, it is not surprising that the complications of the intrigue of _Polish_wedding_ are far from involving.
Naturally, Jadzia and Bolek would like Hala to marry the young cop, Russell Schuster (Adam Trese), who generated the child, but he refuses to make such a commitment.
Ho-Hum.
Another complication, involving the resolutely non -virginal hala being selected to crown a statue of the Virgin Mary, was first played for laughter, then, inexplicably, as a deep declaration in the peak of the film - which, ironically,is funnier than any any lame dele of the film tries humor, like an attempt at painfully laborious Slapstick where Jadzia leads his sons to beat Russell.
This scene is only in a number of Connelly writing errors.
Jadzia-Bolek's conflict is too widespread that is not unknown for SitCom viewers.
The Hala-Russell conflict is not resolved in such an artificial way, but their ultimate resolution will let viewers wonder if they had missed something.
And then there is an atrocious dialogue, which, I am sure, was not supposed to be as ridiculous as they seem: "Look at all these pickles.
The simple fact of watching them gives me such great sadness. "
As erroneous as _polish_wedding_ is, the case is in a way a disappointment, given the solid performance of Byrne, the Danes and especially the Olin Ardent.
They obviously believed in Connelly and his material - a faith that the public will have trouble sharing.