Call this a road trip for the injured on foot.
Stellan Skarsg? RD plays a drunk loser so zombified convincingly that it is difficult to spend almost two hours of screen time in his smelly presence.
However, this still reliable Swedish actor adds depth and meaning to the otherwise slippery and forgettable Aberdeen, a sentimental and painfully banal European drama.
The playwright August Strindberg has built his career on families and relations paralyzed by secrets, unable to express their aspirations until the time is far too late.
It is a faithful reflection of what Aberdeen strives, focusing on the twinning of an alcoholic father, Tomas (skarsg? RD) and his daughter Yuppie alienated and openly hostile, Kaisa (Lena Headey, Potins).
They have not spoken for years and would not even make the long trip from Norway to Aberdeen, to Scotland by automobile, without the mother of Kaisa (Charlotte Rampling, under the sand) rotten in a hospital bed of acancer.
In a touch of soap opera, mother only has a few days to live.
 (Only in movies, right?)
Too blitzé to even pass the foot on an airplane, Tomas strikes the road open with Kaisa.
Removing each other all the time, they make periodic stops so that Tomas vomited on the dashboard or vanishes - whenever he does not mumble what she has become a rotten child.
Despite his late point of view, Tomas recognizes that the apple did not fall very far from the tree.
Kaisa obtains nose bleeding from Snight Coke, sabotates her personal relationships through indifference and is unable to hold back her rapid and vindictive temperament.
Isn't that a pair?
Unable to find real notes of tacit family empathy in dialogue to a note and repetitive bitch, the scriptwriters Kristin Amundsen and Hans Petter Moland make a series of implementation to propel events forward - Lost Money, Roving StreetHooligans looking for drunkards to get started, curious cops and flat tires all appear in the schematic and practical story.
As they arrive at the hospital, it is time to reveal the secrets of a dark past which are not only simplistic devices which trivialize the father-daughter conflict, they are also the pillars of many bad aspirants Strindberg.
This revelation exists only for itself.
Aberdeen does not know where to go elsewhere.
Weak and unimaginative casting the central role of Kaisa.
If Lena Headey was a stronger actress, Aberdeen might have been able to close the performances and cinematography in bad mood and haunting (making Norway in her own pastoral ghost world - the reference to a certain independent US independent filmintentional).
Headey is too busy playing, using his face and marked fronts to transmit each last carefree contraction.
If she was paying attention to Skarsg? RD, maybe she would understand that doing less can reveal so much more.
It is worth comparing Aberdeen to a previous film released in 2001, the captivating signs and wonders of Jonathan Nossiter.
It is not only because Skarsg? RD and Rampling played parental characters disturbed in the two films (they are not linked by the ceremonial marriage to Aberdeen).
The differences in the way their characters have been presented are significant.
In Aberdeen, waste is a luminous, reader and static diva in her hospital bed.
Despite Skarsg? The solid performance of DR as Tomas, his pathetic drunk is never very lucky to emotate something other than catatonic sorrow.
There is a real ferocity and a sexually charged thrill during their discreet confrontations in signs and wonders, allowing them to suggest a gray area of complications that accompany the torn romance and years of muffled curiosity.
The film of Nossiter carefully explores this neurotic territory in addition to diving into the Americanization of Greece and the use of mysticism as an illusion to divert pain.
If signs and wonders sometimes feel overloaded with ideas, at least It is ready to expand beyond what we expect from traditional drama.
Aberdeen is never half as ambitious, the content of Sleepwalk through the rhythms and the timing of other films.
When was the stories motivated by the character stopped paying attention to the complexities of real life?
The depressing answer can be found in the great banal canyon of Lawrence Kasdan but sometimes useful, where the Hollywood magnate of Steve Martin pronounces: "All the puzzles of life are replied in the films!"
Even foreign films take this advice to heart.