Whenever U.S. Government begins to mingle with affairs of other countries, under the pretext of supporting human rights or preventing political, religious or ethnic persecution, the other side is ready to use the Mantra whichsaid "Look who is talking!
What did you do to the Indians? "
However, even the Americans themselves are ready to use this dark chapter of their own national history when it is suitable for their objectives.
Hollywood is only another example, with its revisionist westerns, manufactured in the early 1990s.
These films have tried to exploit the emerging wave of politically correct, coinciding with the 500th anniversary of the discovery of Columbus of America.
One of these examples is Geronimo: An American Legend, 1993 Western directed by Walter Hill, a film that deals with one of the last conflicts between American natives and white settlers.
The hero of the film is Geronimo (played by Wes Studi), leader of Apaches, a tribe of ferocious warrior who gave time to white settlers during the second half of the 19th century.
When the film began, in 1885, Geronimo and his Apaches made peace with U.S. Government and try to live peacefully in the Arizona reserve.
However, broken promises, injustice and violence against their people would make Geronimo agitated.
With no more than 30 of his supporters, he escapes the reserve and begins the guerrilla campaign.
General Crook (Gene Hackman), commander of U.S. Army, respects Geronimo and knows that even his strength of 5,000,000 is not enough to catch Geronimo in the large spaces of the American Southwest.
Instead, he turns to more experienced people with Apaches - LT.Charles Gatewood (Jason Patric) and the Indian hunter Al Sieber (Robert Duvall).
With Young LT.Britton Davis (Matt Damon) they would start a mission aimed at capturing Geronimo.
Geronimo: An American legend, like many films made under the shadow of politically correct, tries to tell the story of oppressed minorities, but instead, the real subject is the bad conscience of oppressors.
Thus, the story of Geronimo is told from the point of view of his enemies.
Almost all of them happen to be his greatest admirers and take advantage of all the opportunities to express how sorry they feel to have to fight it and to its people.
Although such elements of John Millius' scenario have a basis in history, they harm Geronimo's story.
To be honest, Walter Hill tries to make Geronimo the real hero of the film, but the film segments that deal with the fate of the Apaches and the uprising receive too much time.
Instead, they are nothing more than the story of the rear for a rather without interest story of Gatewood and his group.
To worse, Hill has real problems of rhythm and style, and we finally have the impression that we are watching two films badly published in a single story on Geronimo and the story of his pursuers.
The film should have been better if he turned to the life of Geronimo before and after his last uprising, in many ways more interesting than the story of Gatewood.
The difference between these segments could be observed by the different quality of the action.
Wes Studi, an actor Cherkee who was as impressive as Magua in the last of the Mohicans, was a perfect choice for Geronimo, not only because he looks like Geronimo, but because he induces a lot of passion in his role.
Unlike him, we have disinterested actors who doze through the roles of his white enemies.
Although this can be expected of someone like Jason Patric, it is shame when we have veterans like Gene Hackman or Robert Duvall.
Even the staging of Hill is expectations below - the battle scenes are too short and, as in many of his late films, oblige viewers to ask what had happened to the great director of action in the 1970s.
Even his former partner, the music composer Ry Cooder, disappoints, with the partition that moves between Indian Mot Ves and classics.
On the other hand, the photograph of Lloyd Ahern II, with the use of red lenses, gives a somewhat dreamy atmosphere, ideal for this film which was supposed to be a melancholic epic.
Overall, compared to some of the examples of Hollywood politics correction, this film is not so bad, but we end up with the unpleasant impression that it could have been better.