Surrounded by media threshing, great hopes and the promise of an exaggerated performance by Brittany Murphy de Clueless, not say that a word was full of promise.
Hell, when I hear that "I will never say" to whisper "in television advertising, goosebumps go up my spine.
Alas, the word is filled with little but of disappointment, a mixture of girls, interrupted and ransom, with Michael Douglas and a company which collects a payroll to walk through a removal thriller devoid and dull.
Douglas embodies Nathan Conrad, New York psychologist from the famous, devoted father of Jessie Conrad (Skye McCole Bartasiak) and Mari Loving in Aggie Conrad (Famke Janssen).
After a gang of jewelry thieves, led by Koster de Sean Bean, kidnaps his daughter, Nathan is forced to extract from his new patient, the catatonic and violent Elisabeth Burrows (Murphy), the location of a hidden banking loot thatHis father hid Dele Gang Koster a decade ago.
But with the detective with hard nose Sandra Cassidy (Jennifer Esposito, making her best goods inside.
The wrestling - Nathan has only five hours to solve the puzzle!
Whoa, the suspense is almost too much.
Do not say that a word loses the audience inside 15 minutes.
Murphy resembles and acts like Linda Blair of the exorcist during the first part of the film, then turns around and resumes as his role as Girl, interrupted.
And the only real "crazy" in the film is the director Gary Fleder (things to do in Denver when you are dead) amazing use of flashback sequences.
Oliver Platt, Famke Janssen and even Sean Bean are decent actors, but what is given to them here - like a woman sitting fighting Black Guy with his crutch - is insulting and degrading.
In addition, the use of surveillance cameras and laptops to follow each Nathan movement is downright incredible.
How do the former Ex-Fish of the large house allow themselves all this equipment?
Despite its faults, do not say that a word is surprisingly one of the best traditional films that you will find this month - and the public will reassemble it.
Americans love lukewarm thrillers and half cooked with large names and accompanied by thrills.
Someone proceeds my lithium!