My giant is two films for the price of one, but none is worth the entry cost, even if you get out for free.
As led by Michael Lehmann, the image tries to be a comedy using and reusing each giant joker of the book.
 ("Without Goliath, David is only punk rocks.")
Languagely punctuated, the film becomes more and more dismal while the script for David Seltzer (The Omen) winds towards his sad end.
As it is rarely funny or convincingly, what the filmmakers thought they were doing a mystery.
Apart from a few beautiful visuals, there is nothing to recommend the image.
With large movie comedies to his credit when Harry met Sally? For the Slickers of the City of Origin, Billy Crystal showed that he was more than the best host of the Oscars in the world.
However, he has a propensity to choose hopeless material as the day of the father of last year and my giant this year.
One wonders if he reads the script before agreeing to go ahead with a project.
Surely read that of my giant would have shown that there was nothing there.
Perhaps he thought he could be denominated in success.
Or maybe he wants to be a dramatic actor and thought he could do something serious with the dark tone of the film.
The most charitable thing that could be said about this is that it is so ineffective that people will probably forget that they saw it the next day.
The unique idea of this film has a mouth is to place the real basketball player Gheorghe Muresan, which measures seven and a half feet, in as many visually striking situations as possible.
Sammy (Crystal), an agent currently without customers, is rescued after a car accident by a sweet Romanian giant named Max (Muresan).
After throwing constant liners ("either God is in the rescue trade, or Big Foot took my car."),
Sammy decides to become serious, seeing Max as his meal ticket.
And although he doesn't like it, he's ready to sign Max to make disgusting events like a wrestling match with half a dozen dwarfs.
 (The film itself does not know any limits because it contains one of the most putrid and longest vomiting scenes.)
After a series of missed opportunities, the comic part of the film is finished and it is transformed into a cheap disease film and Maudlin.
We learn that Max's state is terminal, and it will die soon.
To be fair, the film contains some good scenes - all you can see in the trailers.
Hopefully Billy get a pair of reading glasses before registering for another film.
My giant works too long, even at only 1: 37.
He is classified PG for violence and blasphemy and would be acceptable for children aged ten and over.
My son Jeffrey and his friend Matthew, both of 9, gave the film a single star and had nothing to say about it.
Matthew stressed that "is not as good as it could have been or should have been".
 (Amen.)
He continued to say that he did not like the way the film has completely changed in the middle.
Jeffrey particularly complained about the gravity of the film.