"Back to Horror High", wants to be some different types of films at the same time.
The film tells the story of a low -budget horror film filmed at Closed Crippen High, a school where a group of serial murders took place five years earlier.
But what the actors and the team do not know is that a real killer, perhaps the same who has never been apprehended, is again in action.
At a level, "Return to Horror High" is a Slasher film, and it is at this level that it works best.
Watching the film, which was made in 1987, I could not help notify that the killer's costume was almost identical to that of the Ghostface in "Scream" and "Scream 2".
At another level, the film wants to be a Slapstick comedy, and there are many clues throughout.
Unfortunately, most of these jokes fall flat.
And the last thing the film wants is a look "behind the scenes" on an operating film made.
The only problem is that, even if a large part is supposed to come from the film itself, no camera is shown by filming it, which makes it much more confusing than it was necessary.
And to top it all, the end of the "torsion" makes very little meaning, and therefore we are essentially with a feeling as if we were wasting our time.
There are stories developments that are beyond ridiculous and conspiracy holes that you could drive a Winnebago.
If you see the film or have seen it, you will know what I mean.
The premise of "Return to Horror High" is certainly quite cunning, and I liked the atmosphere of the school, where everything takes place.
But director Froehlich, judging by this film, is an incompetent director, except to be able to film the scene rarely valve.
Well, to think about it, there is only one scene which is actually frightening, and that has to do with two actors locked in a room while the killer tries to penetrate.
But apart from this two -minute distraction, "Return to Horror High", is certainly not a big shake.
Note: Look for George Clooney in a support role as one of the actors in the film.
And strangely, he is the first character to get the ax ... literally.