A few months before the release of Star Wars Episode 1, The Phantom Threate, 20th Century Fox decides to release another space film, which is a complete scam of Star Wars.
What is the interest of this?
I do not know, but I want this has not been done, since the commander of Wing is definitely the worst film of the year so far.
To attract people to this horrible film, they attached the complete trailer for the ghost threat.
The wings commander will attract big crowds, because it is the only film where you can find the full trailer for Phantom threatened at that time.
The trailer for The Phantom Threate was certainly the best part of the film experience I had this evening.
Many people do not know that Wing Commander is based on a Star Wars computer game.
I found it very interesting, since it almost says that Wing Commander is a Star Wars film.
However, it is far from the level of Star Wars films.
Freddie Prinze Jr.joue in the film like Christopher Blair.
The wing commander was a huge mistake for Freddie.
It was definitely his worst performance to date.
After January, it is all that, I saw a good actor in Freddie, but now all these visions have been crushed.
 (For the moment anyway.)
Christopher Blair is a pilot who is part of the battle to stop the Kilrathi, a group that tries to destroy the earth.
Blair's parents also fought in space battles and are also dead there.
His parents were pilgrims, so many people were lacking in respect because of this.
Blair is under the command of "Angel", played by Safran Burrows, and he is friends with another pilot, Todd "Maniac Marshall", played by Matthew Lillard.
Matthew Lillard seems to play the same role in each film, and he does it in this one too.
His character as Sta in Scream (A +) of 1996 was great, but now, it seems that this same role is again played, only in a space film.
The three are just a small part of a large group trying to stop the Kilrathi before taking control of the earth.
This intrigue is very fragile and does not give much things with work.
This explains why the commander of the wings is dragging, seeming that there is no interest in the events that take place.
The game is horrible in the wings commander.
Many lines seem moved and are completely meaningless.
The game and the dialogue were so terrible, I even found myself laughing.
The other things that are very bad about Wing Commander are special effects and music.
The special effects are very unrealistic.
When you look at two ships flying side by side, it is easy to say that they are suspended and that a blue screen is behind them.
The explosions also seem very unrealistic.
A ship will be exploded, but there will only be a fire about half a second.
It is very unrealistic.
The music is roughly accompanying the film all the time.
Music also looked like video game music, and it was very cheesy and boring.
After we have received the plot, the film repeats itself for another hour, without twisted intrigue, interesting scenes or everything that is important for the film.
Blair is forced to jump on other planets, and he must also fight against the Kilrathi plane.
During the entire length of the film, it takes place in space.
It is really as if you were in a video game, because you watch people shoot yourself in ships for a long extended period.
It's not fun to watch at all.
If I wanted to watch people get out of ships, I would go watch Star Wars at home.
At least Star Wars pay attention to people, myth, feelings and a real plot.
The essentials - Bring the Fox Fox from Phantom threatens 20th Century!