WOOF! Too bad Leap of Faith was the title of a 1992 comedy with Steve Martin and Debra Winger, because that's what is necessary to watch this incredulous howler with Bruce Willis like - of all things - a psychologist.
Not since the Reagan administration, there has been an actor section of such magnitude!
Alas, Mickey Rourke, we barely known.
The story opens onto a Campy kick - Willis treats a patient who suddenly leaves the window to take the best flywheel since Charles Durning Dove in the Hudsucker proxy.
She is going to splash, he's going to UGH and his character passes the rest of the film corridor.
Really .
The good doctor then goes to Sunny L. Un., Where he rooms with an old college boyfriend (Scott Bakula), a therapist who receives someone's death threats on Monday evening.
Buddy bites him in the second coil (no surprise there) and Willis agrees to take control of the group and death threats.
For his problems as a therapy man, Willis can share NC17 cut love scenes with the Jane of the lover while dodging nails, cars and bell snakes.
Why does he need snakes?
The color of the night is the worst film of the year.
period .
Forget the North, Clifford or, the sky helps us, even on a deadly ground.
Here is a failed film so boldly that you cannot help but ask yourself how the actors all kept straight faces during the shooting.
To start, the "group" is a collection of mixed nuts better suited to Bob Newhart than Bruce Willis.
Are these realistic representations of mental malofits?
Playing Obsessive / Compulsive Prissy, the alumni of Cuckoos Nest Brad Dourif, alone, can put the profession of psychology for ten years.
The intrigue is a wreck with a laughable dialogue, unnecessary POV changes and the only big secret summary in the first fifteen minutes.
Director Richard Rush, who once managed Freebie and The Bean, does not seem to care.
Impected by the nincompop intrigue and the characterizations of Cuckoo, he surmounts the film with enough camera photos and wacky decorations to make the effort that is almost worth watching.
Its continuation of the motorway in tokens is OK, but the director has more fun with a deadly (more recently) analysis of a dizzying end.
Actor credits are horrible in mind.
Willis can be forgiven because he films Die Hard 3 while we are talking.
But what about Ruben blades insulting the presence as a cop?
Or the stereotypical sex drug addict of Lesley Ann Warren?
Or the worst delinquent Jane March as mystery-daughter-no-no-thystery?
thrill.
Conclusion: how they all kept straight faces, I will never know.