The advertisements for "Batman and Robin" Scream "The summer event is here" and that's the problem.
The producers were apparently so determined to create a show that they forgot to put a real film inside.
 "Batman and Robin" lasts 126 minutes of sumptuous sets, flashy costumes and large confusing combat scenes with a hint of substance.
It is like one of these stage shows with Kings Island cheese; Bright, busy and visually entertaining, but not very fun.
It was not always that way.
"Batman" by Tim Burton was an epic story of obsession and duality, darkness and revenge.
The film, although far from perfect, was a striking piece with a feeling of another world.
Batman was a frightening and short -cut creature of the night.
The Joker, brilliantly overvalued by Jack Nicholson, was both charismatic and repellant.
Batman and the Joker were opposite sides of the same medal, fighting against interior demons and each other on the breathtaking Gothic horizon line of Gotham City.
These days of The Dark Knight have disappeared, replaced by a Psychedelic Ice Capades.
 "Batman and Robin" have much more in common with the Batman television program of the 60s than with Tim Burton's Tale of Darkness.
The blame resides with the director Joel Schumacher.
Former windows, Schumacher is able to decorate sets and dress people in exotic costumes.
Unfortunately, when the time comes to walk and talk about these people, he has no notion of what to do.
 "Batman and Robin" are overloaded with flexible choreographed combat scenes so poorly published that it is often difficult to say who strikes who.
While the characters fled, the liners and the bad puns are launched like confetti.
Some carefully placed jokes can put an action film in sail, but too many Wisecracks can undermine the momentum of a film.
 "Batman and Robin" do not just lose the momentum, it ends completely on several occasions.
It is rare to see an action film as slow as this one.
Ironically, the games of "Batman and Robin" which work are those that show the characters of street clothes, and most of these succeed because of George Clooney as Bruce Wayne.
Easily the best Batman to date, Clooney's expressive eyes and the tired smile give the character a feeling of depth that the script does not even allude.
The most effective scene of the film is a tender and calm exchange between Clooney and Alfred (Michael Gough), the butler of Bruce Wayne and the father of substitution.
As for the other heroes, Robin of Chris O'Donnell is enthusiastic, quoted and excited like hell, while the dynamics Alicia Silverstone is difficult to accept as anhlete during her beginnings as Batgirl.
In a film filled to the brim of major characters, the decision to add the Batgirl and it Macpherson completely useless that Bruce Wayne's girlfriend is confusing.
I suspect that the producers have inserted women to try to convince the public that two guys run in rubber combination with integrated nipples, formal buttocks and huge codpies are actually straight.
Of course, the real stars of a Batman film are the bad guys and that's where "Batman and Robin" really suffers.
Like Mr. Freeze, Arnold Schwarzenegger has given his worst performance for years, spitting a flow of wooden -fashionable wooden capture sentences.
Working under a ton of aircraft, Schwarzenegger seems to even find it difficult to move in his costume, not to mention trying to act.
Uma Thurman is doing a little better like a poison ivy.
She exaggerates terribly in the scenes of establishment of the first of her character (it is apparently a rule in the Batman series that before a person becomes a villain, he must be a caricatural and clumsy nerd).
Once Thurman turned into an ecosychotic Ivy Poison, she makes a beautiful imitation of Mae West as a classic vamper that can seduce men with her breath and kill them with a kiss.
Thurman fails to maintain the meaning of the maniac style of the character, and ends up Fleeing a path through the last scenes of the film.
The biggest lesson to learn from "Batman and Robin" is that the more better.
Joel Schumacher fills the candy screen for the eyes; but Technicolor Overkill simply underlines how a little the film is.
Some criticisms suggest that the Batman series is short of steam.
I do not think so .
My prescription?
Fire Joel Schumacher (but offer him a ticket for the convention of a rubber fetishist so that he understands that there is no resentment).
Give Alicia Silverstone its walking papers, while keeping Clooney, O'Donnell and Michael Gough.
Call Jack Nicholson and Michelle Pfieffer and you assume to resume their roles as Joker and Catwoman.
Then abandon the campsite and, for the love of Pete, lose the mentality of "the event" and make a film instead of a show next time.