Based on the 1960s television series that I had never seen or heard this film before (be happy, I will not bother you with lame and useless comparisons), this film allows Will Smith to take a thirdFrom foot to independence of the weekend of independencele box office, after having marked huge successes with men in black (7/10), made by the same man who controlled him, and the dayindependence (6/10).
Can you say ... the
Third time, not a charm?
Land: James West and Artemus Gordon are chosen by the president to find the man responsible for the kidnapping of the best scientists in the country and threatening to take control of the United States in a week.
Critality: I did not laugh once during this whole image.
When you consider that this film is a partial comedy, it is not a very good sign.
I also did not tense or particularly appreciated any of his non -energy action sequences which gave me a little more than a few minutes to rethink the beautiful scenes of Salma Hayek.
When you consider that the other "part" of this film is conceived as an action / adventure, I would say that another negative sign.
And when we consider that the first hour of the film was boring and a little slow, the tired driving, recalling Swiss cheese and without involvement, and the special special effects but are very little in a plot filled with lame liners, weak characterizations andAn anti-climatic end, you have more or less of my impression of this "big" summer blockbuster.
He blows.
Or as we say in French, "Eet breathes".
Could it be that the script was shitty because it took four people to write it?
maybe .
Could it be that most special effects do not appear before the last half hour, and even then, we see nothing that his trailers had not already given?
maybe .
Or could we expect many more big budget films by Will Smith and Hollywood, that we cannot help but assess them on their own scale?
Naaaaaaah!
A bad movie is a bad movie.
On a positive note, I could honestly say that I really appreciated the great performance of the adorable Salma Hayek, which seemed underused (in my humble opinion), and lit each sparkling scene in which she was barely.
Branagh was also funny because the villain of the grimmage of the landscapes and from the most at the top, but it was roughly where entertainment stopped.
Smith and Kline were at best static, the plot full of holes and the insignificant partition and derived from a dozen others.
I would strongly recommend anyone not to see this film.
Again, there is this scene with the charming Salma Hayek attached in a cage ... huh ... oh
Yeah, but the rest of the film has zero.
Facts little known on this film and its stars: Will Smith played in two of the ten best films of all time Worldwide: Summer Blockbuster Men in Black of 1997 (7/10), for which he also recorded the title songof a Grammyet on the day of independence of 1996 (6/10).
He once refused a scholarship to pursue his singing career.
Kevin Kline has graduated from the Juilliard School of Drama, and has been married to Cute actress as a Phoebe Cates button since 1989.
They have two children together, Greta Simone and Owen.
One of the buildings exploding in this film wrote "Kasdan".
Lawrence Kasdan is a director known for having worked with Kevin on five of his films, including The Big Chill, Silverado, I Love You To Death, Grand Canyon and French Kiss.
Salma Hayek gave up a successful career as a major television star in Latin America and moved to the United States to start again, even if she did not speak English.
She made her cinema debut as an actress with a small role in Mi Vida Loca of Allison Anders (no, not in the video Rickie Martin!) And played her first main role in the Desperado of Robert Rodriguez oppositefrom Antonio Banderas.
Since then, she has appeared ance in each of Rodriguez's films.
It is 5'2 ", was born in southeast of Mexico and the daughter of a Lebanese father and a Mexican mother.
One of the actresses was launched as Branagh Lovely Beauties De Branagh includes lease Ling, a stage and screen star in his native China which was seen for the last time with Dick Gere in Red Corner (7/10).
Another is Frederique Van der Wal, born in the Dutchman, who is one of the most recognized models in the world, having honored Cosmopolitan's cover several times, as well as the bazaar, the Vogue and the Mademoiselle de Harper.