When you consider David Fincher's latest film, "The Game", four words come to my mind.
 "Do not believe the media threw."
This vehicle by Michael Douglas, of the director of "Seven", is not as intelligent or innovative suspended as we believe.
The film attracts us with an intriguing concept (undoubtedly helped by the fascinating trailer) where a blasé millionaire (Douglas) has the opportunity to participate in a living fantasy.
It is not just virtual reality.
It's real life with a deadly touch.
At his 48th anniversary, Nicholas Van Orton (Douglas) is invited to dinner by his younger brother underperforming, Conrad (Sean Penn).
Conrad has a special birthday present for his brother.
He tends to Nicholas a gift voucher and told him to contact a company called Consumer Recreation Services.
 "They make your life fun," said Conrad.
Nicholas Hume his brother, telling him that he will call, but it is clear that he does not have time for a stupid "fantastic role play", as he calls him.
Then, for reasons that are never really clear, Nicholas decides to go to the CRS and see what they are concerned with.
He ended up spending an entire day going through their screening process, which, for me, made no sense given the tight schedule that he keeps pretending to have.
However, when it seems that Nicholas was rejected as a CRS client, strange things are starting to happen.
Of course, when we only covered 30 minutes of screen time, what else should we expect.
Douglas has built his modern career around playing powerful, violent and unlikely men manipulated by invisible hands.
One of these films, "Basic Instinct", came from the creative spirit of the writer, Joe Eszterhas and director, Paul Verhoeven.
The premise of "The Game" is no different from the concept of another Verhoeven film, "Total reminder".
In this case, the premise was to implement the memories of someone else as a way to improve their own life through a dream vacation.
However, in the two films, the real objective is to create a link by proxy with the public.
We live the adventure with the protagonist, reacting to each twist and turning.
In theory, the key to suspense is not to say what is real and what is not.
All we can do is hang on until the end of the ride, when the truth is ultimately revealed.
Now, for those of you who have forgotten, let me repeat this.
 "Do not believe the media threw."
 "The Game" is not an exciting roller coaster.
As a suspense thriller, it is not much but turns in circles.
In the third coil, I was ripped off on sleep and checked my watch while I was going to work the predictable intrigue.
Will Douglas not resist the charms of a mysterious and potentially fatal blonde (never heard of Glenn Close?
No? Well, how about Sharon Stone?
I thought).
If something in this film surprises you at all, I guess you haven't seen as many movies.
There is no suspense here.
Believe me, I looked difficult to find it.
I had to settle for artificial gadgets and ridiculously improbable situations.
FINCHER has a goal for Hitchcock but lands somewhere just north of Joe Eszterhas.
There are those who could say that "the game" is not intended to be seen literally.
I would submit that this is exactly the way I tried to see the film.
The film simply does not have teeth to bite in real psychological problems.
There is a moment at the beginning of the film where Van Orton, realizing that his game started, smiles as he crosses the airport trying to understand who is in the whole.
He is charged by his paranoia.
He looks at the world through new eyes.
This is the last stimulating moment in the film.
From there, the director only wants to keep one step ahead of us.
Any important archetype set up at the start of the film is simply transformed into a plot device.
At the start, we are told that each "game" is tailor Ed to the individual.
In the end, this "game" is supposed to function as a crucible, trying this obscurely rich and emotionally detached aristocrat, proving its soul.
However, while Douglas endures his personal glove, we are given very few pieces of the puzzle to enlighten us who is really this man.
I wanted to love this film more than me.
I consider it another great idea, poorly done.
I can think of at least two other superior films where watching the film did not mean that we saw what was really going on.
"The Usual Suspects" by Bryan Singer, for a film that was really unique in its ability to allow you details before backing up to show you the full masterpiece on the web.
In addition, there is the underestimated "Jacob's Ladder", with Tim Robbins, a film that must really be watched twice before recognizing the meaning of all its symbolism.
Here are two examples of films that do not just handle for manipulations.
There are films that use their labyrinth structure to lead us to a significant place.
A major problem that appears in "The Game" is whether any "illusion" is just a very sophisticated game of con.
Well, I can tell you now, after spending your $ 7, you may wonder the same.