Children in the room are an acquired taste.
It took at least one season to watch their show on HBO before becoming a believer.
Maybe after watching half a dozen children in the films in the room, they would grow on the big screen.
My recommendation is that, unless you are a big fan of children, jump the film.
In the current state of things, their first - and probably only - at an attempt in a full film does not have the qualities that made their comedy work on television.
A big budget and brilliant production cannot compensate for a lack of spontaneity that permeates their television broadcast.
Children go through the movements, but you feel like they don't really have fun doing it.
And it makes it more difficult for the public to enjoy its antics.
Brain Candy is a bunch of sketches bound by the history of a pharmaceutical company that develops a new drug to cure depression.
In the typical tradition of sketch comedy, each actor plays several roles.
Doctor Cooper (Kevin McDonald) and his team create the drug.
Then, under pressure from Don Rritor (Mark McKinney), founder and president of Rritor Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Cooper releases the drug on the market.
The distribution that followed from the new happy pill throughout the population leads the rest of the film.
About 90 minutes, brain candies still seem long.
The best thing about Sketch Comedy - and children are no exception - is the possibility of quickly delivering laughter, then switching to another fast sketch.
But with the additional configuration necessary to tell a longer and coherent story, laughter simply does not come quickly enough.
Strangely, the show is even more tamed than on cable television.
The film makes several attempts to risk - in particular by pointing the gayness of one of the characters of Scott Thompsons - but they seem almost forced; as if they were to be up to a PG note.
One of the best bits, however, uses the naked buttocks of Thompsons; we see him loading in battle - in progress to sleep with guys who take a shower.
In the classic of this kind, Monty Python succeeded in this delicate balancing act between the progress of the plot and the delivery of punchline for most of the Holy Grail.
The children, unfortunately, are not up to the task.
There are fun moments, of course, but not enough to make the experience pleasant.