"Ladybugs" is a typical comedy that relies on three supposed guarantees: the pathetic team that beats the champions; cross -dressing; and the presence of Rodney Dangerfield.
This image does not play like a comedy for children, so who is it for?
And why is it said as a 91-minute sit-com instead of a feature film?
Rodney Dangerfield embodies Chester Lee, a total schmuck working in a huge company.
He obviously does not have much self -esteem and thinks that he must kiss to go ahead, which he does by volunteering to train the company's women's football team.
What a shock to learn Chester and his assistant Julie (Jackee) know absolutely nothing about the game, and the players seem to know even less.
I did not laugh, but for any reason, it didn't bother me much.
Chester's fiancée, Bess (Graff), thinks that he obtained a promotion in addition to the position of coach, and of course, she has a slacker for a son who hurts school and is launched sports teams.
Jonathon Brandi is a nice surprise as Matthew, who agrees to dress in a girl named Martha to help Chester (probably because the girl he has a crush to play in the team - what original history ideas!).
What we get is just another reward for "the Out-dogs sports team" mixed with a cross dressing.
Unfortunately, the film is not smart enough to play on the Drag aspect.
In fact, it is so strongly the minimal that it is totally incredible.
Would it be more obvious than Martha is a boy?
He only carries the wig of a girl, without any makeup, and they do not even give her falsiies.
Brandi does not bother to imitate a girl's voice either.
Then there is an unnecessary scene where Chester and Matthew shop for a dress, but for what reason?
Martha is only seen on the football field, why would they buy a dress for her?
Just when we think that the character of Martha is going to be useful, she disappears and the story wanders aimlessly in search of a new plot to take up.
When Bess discovers what is really going on, she breaks with Chester, and the relationship is forgotten and the film focuses on the football team and the tension between Chester and her boss.
This film could have been less bad if it was the sporting comedy of the cliché, but it feels the need to go on tangents which are completely useless (and badly to that).
There is simply a feeling of sit-com here, especially during the so-called serious moments, and all the confusion between the characters.
I saw worse films that "Ladybugs", but for any reason, it contained a kind of bizarre charm, so even when it becomes sour, it does not seem as bad as it is.
Dangerfield finally obtains his respect at the end, but at what price.