In the middle of "Anaconda", the documentary filmmaker Terre Flores (Jennifer Lopez) turns to a colleague and said "I thought this film would be my first big break.
Instead, it is transformed into a disaster. "
More real words have never been pronounced.
 "Anaconda" is a monster film with a ugly monster.
It is a suspense film that is completely predictable.
It is a mess that the film manages to enlarge fears, but only in the most basic way, like a jack-in-the-box.
As you turn the crank, you are fully aware that the damn clown will appear, but in one way or another, it is still slightly surprising when it occurs.
The main difference between the giant snake in "Anaconda" and the clown in a jack-in-the-box is that the clown is more realistic.
 "Anaconda" has some of the worst special effects to appear on the screen for years.
The animatronic photos of the serpent seem as false as any of these inducers who have endured at Disney World.
But it is the computer -driven scenes that really widen the meaning of the word lame.
In a blow, a character tries to flee the monster by plunging from a tree near a waterfall, but the giant snake springs and takes place around his unhappy victim in the air.
The scene, if it were well done, would have been a drop-in account of the jaw.
Here, horribly bad digital effects seem less convincing than a cartoon on Saturday morning.
What is really surprising is that the filmmakers were so proud of this horrible shot that they included it in the promotional trailers of the film.
But enough on the bogus snakes.
Now is the time to talk about ugly history.
The heroic and very pale anthropologist Eric Stoltz directs a documentary shooting team on a Brazilian river in search of the Indians of Shirishama, a legendary tribe who lives supposedly in the boondocks of the tropical forest.
Stoltz says to his crew "Pray so that you have not forgotten your insect spraying."
Apparently, the crew members bathed in stuff because they spend most of the film to wear lean ups and short shorts without sick effect.
Along the way, the group saves an exalted priest to decrease (Jon Voight) who claims to know how to find Shirishama.
In a few minutes, they throw all their plans and follow a tributary in the country of goosebumps.
From that moment, the film is a meli-melo of scenes and shots torn from "Jaws" and "Dead Calm".
One of the strangest structural points in the film is the manipulation of Eric Stoltz.
At the beginning of the story, his character is introduced into a coma by an insect of the river and practically passes the rest of the unconscious film.
So why did they hire an actor of the Stoltz caliber for what is equivalent to an appearance of cameo?
In addition, why Stoltz, who generally selects his roles with great care, agreed to appear in this shit?
Ah, the mysteries of Hollywood.
The remaining crew members are mainly snake food waiting to occur.
Jonathan Hyde entertains slightly as a pompous Englishman hired to tell the documentary, but Lopez and Ice Cube manage to rise above their cardboard characters.
Lopez, who played in "Selena", is an extremely attractive interpreter, having a dynamism that makes even the most banal lines seem credible.
Ice Cube has a special charisma; an ability to look like an adult macho and a boy frightened simultaneously.
There is also a special flicker in his eyes, as if he was slowly making fun of his own hard posture.
But the film really focuses on the scandalously hammered performance of Jon Voight.
Obsessed with the capture of one of the giant anacondas, Voight plays the villain with a thick accent, with a series of leers and whistling, gushing the kind of dialogue generally heard that in episodes of "Jonny Quest".
At one point, he looms on the crew and says: "Anaconda is the perfect killing machine.
He strikes, wraps around you, keeps you stronger than your true love.
And you get the privilege of hearing Your bones break before the power of its embrace has your veins explode.
 "This moment is so high that it almost tolerated the film.
almost .
Fans of the kind of horror can be tempted to discover "Anaconda".
don't do it .
There are many horror films planned to be released this summer, including another "Alien" suite.
Wait them, rent "jaws" while waiting and do not throw your money and time on the darling like this.