I have never been so confused after watching a film.
 "Meet Joe Black" is probably one of the most visually satisfactory films of this year, with cinematography, music and actors who will dazzle most of us.
At the same time, it is probably the most boring and ridiculous experience that you will have this season.
At the beginning, you amaze elegant direction, graceful cinematography and sensual musical score.
Then, do you wait for something to happen for half an hour, but when you finally understand what's going on, you will wonder what actors like Anthony Hopkins, Brad Pitt and Claire Forlani do in a film like this?
The script is simply a silly and unresolved story, which is artificially stretched in a three -hour film.
It looks like an eternity.
Most of the time, it is a pompous soap opera, filled with empty dialogues that the actors provide in an acute voice and "significant" winks.
The film is based on the play by Alberto Caesella "Death takes a vacation".
The story focuses on Bill (Anthony Hopkins) who lives a fulfilled life as a prosperous businessman, but sometimes he wakes up in the middle of the night and hears a voice that says "yes".
Soon, he met an elegant young gentlemen (Brad Pitt) who presents himself as a "death".
It's Bill's time.
But death has other plans.
It has reached us simple mortals to discover what it means to be alive.
Our bill is chosen to be the Death guide and in exchange, it obtains the time.
Bill presents death as Joe Black, who immediately becomes the center of everyone's attention.
Bill's business partners speculate on the reasons why Joe is constantly alongside Bill, lives in his house and lives in his office.
That's not all.
The youngest daughter of Bill, Susan (Claire Forlani), falls in love with the mysterious unknown and Joe falls in love with her.
This relationship is necessarily to have serious consequences.
It would not be fair to say that this film had no interesting moments, like the scene where Joe is invited to join Bill's family for dinner.
When Joe begins to enjoy peanut butter and later falls in love, the experience is somewhat different.
It is obvious that a story as this story is very difficult to structure.
This is one thing to say: "Wouldn't it be fun that death takes on a human form and descends on earth."
To create a film, that's another.
Four writers worked on a script that lacks readers and logic.
It is too long and too primitive to pass like a serious film.
On the other hand, it demonstrates incredible performance and a very decent direction by Martin Brest ("Scent of a Woman").
Hopkins looks great in any role, and no matter how superficial or hollow it is, it will end it.
His talent and charisma are necessary here more than any other, because he saves the film from a full embarrassment.
But Pitt is the one who obtained one of the most difficult roles of the recent hour.
How can you play death in human form?
For me, it seems that death and life are not something that can be associated with terrestrial questions.
These are not creatures, but phenomena.
To say that death takes on a human form would be the same as to suggest that eternity would take a human form.
Managing such a ridiculous task is incredibly difficult and Pitt deserves a certain credit for his work.
Speaking in a calm and gentle voice, describing death as a lonely, distant and powerful guy who did not know practical terrestrial questions.
He looks and acts more like a death angel, rather than a demon or an executioner with red eyes.
Claire Forlani and others are also good, stretching their stereotypical characters at their limits.
Unfortunately, their performance is not enough to save this film from its self-inflicted misery.
In other words, this is not what I expected from the director of "Scent of a Woman".
he could (and should) b Better with these actors and crews.
In the end, it seems that they have all worked intensively on a soap opera with a devoted appearance.