* This criticism contains spoilers * as with most of his films, the last loser of director Amy Heckerling, is sailing between unpleasant and artificial, and is sometimes both at the same time.
When she tackles big problems, like abortion in quick times at Ridgemont High, it is impossible to say if it is actually doing or Glib (they wear an almost documentary hard), but whatever the case,It continually refuses politically.
This is the tendency of the sitcom of his work: to compromise the innocence of his characters, then to press the reset button.
This fear of drama embittered me on quick times ..., look who speaks, distraught and now loser, in which MS.HECKERLING also demonstrates, for the first time, a zero affinity for the environment.
Has anyone, for example, have already met a girl in the stylistic vein of Dora de Mena Suvari?
In dressed in Thrift Black, her Macula eye shadow on Racoon Chic and her Bangy red hair barely contained by clips for girls, she accepts the Goth label, but no Goth girl who never respects hearing, like Dora, these geriatric rockers Everclear Everclear, nor willingly went nowhere with a foreigner Fratboy brandishing with six.
The mechanics of the old old introverte-boy of loser-folls-pour-girl loser-girl leads its protagonists to cultural non-specificity, so that they become even less than stereotypes.
They become cabinets on foot.
The transplantation of a small town Paul (a strangely static jason biggs), our eponymous hero, always carries his wool hunter cap with shutters covering the ears, and below rests a separate mop that could not scream "shemp" (the wigBoxer) louder.
He has three sufficient roommates (the one -dimensional trio is not supposed to be brothers, but they share similar facial characteristics, including and especially mouths), and their sense of fashion is incomprehensibly glamorous.
Although they are not openly transmitted, Heckerling seems to equalize flamboyance to wickedness; how to cruise many.
 (The dormitories conspire to expel Paul and regularly molester the women they have drugged.
Dora decreases ignoring one of their dates rape potions.
Unfortunately, Heckerling or the studio is too loose to admit if it was then raped.)
When Paul saves Dora from this fear of narcotics, he learns that she is going out with their creamy European teacher Edward Alcott (superb Greg Kinnear).
Although Paul is already in love with Dora at this stage, as he necessarily arrived at the losers when pretty girls addresses them by their name, he becomes altruistic and claims that the flowers he had bought to him are in fact toAlcott.
She is delighted, but nevertheless spends a few days with Paul to recover; the two bind himself on emergency kitten surgery and a piece of Broadway ("cabaret"), and just when Paul was made in his headThat she begins to love her in this non-friendly way, she decides to become the girlfriend of Live-in of Alcott.
CUE PRECIOUS Tribute to the graduate, the photos of Paul deriving around Berkeley - Er ...
 (Apart from: "Parsley, Sage, Rosemary & Thyme" by Simon & Garfunkel should have been authorized in another film.)
Heckerling has a lot in common with Nora "You Got Mail" Ephron, the only other prominent chick that heads today, in that one nor the other has no use for women volunteers.
The men continue to tread Dora until the bitter end (in the final scene, she gives Paul a big stupidity after having dropped his feelings in what is equivalent to a scary ultimatum), and dora ultimately increases drugs against her will-Mere-to-mere some hours after Paul suggests that she was poisoned, she joyfully redecoked her apartment.
 (Heckerling is so left on the question in general that it reserves the co-pumping of potential rapists for the titles of Jokey Epilogue.)
Aside from the Goth veneer, there are a lot of girls who behave as erratically as Dora, and enough young people angry with Ude filmmakers to make films about them.
Heckerling is missing her shot so that Dora transforms into a model, and although such arcs are not the social responsibility of Heckerling, it is a privilege that I would have benefited if I was in its place.
 (Also consider that Dora is the only film director.)
Not that the loser is worth considering this seriously - God knows that Heckerling has not done so.
It is his brand.
 (--- For more criticisms of first, DVD, and books on films, plus competitions and the proverbial "Plus!",
Visit 'Film Freak Central', '@ http: // Filmfreakcentral.filet
---)