America likes convenience.
After all, we are the culture that invented the mobile phone, the automatic counter 24 hours a day and my most loved, the remote control.
However, perhaps this time, with ghosts of March, we put our love of convenience far.
Ghosts of Mars features Natasha Henstridge as hard as nails, Pill-Poppin ', Martian Cop, sent with his squadron to recover "Demolition" Williams (Ice Cube) from a remote mining city for the trial.
When she and her comrades, nicknamed "The Commander", "The Rookies" appropriately, and the cool guy discovers that city residents are slaughtered, they are forced to team up with Williams to escapeFrom the head of the head of the remaining residents, foreign races possessed.
Filled with a beautiful overuse of narrative flashbacks, flashes of flashes and changes in view, Ghosts of Mars is an unfortunate badly constructed dialogue meli-melo and poorly designed action sequences.
The only thing that prevents this film from becoming an incomprehensible mess is the silly simplicity of its history.
Ripped directly from the pages of a zombie film from the 1970s, Ghosts jumps from one practical moment to another, stopping only to kill the characters who are the most practical to lose.
The attempts to interact and develop the character are rare and forced.
Most of these moments are presented as a wisdom of Kwik-E-Mart, dispensed in a warm way around the machine of life in the hand of the streetwise at peer temperature of cube.
With a pistol in one hand and a dynamite cap in the other, Cube remembers his street life, comparing the zombie pleasure for "me and my brother when we were children".
Apparently, the crime in the Bronx has become so bad that the residents have in fact taken on to be beheaded ritually for entertainment.
But, even in the darkest moments of the film, the fate conveniently lends a hand, providing heavyly armored transport and easily accessible rifles and dynamite.
Yes, in the future, man can go to space and conquer Mars, but nothing beats a good TNT stick.
And as we all know, each police station, past, present or future, maintains a healthy supply at hand.
The characters die, the heads are deposited, but they only support roles anyway, so why should we worry about it?
As long as you have a lot of drugs, immunity is guaranteed.
Finally, even, even the most formed zombie stranger becomes a bit marshy and must be taught a lesson.
What better way than to sacrifice some minor characters to a practical nuclear detonation, killing everything that machine guns cannot manage.
The explosions are fun.
And even if nuclear weapons do not get them, the dynamite packs conveniently placed in the train stolen from the entire road warrior will certainly do it.
In the end, this film is defined when the court of our cop pronounces: "Is this all you have to tell us?"
Because, indeed, John Carpenter missed things to say, and rather decided to use everything that is practical to tell a ridiculously bad story.