Wizards is an animated feature that starts with a narration of epic proportions.
On black and white drawings, we are told that the earth is destroyed in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange, sending the remains of humanity by generations of mutation induced by radiation.
The "original" inhabitants of the earth, fairies and elves come back to populate the globe, as well as their evil and mutant counterparts.
One day (and I say "one day" so as not to be commonplace, but because that's exactly how it happened - no notice), a fairy queen gives birth to twins, a good and awrong.
The twins become powerful wizards, the good embracing magic, and bad technology using technology to try to extend its bad empire.
We are given the idea that a ultimate battle must occur between the forces of magic and those of technology.
As non -original as the premise be, I was still interested in the way this story would be played out.
There are a lot of things you can do in an animated fantastic world, after all.
I quickly learned, however, that the fantasy was the expectation of a decent film.
Once the transition is made from motioned art to color animation, an entirely different sensation has priority.
Rather than the epic saga promised by the narration, we get a clumsy world of a cartoon on Saturday morning.
Not just the look, beware, but all the wacky looks like> Honk Boing
For years, Blackwolf has lost its battles against the magic forces of good, because its army of ogres and other mutants would be discouraged or distracted shortly after the battle.
However, Blackwolf now has a secret weapon: the Nazis.
Yup, Adolf Hitler, Luftwaffe and Wehrmacht.
Okay, not the real things, but an archive film that his servants unearthed.
Projected in the sky so that everyone can see it, he inspires his own army while shocking the enemy in submission long enough for the Ogres to hack them.
Before you know, there are dead elves everywhere.
It's as good.
The characters are so bad that the spectator does not care about any of them.
They are silly, Sappy, both.
The dialog gets a large part of the credit for this.
An example is when Avatar does not say that: "Well, looks like my brother and I start our final battle."
Not very great when he is also the guy who says: "It is the greatest disappointment of a trip that I have ever been."
My favorite line came from a touch of touch that is requested by her child by her child why good cannot ride against the ill -loaded of the Nazis.
His answer is: "They have weapons and technology.
We just have love. "
It is enough to say that the characters are strictly two -dimensional, and we therefore expect nothing more than evidence.
What he does.
The only unexpected event is the way in which the final battle between the brothers is played out, which is anti -climatic and disappointing.
Please note that this is unexpected action.
that it is not disappointing.
The film could not be satisfied with a particular mood.
It seems to move from darkness to light with the scene from the stage to the stage and even from the angle to the angle.
The scenes which are apparently intended to contain a deep meaning are ruined by acts of lightness.
The dramatic, which seem to occur at random, are too staged and too active, harming any type of value or even pleasure which could otherwise be gleaned.
Ralph Bakshi, the director, made an obvious attempt to get a message across this film: Hitler and the Nazis were bad.
So who doesn't already know it?
Well, maybe children.
Okay, you could say that it is a film for children.
it's not .
In the scenes where the good fights evil, there is a lot of violence and blood that children should not see if they look at a cartoon.
So is the film for adults?
If this is the case, we probably don't need to be struck on the head to get the point.
Why not have the symbolic bad guys of the Nazis instead of using the old Propaganda in a seriously disjointed attempt to show us something that we already know?
Wizards gives us many sequences of nazi tanks and planes, and Hitler pronouncing speeches.
However, we see no reason why they should be considered bad.
We do not see any committed atrocities, not even real combat sequences.
There is absolutely no link established between the armies of evil and the third Reich, and we do not even have a superficial explanation on the reason why these things are inspiring in the first place.
This should be considered much more in detail if a point had to be done, because a subject like this deserves better treatment.
I would like to assume that Bakshi was trying to say that the same nationalist movement that led the Nazis could occur anywhere, at any time, and we must therefore be vigilant.
However, I don't know if I want to give him so much credit.