How do you judge a film so bad, but intentionally as well?
In Spiceworld, the very popular singing group The Spice Girls achieves its major objective: making fun of a deliberately scary film and having a lot of fun doing it.
If it was their goal, they did a fantastic job.
So, is it just to give her such a note when she was not really supposed to be much better than that?
Honestly, I prefer to see this film before many others that I gave higher notes, so does that mean that I classified it in an inaccurate way?
To tell the truth, I don't really think I can answer this question.
To understand Spiceworld, you must understand the Spice Girls.
Unless you are very * very * young or quite older, you have probably heard of it.
They are a group of five British babies who had singles n ° 1 and whose first album sold millions.
They are mainly adored by pre-adolescent girls who one day hope that the content of their training bras could correspond to those of Ginger Spice (Real Name: Geri Haliwell) Wonderbra.
The five girls have these "spicy" names for which they are better known than their real names.
There are aforementioned ginger spices, as well as sports spices (Melanie Chisholm, or Mel C.), Scary Spice (Melanie Brown, or Mel Btous, to a certain extent or in another, resemble their stage names.
The Spice Girls took the world by assault, and Spiceworld is actually a well -humored parody of everything that happened during their rapid ascent to glory.
It's pretty pleasant to see what good sports are girls (and not just those doubled Sporty) to make fun of themselves.
They don't take themselves too seriously, and it's probably the best thing about them.
It is also surprising to see how natural they seem in front of the camera * acting *, and not only sing and dance.
They are not impeccable in some so what).
What makes the film bad is that the extreme fans of the Spice Girls do not get enough of their music, while the rest of us do not have enough film.
The real point is to watch the Spice Girls for more than eighty consecutive minutes.
Most of the film is very blas?, But several parts are downright boring, then they have these sporadic moments that really make us laugh!
If you are a big fan of the group, you will probably not have enough what you want, and if you are not a big fan, you get too much time spent more than moments "Watch us".
For the right crowd, the sequences of "video clip" will be the highlights of the film, but for others, they will serve as a three -minute lilled in a hectic but too inexpensive scenario.
The other key actors include Richard E. Grant Clifford, the manager of the Spice Girls, Alan Cumming as the filmmaker Piers Cutherton-Smyth who tries to make a documentary from the group, George Wendt as Martin Barnfield, a producer who works constantly on theFilm Spice Girls, Etroger Moore in a small self-adorning role.
All provide relatively good performance, keeping in mind once again that this film was not supposed to be seriously grouped.
Even meat bread appears as Dennis the bus driver and seems to have fun with it.
Although this film is continuously compared to the hard night of the Beatles, I think it is an unfair comparison.
It is supposedly the cinema studio which first crashes the comparison through press kits, but I do not think that Drector Bob Spires, nor the Spice Girls, did not want it.
I think the studios were just trying to stimulate the media threshing and the interest in the film, and they rather turned out to be rather pretentious.
I don't think this film is trying to be more than pleasure, Satirica I watch a group that has become so big, a film seemed the next probable step.
And what could have been better than an auto-close but self-moving approach?
Probably nothing, and that's how.
Spiceworld is a film that I thought embarrassing to enjoy, but now I find myself wanting to defend a film that I have not even given a good review.
It's bad, but he succeeds in all the ways he wanted.
This gives Spice Girls a chance to play while allowing all these obsessive fans to indulge in every moment without brain.
Maybe the group is nothing more than a gadget.
If this is the case, the film gadget is that it * is * such a gadget!
Could you say: "A Spice Girls film?
Come on! ", But when it comes, I think that's the point.