Battlefield Earth is the worst film of 2000, and I guarantee that nothing else this year will approach.
In fact, I will be surprised if I see something so bad in the next ten years.
Based on the novel by Scientology Guru L.ron Hubbard, Battlefield Earth begins and we immediately discover two key information.
This is the year 3000, and an extraterrestrial race called Psychlos (which looks like a team of Mexican wrestlers) conquered our planet in nine minutes.
Ok, we have every 10 seconds and I have a million questions that run in my mind.
When did we conquer?
The public is led to believe that it happened about 1,000 years earlier, and if this is the case, we will put ourselves in a lot of problems later (believe me ... ..
continue to read).
Also, why not see the earth be won over?
How do you make a hell make a popcorn science fiction film and do not deliver goods on the only event that sets up the film?
Humans now live as men of caves or slaves, and for the first act of the film, we focus on a group of cave men in particular outside Denver, Colorado.
They growl and groan and babble on monsters.
Thus, when the psychlos conquered the earth, the only humans had not captured a herd of newborns who crawled their way to security in the hills?
None of these characters has knowledge of the conquest of the planet (whenever it was).
This is certainly not the way to start an action / science fiction film.
One of the humans walks in the desert and comes across what he thinks is a monster, and he begins to fight him.
The "monster" turns out to be a dinosaur of an old miniature golf course.
He turns around and sees all kinds of other characters from the golf course, with shrubs that grow up on them.
So, in 1,000 years, this stupid little golf course has resisted the time test, with only a few weeds growing on it?
Be that as it may, some of the humans are captured by the psychlos led by Terl (John Travolta) a smart and opportunistic extraterrestrial planning to steal a recently discovered gold deposit.
The men of the caves (led by Barry Pepper) are forced to make their auctions or other, but ultimately they win the upper hand and recover the planet, or something.
Are these cave men therefore capable of doing what the land has not done 1,000 years earlier?
And, we are supposed to believe that the earth was won over in nine minutes by a group of buffoon foreigners who cannot even manage some men from the caves?
One of the ways that humans recover the planet is to take control of abandoned Air Force planes and use them to fight psychlos.
So the jets left unattended for 1,000 years are still able to fly?
Please, if I leave my car unattended for two weeks, I have to replace each liquid and pipe under the hood.
Why did psychlos leave jets anyway?
Shouldn't they have destroyed military facilities during their massive nine-minute campaign against us?
Psychlos call humans as "men's animals" but yet dogs are still "dogs".
Why are they not "dog animals"?
The psychlos are after the exploitation of the precious resources of the earth, but for 1,000 years are not aware of Fort Knox?
Why do I even care at this stage?
I am a fan of Travolta and I am happy to see that he is back on list A in Hollywood (despite the fact that he sometimes turns off Dreck like Dreck like Michael and Phenomenon).
But how did he think it was a good film?
And how did he think he gave good performance here?
He is more than capable of making a threatening villain (see an arrow and a broken face) but each time his character came to the screen, I could not hold my laughter.
Now, despite the different characteristics of the face, the members of this extraterrestrial race seem to have, Travolta looks like Travolta.
All the other extraterrestrials have strange fronts or other sharp bones on their face, but Travolta just has a beard.
Also, the acts of Travolta with a sort of upper class snot cans A constantly emphasized and moans on bureaucratic nonsense in its original world.
Ooooo, frightening villain.
As a producer, he should know better and as an actor, he should certainly know better.
You can make a stupid film but science fiction (I love independence day for example), but there is absolutely nothing entertaining in Battlefield Earth.
I did everything I could to stay awake during the screening ...
I cleaned my glasses, traveled the theater, makes a grocery list, chosen my lottery numbers for the week, replayed the Super Bowl XXV in my head (with advertisements) ...
And has always been forced to scrutinize the inside of my eyelids.
As we really reach 3000, people should always avoid this film.
People, save your money.
Do not see it, do not rent it and buy it.
You would be more entertained by taking the money you would use for this film and throwing it in the wind, watching it sail (hell, send it to the Jacksonville Movie Journal here .. .. ..
We will entertain you a lot with this kind of money).
Unless of course you are not captivated by countless idle photos of Barry Pepper's running, which is almost everything you leave from this film.
That, and a headache.
[Note from the publisher: for any reason, the day after my projection, I converted to Scientology.
I do not know why...
Something made me feel obliged to make the choice.]]