Whether I would be considered or not a hike probably depends on who you would ask.
I was a fan of the original series and its recently retired monitoring, as well as uniform entries from the film series.
However, I have never been one of those people who store minute trees and who put in the debates on the relative merits of Spock vs.
Somewhere along the line, the series of "Star Trek" films began to seem more and more directed against those of this last category, and Star Trek: Generations can be the natural conclusion of this direction.
Its production values can be high, but writing is often appalling, and instead of a script has a collection of references, jokes and ill -defined characters.
The generations open at the end of the 23rd century, where members of the original Enterprise crew, including Captain James T.Kirk (William Shatner), are present at the baptism of the last ship to bear this name.
No sooner is it on his inaugural journey than a distress signal brings them to the Nexus, a mysterious ribbon of energy.
Among those who are saved from the Nexus, there is Alien DR with long lifespan.Soran (Malcolm McDowell), but it is not too expensive to be back in the real world.
Seventy-eight years later, Soran is still trying to return to the Nexus and meets a company again, this led by Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart).
Soran's plan is to destroy a star with a inhabited planet, and the only hope of saving 230 million people is the historic meeting of two business captains.
I do not think it is an insult for "Star Trek" fans to suggest that to a certain extent, the details of a plot are not really the most important elements of a film "Trek".
It is a chance to visit with old friends, and if they are involved in a really interesting story, it can be considered as sauce.
But even this interpretation supposes that the characterization must be consistent, and in generations, it simply does not happen.
The data (Brent Spiner) are particularly victimized by this botched writing.
In the major sub-place of the film, the data decide to use a chip which will give him human emotions, a chip he has in his possession for more than a year.
What is his motivation to make this drastic and perhaps dangerous stage?
He has no joke.
Once the chip is in place, Spiner has a lot of fun with data new emotions, but the fact is that it is no longer the data we know.
If the rest of the casting of the "next generation" behaves better, it is only because they are so little on the screen that they are simply dressing.
But then again, this story does not really concern the new crew.
These are Kirk and Picard, the cowboy and the politician, sharing the screen.
The huge surprise is that William Shatner blows Patrick Stewart.
Perhaps because he knows that it is his last lap in the part that made him a legend, Shatner seems to have the time of his life; Stewart, on the other hand, borders the perspective and isFighting with the same dull motivations as everyone in distribution.
Stewart's nervousness is indicative of what can be a very bad sign for the hopes of Paramount to transform the new casting in the same type of franchise as the original distribution was: they are clearly the players who are not ready for large screens.
On the other hand, the prologue who presents Scotty (James Doohan) and Chekhov (Walter Koenig) is the highlight of the film.
These characters are part of popular mythology, and when they take control of the business in a moment of distress, it is a moment of great energy.
Only thirty years of history can create a moment like that, and it is time that this new crew does not have.
This certainly does not help that the intrigue in which they are stuck is so complicated and badly constructed that you have to leave a trace of breadcrumbs to find your way.
He is also responsible for small gags all the objectives Ed to those who know the series enough to turn to all their friends in a shared recognition.
I wonder if anyone who arrives cold in the "trek" universe at this stage would be anything but disconcerted and bored by what is happening.
And what a waste of Malcolm McDowell, who could have been a great monomanic villain but should have received a much more convincing reason for his obsession.
There are a lot of details that are both scientific and continuity to choose, but that would be to ignore the main defects of generations.
However, I would like to make a recommendation: safety belts.
Not only for the Enterprise crew, although you thought that the journey to the 24th century space would not imply riding on the ground during a battle.
No, I think the public could need more.
This trip is a bumpy ride.