It was with great impatience that I sat down to see Braveheart last week when he was first on American Cable.
The award -winning film at the Oscars had been very acclaimed.
He also presented the music of one of my favorite cinema composers, James Horner.
What I was being a disappointing and surprising film that was anything but the best film of 1995.
What drags Braveheart down is his scenario.
It abounds with high production values: the award -winning cinematography of John Toll (which also honored the 1994 autumn legends of Edward Zwick), a magnificent Horner score, and the kind of logistics that makes you wish thatDeputy directors were household names.
But that does not save an erroneous script.
The film wishes to paint its central character as a hero, but the spectator's only response to his "heroism" is intellectual: William Wallace (producer-director Mel Gibson) fights for freedom and against tyranny, we must root.
But Wallace's actions paint a different story.
He talks about freedom and acts of revenge.
Although we realize intellectually that Wallace is on the right side, the film painted an unconvincing emotional carried, in which Wallace is simply not as bad as the English king.
Wallace talks about freedom, but its actions point to revenge.
After deporting the Englishman from Scotland, he decided to invade England.
This is obvious of a "Spartacus complex", and this example applies both historically and cinematographic.
The historic Spartacus at some point has gone from liberating slaves to the dismissals of Roman cities; the film Spartacus, like Braveheart, has high production values and competent performances and is trained by a horrible scenario.
It's a shame that an excellent score is part of such a terrible film.
Horner's score tries to make an emotional connection, but the performance and the script do not help.
Gibson depicts Wallace in such a way that the public cannot relate to him or identify with him.
This results in any emotional connection with the intrigue of the film and transforms three hours into a total waste of time.