Okay, support me all, because I must first remove it from my chest:
What's going on with this sacred crab ???
phew.
Because this same clip shown again and again was starting to get upset towards the end, as cute as the crab maybe.
Even I know you need more sequences than * that *.
And it was not the only thing that annoys me.
The cute gadgets, the score / soundtrack of Saccharine Sweet Score and the pretty young faces of Sarah Michelle Gellar (like Amanda) and Sean Patrick Flannery (like Tom) could have appealed during, Oh, the first 10 minutes of the film.
At first, the film evolves at a quick and interesting pace.
It is quickly established that something magic is about to arrive in Amanda when they meet a person of the completely random fairy type in the street, whose aforementioned crab follows her everywhere and will not die *.
A ridiculous concept, yes, but at this stage, I am ready to accept it because I am ready to accept that this is how Amanda's life has changed, how his powers are received.
Later, the film does not seem to decide whether these powers come from this godfather of fairy or Amanda falling with Tom.
And that is why the crab clips were boring; they were not only repetitive, they were out of words and useless.
The intrigue trips at an unequal speed, sometimes lingering too long on a particular development (Amanda suddenly becoming a great chef, she falls in love with Tom, etc.), sometimes moving too quickly for her own good.
Some places where the intrigue simply does not make sense, sometimes it is far too artificial (the crab bit, for example), and sometimes too cheesy (peaches emitting dry ice.
I can't beat that).
Overall, the plot seemed fragmented, unconnected.
Not at all romantic, and only funny in certain places.
So, okay, do magic powers come from crab?
Or the godfather of the fairy?
Can she * float * Now too?
And all of a sudden, instead of simply bringing out the dry ice from the peaches, can she put her emotions in her food?
Tom suddenly accepts the "witchcraft" of Amanda at the end?
Would people really dine in a restaurant that looks like life after death in Tupac's video?
What's going on with this sacred crab?
It is unfortunate, because I liked the basic premise of the film, until it becomes too fantastic and tedious.
The film seemed to bypass a serious or at least * theme theme for a while, but towards the end, it decided to show us long flashback clips and 5 minutes of people who were crying for their tables.
The humor was good in certain places (Nolan obtains the funniest pieces, including this incomprehensible and totally random thing with the dolls).
Gellar and Flannery are qualified actors, and Gellar has a particular charm, but I prefer to play Buffy sauce (or even Annette in "cruel intentions" to come) that this sorry excuse for a character.
It is almost funny to see these two try so strongly to make the dialogue better than it is, or to try to make the relationship more plausible.
The nolan support character was a highlight, although he reminded me a little Kevin in "You Got Mail" (see the footnote).
And, as always, typical of a romantic chick / comedy film, there is a romantic soundtrack apparently endless in the background, cut in all good places.
These kinds of nerves were also nervous after a while.
 "Simply irresistible" is not difficult to understand, light, funny in certain places, and generally disappointing because it cannot trace the line between romance and prolonged sap, between humor and tired slapstick.
And how could I abstain from playing a play on words?
 .
 .
 .
 "Simply irresistible" is too easy to resist.
 (First visualization, 2/6/99)
 * Has anyone else thought that it was a bit similar to "You Got Mail" (or "The Shop at the corner of the street")?
B The rivals of use fall in love.
The affairs of the female counterpart are likely to be closed.
Woman like a silhouette like the mother guiding her.
Boring and hysterical ex-girlfriends.
 * I'm really_ like Sarah Michelle Gellar's wardrobe.