14 years ago, National Lampoon presented a new family to us - Griswolds.
In 1983, the Griswolds embarked on a cross-country trip with the destination of Wally World, a world-renowned themed park in California.
We laughed at the head as we shared the wild and crazy misadventures that the family endured.
Two years later, we watched again while they went to Europe, and four years after that, we shared Christmas with them.
Now eight years have passed, and laughter has more than died.
They were cremated.
Vegas Vacation brings back Chevy Chase like Clark Griswold, the good intentioned but unhappy father of two children.
The premise is fundamentally the same.
Clark has a wonderful idea of taking his family on vacation in conjunction, this time in Las Vegas.
His wife Ellen (Beverly d'Angelo) and her teenagers Rusty and Audrey (still played by different actors - this time, by Ethan Embry and Marisol Nichols, respectively) join him and they soon find themselves in Sin City whereCasinos will do the backdrop for eighty minutes of slapstick.
Of course, a "vacation" film would not be complete without the right Ole Eddie (taken up by Randy Quaid), the unsuitable cousin, appearing at all bad times.
There is not too much intrigue here when it gets there.
It's really just a sketch film.
There are a few ways to define a sketch film, which is not a real term as long as I know.
The first would be a film that has essentially a racing gag for two hours, so released like a two -hour sketch.
The second would be a film that seems to understand about twenty short sketches, each lasts about five minutes.
The holidays in Vegas take place as the first.
A good example of the latter would be the black sheep of last year.
The problem with this format is that it becomes old quickly, and that it does not really fit into a film mold.
In these cases, a "conspiracy", which is generally very thin, is used either as a shameless filling between the scenes or to simply add the convenience to the gags (i. E.
Have a good joke in Vegas, make a vegas film).
This is the case with the mini-intrigues of this film.
Clark gets fever of games of chance and begins to spend all the money from Griswold, Ellen is about to affect Wayne Newton (!), Rusty has a false identity document and uses it to hisGame advantage, and Audrey is desperate for pleasure and the winds of his cousin Vickie (Shae d'Yn) as an exotic dancer.
The simple fact is: this film is not funny.
At first, I found myself laughing at a good heart to a few little jokes, but when the film rolled, my interest suddenly stopped.
Chase plays Clark Griswold very well.
He did the character and he is the character.
D'Angelo, to be completely honest, has never been too impressive than Ellen, and this film shows no sign of redemption.
As for the two new graywold children, the word "black" comes to my mind.
The "Vacation" series seems to prove that anyone can play these two characters, the simple reason being that there is nothing for them.
They are so generic, you expect the credits to read "Girl # 1 like Audrey Griswold".
The holidays in Vegas differ from the first three of the series by more than the laughter.
Yes, it is true that Vegas Vacation is not even close to being as funny as the others, which were in fact quite fun in their own way, but there are a few other things that distinguish it negatively.
First of all, why did they leave aside the head of the National Lampoon on the title?
I did not find any reasons why, but perhaps the fact is even that National Lampoon did not want to be associated with such a lame film.
It says a lot, especially when you look at what the company has proudly presented: weapon 1, PCU, etc. they expected He sucks the film, they did not do it.
There is another difference here which has an obvious impact.
The first three films in the series "Vacation" were written by John Hughes, a talented writer who is behind several popular films from the 80s, including MR.
Mom, sixteen candles, The Breakfast club, strange science, pretty in pink, the day of leave of Ferris Bueller, planes, trains and cars and uncle Buck.
Wowzers!
What is a R? Somme?!
Looking at the names, you might think that this guy wrote everything that is now a film icon for the 1980s.
Well, that's not all.
This guy also brought us sure of the 90s, including the Home Alone series, the 101 Dalmatian remake, Dennis the threat and the current Flubber.
The holidays in Vegas, however, did not have John Hughes behind, and the loss is very obvious.
This time, the script is in the hands of Elisa Bell, the only credits of which so far include four films made on television.
Vegas Vacation plays a lot like one, and it would actually work much better as a TV suite.
If it looks like a wild idea, this is not the case.
The revenge of the third and fourth payments was both TV movies, and they seemed that.
Vegas Vacation would integrate well on the Fox network as 2: 00 A.M.
Sunday morning film, but as a major silver film, it is completely out of words.
Stephen Kessler's jejune management does not help things either.
He only makes the film even more televised.
Each consecutive "vacation" film has been reduced to the power of achievement.
We started the series with Harold Ramis, who also produced Caddyshack and Groundhog Day as well as the Ghostbusters co-writing.
Not bad .
Then, we had the European Lampoon holidays produced by Amy Heckerling, who was going to direct the look of tubes that speaks and distraught, while having already directed the infamous quick times at Ridgemont High.
Finally, we had the National Lampoon Christmas holidays, led by Jeremiah S.Chechik, who directed the charming Benny & Joon.
Kessler, so far, has a title to his credit, the short film Birch Street Gym, which received an Oscar nomination in 1992.
Admittedly that it was his first attempt at a feature film, we can allow an amateur quality, but instead, we get a film directly from the manual - boring, bland and deeply without original.
If you liked the "vacation" films, and I know * some * of us have done so, there is still nothing to do here.
If you love them, do not ruin your good impressions of the series by engaging in this tragic example of Ala Card cinema.
If you never liked the series, why the need to confirm why?