Maybe this mission should have been rubbed
Mission to Mars
A film review by Michael Redman Copyright 2000 by Michael Redman
There is a world of difference between artists and technicians.
The artist has a vision of creating something new.
He may not do it well, he could be sloppy, but that's something you've never seen before.
A good technician can make him beautiful, but without the direction of his own inner artist or someone else, it will be just an Xerox.
Obviously, successful films need two skills.
Brian de Palma is a masterful technician.
He spent his career copying others, notably Hitchcock.
He generally knows exactly what to do to operate a scene, but only because he learned it by heart.
Aside from the rare flashes of originality, his films are often died of soul.
In the last of De Palma, he turns his attention to Stanley Kubrick.
To tell the truth, I appreciated parts of this film, but I liked it much better over 30 years ago when it was called "2001".
I appreciated it even more when it was entitled "Close encourage".
NASA targeted in Mars.
When the first crew meets a disaster, a rescue mission is sent to the red planet.
They don't do so well either, but end up meeting the only surviving astronaut -rasta and solving the mysteries of the universe.
And everything is so boring.
There are so many scenes that just don't work, it's difficult to start.
When the first crew is a few meters from a massif upside down of the Martian tornado (which is remarkably like a sand worm of "dune") destroying everything on its way, they simply drag on.
error .
The most interesting character (and that doesn't say much) is killed.
error .
The stranger is laughable.
error .
The other characters are the dull imaginable people.
error .
There is a pretty eyecandy.
The face on Mars, which turns out to be a giant Thai Buddha head, looks cool.
A three -dimensional holographic planetarium is more fun to monitor than Disney World.
The maneuver in space combinations outside the ship seems realistic.
But there is so much more that seems to have been there before.
From "2001", there is the rotating space station, the blinding white room.
> "Close encourage", they solve a sound puzzle and play it for extraterrestrials.
The list continues.
The actors are mainly mobile wood statues.
Even Gary Sinise and Tim Robbins cannot bring together enough emotion to convince us that they breathe.
No one seems to worry about everything that is happening.
You won't do it either.
The worst sin is the flagrant placement of product as Dr.The pepper, with a 20 feet high logo, saves the day.
They should save advertisements for these insipid bits before the film.