The spy game is in place.
You can thank Charlie's Angels - The film - for that.
When have banality and pandering become correct?
Fly to fly just to Hong Kong, the matrix and a kitsch television program from the mid -1970s and is that a film?
Charlie's Angels is one of the worst examples of homogeneity of the action film and shameless duplicity in any film that I have seen for ages.
Charlie's Angels is stupid.
Simply stupid.
As we all know, three of the hottest women on the planet - Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and Lucy Liu - are three super -agents working for the mysterious millionaire named Charlie.
They all lead fast cars, look at Si-Poule even in the morning, and do not seem to scratch even when you fought armed men, exploding buildings at ten feet in front of them, or flying in the air in the slow-Matrix.
And while the entourage spends 90 minutes to dress in combinations of neckline fabric, cloth uniforms and wet t-shirts take off, they barely manage to look like a group of girlsAnnoying and drunk sorority, like Quifprappez everyone during a party.
The real intrigue revolves around the ridiculous history of a millionaire computer engineer - the great Sam Rockwell - who is kidnapped by a mysterious rival computer company.
Of course, the rival wants control of its new personal identification system, which involves the fashionable words of the last days such as GPS, cellular monitoring and even mainframe.
The incredible Crispin Glover lends his actor chops as crazy henchmen involved in all the unpleasant things that come to the angels - like fighting each of them in many combat sequences at the Round Round matrix (still)And nourish a strange attraction for a strange spurring attraction in slices of the hair of angels.
The blow of grace is Bill Murray in the role of Bosley, serving as discontent of Charlie, or, more precisely, the pimp of the angels.
The rest of the film includes an arc of revenge, enough costume changes to fill three miserable productions, carbon-copy combat sequences which would lend credible evidence to a jackie chan and to the Wachowski Brothers trial for the flight of intellectual property, and the strange transformation of the trans transformation of the Rockwell in Mickey Rourke's lost brother.
Charlie's Angels begins with a blow and ends up being a soggy burrito left out during the night.
Nothing is difficult, plausible or credible in the actions of the angels.
It looks like the matrix, mission: impossible 2, and Cleopatra Jones and the Casino d'Or have all rolled in one.
Diaz is a point.
Barrymore is the "dangerous", bad and hard and roughly as credible as Katie Holmes in the role.
Liu is right ...
Lucy Liu, who looks good in a tight black leather suit with skin.
The list of films from which Charlie's Angels is directly lifted is just as surprising.
The writers apparently directed the copier all night to steal scenes from Armageddon, Lethal Weapon II, all the films of Jackie Chan, The Great Escape, Saturday Night Fever, Revenge of the Nerds, Payback, Darkman, Dr.non,The matrix (as mentioned), and even the friends of television.
It is also a shame, because one of the many writers, John August, was at the head of the favorite last year, Go.
Again, what can you expect from a director known only as "MCG".
There is no camp value in the film, no interesting main characters, no invigorating action scenes, no reason to waste your time, except to eye hot chicks and take advantage of the performance of some support players.
Note in Hollywood: Next time, let's leave television shows on the TV.