The last line (or close to this honor) is the great butler, Alfred (The Ubergod, Michael Gough) saying: "I think we need a greater bat cave", or somethingnote.
This is exactly what this film is - too big for its own good because it has too much.
Cut Batgirl.
Cut one of the bad guys.
It's too much to manage in a dosage.
It is so much that the characters are left behind.
Poor she only obtains 3 scenes and a secondary intrigue which is introduced but never finished in any way, in shape or shape.
And it deserves better.
This is the fourth of the gigantic series of films and the second of director Joel Schumacher.
It is also the fourth worst in the series (and the second worst of Joel).
The series has decreased since its breathtaking beginnings, followed by the suite almost as the third anti-climatic (first by Joel).
This is not anti-climatic-I knew it was going to suck.
It is up to Joel to make him fun.
 "Batman Forever" was fun.
It is a large bore of too much -produced action sequences and shallow characters.
I mean, this song.
I will put the whole plot into a single paragraph: M.Freeze (Ah-Nold), whose woman was dying of a disease, has become the new big bad one these days.
It is a great ex-scientist who fell into a strange liquid (hello?
Joker?) And now has a body temperature with a large zero fat and has a blue body.
Batman (George) and Robin (Chris) fight him a little but find that they separate.
Meanwhile, another villain presents itself, Poison Ivy (Uma!), Which was an idiotic scientist chick working on flowers in South America with a scientist in torso (John Glover) who kills her when she discovers thatHe used his research to develop a Uberman, Bane, who is essentially a man pumped from chemicals who probably killed any personality he has ever had.
She emerges from her chemicals (do not ask because I can't tell you) as a sexy woman (the real uma) who is poison when or if you kiss her and to an aphrodiasian perfume, she blows to people.
She begins to tear herself to the dynamic duo.
Meanwhile, Alfred died of the same disease MR.The woman from Freeze A (but in a previous state as she), and her niece, Barbara (Alicia), comes from Oxford without English accent to keep him away fromMajordoma trade, but soon (well, not very early, it takes him 2 hours) becomes Batgirl.
Meanwhile, in an unfinished secondary intrigue, Bruce (the alter-ego of Batman, if you forgot) dating from the charming Julie Madison (the most in love with Elle Macpherson) who wants a commitment after a year buthe does not say anything.
End of her for everything we know.
M .Freeeze finally teams with Ivy poison and they want to freeze the world and then take it up new plants like their population (do not ask !!).
The trio must join together "family" to beat them.
He's going there.
Not the whole story but no context clues.
Too much, right?
RIGHT !
The films seem to be corrected together of small beautiful ideas that would have done for some good suites.
However, while Tim Burton has well balanced the scenario of Méchant / Batman (but not wonderfully), Joel seems to do almost nothing with Batman in this one.
He obtained cheesy speeches, a few intelligent lines and that's it.
Maybe some stunts.
For all this, I can't even comment on George Clooney as Batman - I barely saw the guy!
And when I did it, he had a horrible dialogue to say.
I think Michael Keaton is the Batman par excellence, but Val Kilmer was too robotic and false like Batman in the last episode.
George is between them.
It is not par excellence, it is not horrible, it is good.
But I am sure that the next time they decide to renovate the series, because they will be murdered critically for this sorry effort, we will have a good script and Clooney will shine (if he always has the job).
The bad guys are the only interesting part of the series according to Schumacher.
the last time, we Had the museum of two faces played by Tommy Lee Jones and the brain / comedy supplied by the Riddler, as made by Jim Carrey.
This time, we have a somewhat sympathetic and somewhat hastable villain (the same guy), Mr.Geler.
We feel bad for its mental / physical collapse, but does it really need to kill everyone for plants?
Arnold is not very good - too hokey but a little sympathetic at certain times.
When he watches his wife's old movies, he looks dark.
Wow .
But Uma draws the best party from its attractive character, obtaining the good point between the marshes and seductivity.
It is as if she were almost parody in "Pulp Fiction" at points.
She is incredibly hot and makes the film about a better star.
As for the lower battle, Chris is the same as in "Batman Forever", although I think that his work in these is too hokey when he is the best in quieter parts in "Scent of a woman"Or simply cool parts. "Green Tomotoes fried."
Alicia - I love the girl but she is not particularly good in this film.
She can act hypothetically, we have all seen this in "Clueless", but her lines seem a little bizarre.
And it's not the pasty mouth this time.
But in all honesty, she has practically no room.
Joel goes to her occasionally and when she is on, she does stupid things ... although
I know that I am not the only one to have liked the fight between her and uma ...
And poor her.
Poor and poor she.
I love this woman and she can also act hypothetically (for those of us who have seen "sirens").
But she has no role !!!
It seems that Joel had so many sequences that he had to modify almost an hour of the final product.
There are no "sofa" scenes (as my best friend has noticed).
Now listen to me on this one-in each film "Batman", there is a sofa scene.
In the original, it was with Vicki.
In "Returns", it was a good makeup scene with Selena.
And in the last one, it was a conversation with Nicole.
This is nothing.
And Batgirl does next time in this film until the end when she suddenly "part of the family".
Fortunately, we get a lot of Alfred.
He is the butler always reliable, in case you did not know, which was with Bruce all his life.
He's a god.
It is a paternal figure.
He is also dying.
It happened to me.
I love Alfred almost as much as Bruce and see him in a dress, not in her tuxedo, and whirling dying awaits me.
We also have the idea that he could have been unhappy all the time ... but
You never answer, because this film is too crowded.
But in defense, he has good pieces, apart from Uma.
On the one hand, George is a good Batman but unfortunately does nothing to do.
And there are beautiful touches.
When they show asylum at some point, they show the patient's belongings in a room and we see the Riddler's costume.
I laughed .
And during a biker scene (involving Robin and Batgirl - another sub -intry never managed the period of previous initiation), we see not only Coolio, but a bunch of bad guys disguised as "Droogs" by "A Clockwork Orange ".
I laughed at all of this.
The film collapses around five minutes during an extremely long action sequence which must last about 20 minutes ... or
Did that look like this?
The film should be another in the long line of films that show that we need smarter films these days.
People are fed up with stupid films.
This is why word of mouth has killed "the lost world!"
This is why last year, Indy Films has more than ever reported.
This is why it will have a strong initiation to the box office of people who just want to see it, like me, but will die after a week or two when the word around the vine kills it.
This is why the next two photos of Aciton on a big budget are "face / off" by John Woo and "Men in Black" by Barry Sonnenfeld, both of which are the first two to take the wave from the start.
I love Joel Schumacher more as a person than a n artist.
I like some of his films ("Flatliners", "A Time to Kill") but many of them are zero.
He is a really eccentric person and I liked one of his quotes on the way he admits to being a mediocre director and that's what makes him great.
But his costume for "Sleeper" by Woody Allen was more interesting than this one (and his costume was cool - search for the Nazi number).
I love the series "Batman".
The first two rocked and I liked the last one.
But this will not be the one I look at several times like the other three.
Hopefully this will also serve as a springboard to a better Batman next time.
And maybe they will become smart and take Catwoman back.
And Michael Keaton.
But we can only hope.