Frank Detorri (Bill Murray) A single father who lives beer and junk food without apparent understanding of sanitation or hygiene, to the chagrin of his pre -adolescent Shane (Elena Franklin).
When he uses the "second rule" to recover a hard egg at the cage of a chimpanzee at the zoo and decreases it, he introduces a fatal bacteria into his system.
Inside his skin, the city of Frank is in a turmoil thanks to the vote of the mayor Flegmming (voice of William Shatner), so it is a white cell Frank PD (voice of Chris Rock) to save the dayIn Peter and "Osmosis Jones" from Bobby Farrelly.
The city of Frank is a cell municipality (animation led by Piet Kroon and Tom Sito) where the Osmosis Jones is a typical rogue cop looking for another chance.
He joins inadvertently with Drix (Voice of David Hyde Pierce, "prasing" TV), a cold capsule with 12 hours of pain relievers to dispense.
This duo of quarrels is about to make a "fantastic journey" in order to track down Thrax (Voice of Laurence Fishburne), the virus intends to close Frank.
Although the animation is certainly colorful to look at, the story of Osmosis Jones is a hackneyed.
The story screams for puny puns, but we only get occasional deviations of spirit or body humor (Drix graduated Phi Beta Capsule, it goes on a bus towards the bladder).
Neither the hero nor the villain is particularly interesting (Thrax looks like an animated "predator"), although Hyde Pierce is a delicious acolyte.
Adults can desperately keep their eyes open for small entertainment that animators dot along the landscape.
Meanwhile, returning to the field of action live, Bill Murray is reduced to anything more than a raw joke on foot.
There is no particular pleasure in finding it vomiting it on Molly Shannon (she embodies the teacher of Shane, Mme. Boyd) or hoisting her embodied nail on a restaurant table.
You have to ask yourself how the climatic plate of the father of a child will also play with the family public.
Rest assured, the whole Echilada is wrapped in a PET joke.
Although much less offensive than Farrelly's last effort "Me, myself and Irene", this film has at least increased some comic peaks with the Hijinx by Jim Carrey.
 "Osmosis Jones" will probably be OK for children, but the Farrelys playing for the family public, it's like watching Marilyn Manson Croon a piece of Phil Collins.