I have always been a fan of Kevin Kline, Silverado, fish called Wanda, Pirates of Penzance and even his hamlet on the great PBS performances.
The minute I saw the trailer for this film, I decided to see it.
Besides the fact that Kline played, it looked like a hilarious film.
However, I was hit the trailer, as I thought too, "wow, if there are a lot of funny things in the trailer, there must be a ton of laughs in the rest of the film.""
 (Oops) I thrilled the woman and I headed for the Cinemas del Diablo (my name for our multi-Multi-Multi-Plex.)
The film started ....
The film concerns an English / dramatic teacher in a suburban high school, named Howard Brackett.
He loves poetry and great literary works, but his class is more interested in his famous former student, played by Matt Dillon.
 (I would have put her name, but my wife won't let me take notes during a film and I forgot it.)
They continually interrupt his long poetic exhibitions with questions that are addressed to him.
Brackett has been engaged to another teacher (played by Joan Cusack) for three years and has finally increased GOPPTE to marry it.
Marriage, however, becomes the big question mark of the film as this famous student said during the live broadcast of the Oscar that Brackett is a homosexual.
Kline spends most of the first two thirds of the film trying to convince everyone that he is not.
The whole city begins to examine every detail of its life and begins to identify all these things that confirm its sexual preference.
His closest friends do not help, only bringing Barbara Streisand Laserdiscs to his deer party.
There are truly hilarious moments, one involving an adhesive tape to help men assert their masculinity.
Kline is hunted down by a gay journalist played by Tom Selleck, who is poetic waxing on the advantages of going out, while doing her best to exploit the situation of his own shady tabloid machinations.
The film moves well and is slowly built at the culmination of marriage.
Kline stands at the altar and is invited to make her wishes ...
If you want to be surprised, don't read, I'm going to reveal the end.
 ... Instead of saying "I do it" in front of his parents and most of the city, and even cameras, he says "I'm gay".
This is where the film, in my opinion, collapses.
Most of the humor of the film had come from Kline's insistence to what he was straight, while loving poetry and as guys from Sinsstivis, dress well and act occasionally Prissy.
This reminded me of the "heterosexual effect" sketch of Saturday Night Live.
It was funny, it was durably funny, and Kline's performance did it doubly.
However, after the wedding, the film takes place.
They should have tried to conclude quickly, but that then enters the serious side of what he did.
He reconciled with his parents and friends, some of whom had turned against him.
There are several scenes that seemed to be a waste of time, the scene with his mother and his friends, which was hilarious, seemed useless, and the scene with Tom Selleck in the bar with Joan seemed useless.
Finally, even if I am not Catholic, I found the scene with the condescending priest.
The preist cannot believe that a man was engaged for three years and had not consumed the relationship, proclaiming Brackett in the third person, "he is gay".
He made a laugh of the public, but I was distracted and I started to get tired of the film.
As the marriage had come and left, I found myself hoping that it would be finished soon.
 (a bit like this criticism that you say)
Overall, if I have to quantify it, I say, the growing action obtains * * * * and the highest point and the falling action obtains.
See the economic time.