A film on divorce and guard in 1995 seems about as appropriate as a film on mood rings.
Family breaks have been too familiar with the American landscape for almost thirty years, and countless dramas have told stories of acrimonia judicial battles in hand details.
However, I do not remember a comedy on the subject before Bye Bye Love.
And after that, I still can't.
Bye Bye Love is rarely funny, most often a weak and melodramatic rest of the common television rate.
Only a few moments that have nothing to do with the main premise of the film offer great laughter instead of a cliché emotion.
Bye Bye Love follows a weekend in the life of three divorced fathers who get custody of their children's weekends.
Dave (Matthew Modine), father of two, is an inveterate petticoat runner having trouble staying faithful to his last girlfriend; Vic (Randy Quaid) is a father of three humor children about to go to aRare date; Donny (Paul Reiser) arises for his ex-wife and has trouble refering to her teenage daughter Emma (Eliza Dushku).
During the weekend, the three men faced various crises, including the blind from Vic Date of Hell (Janeane Garofolo) and the growing distance from Donny d'Emma.
The three main actors form a fairly improbable combo, and the quality of their performance is very variable.
Randy Quaid is the best of the three, bitter without being irritating, happily nasty without being scary.
His entries with the ex-wife (Lindsey Crouse) are a bit on site, however, and his confrontation with a radio-radio psychologist (Rob Reiner) is gadget and incredible.
He obtained the best subtitle by Bye Bye Love, a hilarious meeting with a gloriously denied Janeane Garofolo, and he makes a large slow burn.
Paul Reiser really has only one character, his character a little comfortable and tense "Mad About You", but he does it well.
As a personality, he is attractive, but as a character, he becomes quite boring here.
Matthew Modine is simply terrible.
It is not a performance good enough to be called shipment by post; he even forgot to put a stamp.
Modine lacks charm in a terrible role, bored most of the time and is stuck with a banal little discourse on the way it is all the fault of his father, he is so cad.
Carolco leaders, whose whole future is resting on Modine's banker for the next Cutthroat Island, must sweat the buckets right now.
Bye Bye Love presents itself essentially as a very confused film, because it spends too much time on the new relationships of its main characters rather than on the relationships between fathers and their children, which makes another "dating in the years90 "Film.
When the film deals with children at all, it is because one of them shouts an accusation and / or shouting, perhaps being resolved later by a sensitive speech and a hug, perhaps not.
Even more confusing is a sub -intry featuring the deceased Ed Flandre as a widower who will work and a McDonald's and befriends a youth in difficulty.
It is a sad end for the career of Flanders, being caught in a really boring surplus of McDonald's as a location, a plot device and, apparently, a major advertiser.
Even if Bye Bye Love had decided to spend his time focusing exclusively on parent-child relationships, it would always have been quite difficult to achieve, because in the end, there is very little humor that we canDetach family ruptures and their over -being effects.
Anyway, you cut it, it is a bad situation for children, and bye bye manufacturers like mainly for the strings of the heart when they deal with the unique parenting problem.
It is left to the romantic smokers of the dads to enjoy the little humor there is, and it is not enough.
There have been comparisons between Bye Bye Love and Parenthood, but parenthood was both really funny and really touching. Bye Bye Love is a real shame.