Eddie Murphy has a lot to make Harlem night.
As a writer, director, executive producer and film star, Murphy will assume all the blame if Harlem Nights fails.
But at the same time, he will receive all the credit if he succeeds.
Should you sacrifice your hard money to support Murphy's risky bet?
Well, it depends on who you have no more confidence: me or Eddie Murphy.
Here is what Murphy thinks: "I think the public is waiting for a while.
They will become sexy.
They will become funny.
They will have drama.
They will have all that.
I think it's the best film I made "(Paramount Radio Network).
Here is what I think: Harlem Nights is without charm, original, disappointing and almost without a doubt, the worst film of the actor's career (I have not seen the best defense).
And guess who is to blame?!
The problem of the film is not the direction of Murphy: Harlem Nights is a fairly beautiful film.
No, the project was probably condemned before even the cameras run.
Murphy's horrible script is the culprit.
Account the errors he makes in his first scenario attempt:
 (1) Murphy breaks the record for the most blasphemies of a film.
Yes, he even surpasses his own work in RAW.
Practically each line of dialogue in Harlem nights contains at least one word of four letters.
And after 15 minutes, it becomes irritating.
 (2) Murphy wastes the talents of its beautiful distribution.
Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx, Michael Lerner and Della Reese face the impossible task to cut credible characters from a script riddled with stereotypes.
Each of them shines occasionally, but fundamentally, what we have are good interpreters stuck in a bad vehicle.
 (3) The film plans women by representing them only as sexual objects and in power in power between men.
Murphy admitted to interviews that he was weary of women in his private life, which is really neither here nor there.
But when Murphy puts his bitter feelings on 3,000 cinema screens across the country, this is another matter.
You have to swallow fairly horrible things.
For example, Murphy hits della reese in the stomach.
And he shoots Jasmine Guy in his head.
This is a petty film, people!
The charming newcomer Lela Rochon launches easily in her role as a common whore, but only because she has no scenes with Murphy.
Thank goodness: he could have knocked out with a bulldozer.
 (4) Murphy has written his most blatant role for himself to date.
Eddie Murphy's adorable charisma emerges only one or twice during the film.
Murphy prefers to give his character a thorny wardrobe rather than a thorny personality.
Sometimes it seems that Murphy made Harlem nights just so that he could wear fantasy costumes and look unpacking.
 (5) The plot is a shameless scam of the bite.
If you are going to make another Sting film, you have to do something original.
The story of Murphy of the owners of nightclubs at war at Harlem (around 1938) fails to add something new to the formula.
 (6) To laugh, Murphy makes fun of stuttering.
You know that a comedy deeply hollows out when it uses the ridicule of the disabled.
 (7) The idea of Murphy of the drama is a scene in which his character apologizes for the first time in his life.
Why ?
To shoot the little toe of Reese!
Needless to say, Murphy shows little or even any, promise or imagination as a screenwriter.
In all honesty, however, a few rays of sunshine manage to unravel the dark cloud surrounding the film.
Danny Aiello is fun to look as a dirty cop from the point of view.
Aiello stands out in the mass distribution: he obviously savor the opportunity to play such a mean character (a racist detective with the bonds of the crowd).
Aiello's Zesty performance gives Harlem Nights very necessary spices.
Another light point is arsenio hall, which has a hilarious and breathtaking cameo as a baby gangster. Flé practically the Murphy projectors.
In fact, the ten -minute hall on the screen are the funny ten minutes of the film.
Unfortunately, his character is completely out of words for the plot; Murphy should have given Hall a much more important role.
Of course, I already mentioned that I did not care about Murphy's character, but I must admit that I loved his ties.
They are simply spectacular - which almost are worth the entry price.