Once upon a time there was Jean-Claude Van Damme was a decent action hero.
Brussels muscles broke out on the Hollywood market with insane adventure films, with its spectacular martial-art capacity.
Some of these excursions were fun.
But now, it seems that watching a Van Damme film has become a painful chore, without reward but the practically guaranteed help of action in the mental spirit.
And when the action becomes sour, what remains to benefit?
I'll explain .
Knock OFF is a pair of counterfeit jeans sellers working in an office in Hong Kong.
Marcus Ray (Van Damme), a magnetic and elegant chest of drawers, directs the company with a boring bell of a partner (Rob Schneider).
They are part of a plot involving microbombes implanted in counterfeit jeans, apparently by a mole in the company.
I will reveal everything in the following paragraph, so if you want a criticism devoid of spoilers, go to the next.
I'm not sure who gives a shit, but I go a warning anyway.
Tommy really works with the CIA.
His boss (a very marsh and flat Paul Sorvino) is the taupe, and he wants to cause carnage with these super but immense of super weapons.
He leans even if low to put them in children's toys.
If you thought this intrigue plan seemed intriguing, you will probably appreciate Knock Off.
If you think that this ridiculous configuration could not even fill five minutes of screen time without making you laugh, it may not be your cup of tea.
Knock Off is zero.
It leans at ridiculous levels that most individuals could only mention in horrible nightmares.
It surprises me how far these producers will sell something, simply because Van Damme is the star.
The intrigue is pathetic garbage attached together by stupid action sequences that will confuse your mind, the performances are so wood that you could use them to row a canoe, and the action itself is an absolute disaster.
Director Tsui Hark (who teams up with Van Damme in The Superior, but still with a double team of lame brain) is at the helm, and he prefers to try to dazzle us with fantastic camera angles than to engage with theplot.
I suppose that I appreciated part of the work of the camera, but the incessant despair of all this made me rather nauseous.
The image freezes in the middle of an action sequence, the speeds are modified in a coherent manner, and the tips of the camera apply mainly to travel from barrel barrels when the weapons are drawn.
All this seems very cool.
Believe me, this is not the case.
As much as that breaks me to say this (Har, Har), Van Damme is terrible.
Of course, it does a lot of fantasy kickboxing movements and dodges the giant boxes with the greatest ease.
He seems to make a bad imitation of Jackie Chan, and his performance is steep and tired.
I hate saying it, but it may be time for Mr. Van Damme to abandon his day work.
It is really a test of endurance observation.
I guess there is a pleasure derived from the character of Schneider, who is extremely boring, but provides the best moments of the film.
And what does the beautiful Lela Rochon do in this film?
I hope she caught her pay check, then fled the locals like an Olympic sprinter.
Knock Off does not even remain strong as an insane but entertaining action film, like a handful of the others from Van Damme.
No, this film is an embarrassment for the whole kind of action of modern cinema.
And given the drop in Hollywood have been looking in this department lately, that certainly does not say much.
Self -note: Avoid Universal Soldier 2: The return to Liberation in August? 99.