The rich heritage of cinema has left us certain indelible images.
The bell of the Christmas tree that pulls in "It's a wonderful life".
Bogie's speech at "Casablanca" airport.
Little Elliott's Flying Bicycle, Silhouetted by the Moon in "E. T".
And now, the director of "Starship Troopers", Paul Verhoeven, adds another image that will live in our memories forever: Doogie Houser makes a Vulcan spirit fusion with a giant slug.
 "Starship Troopers", based on Robert Heinlein's novel, is the story of an interstellar war between humans and giant insects.
In the hands of Verhoeven, the gigantic science fiction battle film is one of the most surprisingly bad films ever made, a monument with an inept cinema on a colossal scale.
To put it simply, it is an insect bomb.
In "Robocop" and "Total reminder", Verhoeven showed a gift to create an entertaining mixture of violence, special effects and social satire, and "Starship Troopers" begins in the same way, with a announcement of futuristic military recruitmentIroniccela seems promising.
Things take place quickly, however, when we meet our heroes, a group of teenagers from Buenos Aires preparing to obtain his graduate of secondary studies.
Inexplicably, Johnny Rico, Carmen Ibenez, Dizzy Flores and Xander Barcalow are played by square Anglo-Mâchoires children who seem to get out of a Mountain Dew advertisement.
It is a real "Alpha Centuri 90210" while we look at love adolescents bickering in the name of love.
Michael Ironside embodies their teacher, who acts around a false arm cut with cheese while giving conferences on civic responsibilities.
Finally, the children join the army, with dreams of glory in their little added spirits.
One of their classmates, Carl Jenkins ("Neil Patrick Harris" by Doogie Houser, hung on military intelligence jobs due to his strong psychic capacities.
He displays his gift by psychically ordering an animal ferret to crawl the leg of his mother.
A long sequence of a dull training camp, animated only by an extended mixed shower scene where recruits exchange jokes victims of jokes of the director of the director "Showgirls" walks on their buff bodies.
Finally, a full hour after the start of the film, war finally begins and we meet the enemy.
Insects come from Klendathu and colonize the planets by throwing their spores into space.
They attack starship by turning and pulling deadly plasma explosions from their rear.
Yes, incredible too, the bugs actually kill with cosmic farts.
A phenomenal amount of money has been spent when creating computer -driven insects and the results are best mixed.
Balayage distant plans representing hordes of giant bugs that run to attack are both impressive and frightening, but close -ups are a different question.
Insects have a strange and artificial appearance, such as origami creations with a marbled plastic coating.
The attack scenes are intensely violent, as we would expect from Verhoeven, but the overall look is too false to generate real tension.
Although the action is frantic, the military strategy, extremely illogical even according to Hollywoodene standards, quickly becomes tedious.
Verhoeven tries to spice things by throwing more satirical information coverage, but the false-jingoisetic scenes of children "making their part for the war effort" by crushing the cockroaches on a sidewalk is not enough to compensate for the longperiods of transport.
We can only guess what Paul Verhoeven was trying to do here.
His usual satire in a game, the ultra-violence formula of two parts is well out of control, and most of the film waded.
In fashion "showgirls", some scenes are almost bad enough to be good.
An intergalactic party from Kegger, with Jake Busey playing "Dixie" on a green plexiglass violin, has a certain bizarre attraction.
A sex scene between two of the teenagers achieves a marked charm, improved a few minutes later when the woman receives a fatal blow from a bug, but tells her hero that she does not disturb him dying .
 "It's okay," she drops, "I have to have you!"
And then, of course, there is the spirit of Doogie to merge with a bug.
Verhoeven may try to create a tribute to the era of the original novel.
The books pre- "Stranger in a Strange Land" of Heinlein were intended for adolescent men, and "Starship Troopers" has the antiseptic retro-fuel-fiction look of the late 1950s / the early 1960s.
The only urban landscape shown is a brilliant metropolis like jets, with flying cars whistling in front of an obvious matte paint.
The hairstyles are also retro, directly from La Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello School of Fashion.
In the end, Verhoeven's motivations are not relevant.
He produced a Gargantusen film which fails as an action film or as a social satire.
It is not even an entertaining bad film.
Avoid "starship soldiers" at all costs.