For a film presented as exploring relationships and black sexuality, three is surprisingly tamed.
Despite his subject Lurid and his head sign to the fatal attraction, he moves with a flat and inspirational dialogue when he establishes a surprising culminating point which tries powerfully to overthrow the considerable dead weight of the rest of the film.
Freshly moved to Atlanta, Jermaine (Dourdan) and his wife, Jasmine (Moore), have the external signs of a perfect life.
They have a beautiful house in the suburbs.
Jermaine is a lawyer on the fast track of her office.
Jasmine is his wife of support, who ends his university degree.
In an opening assembly via a domestic video of the pair, we see the banal history of their marriage and the first marital triumphs.
It's a couple who has everything.
In this Eden slides the attraction of lust.
Despite his external appearance, Jermaine turns out to be more selfish and coveted by his wife more in possession than a person.
A glow of his true nature throws a furtively during a first sex scene with his wife as he does his business, unconscious of Jasmine's concerns.
We also note that he relentlessly asked Jasmine to participate in a household-manage, in the great dismay of Jasmine.
As Jermaine says, "don't you want to be sexually free?"
Jermaine shares her desire with the colleague Terrence (Smith), who establishes Jermaine obligatory with a woman who could be interested in such an encounter.
The woman, Jade (Palmer) is a direct counterpoint to jasmine.
Jade, at some point, was also a student.
Unlike Jasmine, she found herself pregnant, abandoned school and now has trouble reaching both ends.
To further strengthen their differences, he revealed that Jade is involved in a guard battle on his son.
Inevitably, through alcohol and a touch of duplicity on the part of Jermaine, the prohibited law is consumed.
The consequences of the meeting go to the territory of deadly attraction that acts of violence are perpetrated on the property of Jermaine with the index that violence can degenerate.
At this point, three is like a soap -in without the required melodrama: a fatal attraction without social significance.
The exploration of relations is strictly superficial and stereotypical.
Jermaine turns out to be not sincere, motivated by sexually and selfish.
Jasmine is bland and subordinate.
Jade stands out a bit in a sympathetic way, but that is denied by his moral bankruptcy.
Yet another story of a sexually aggressive "dog" of a man who imposes his will on his accommodating and innocent companion.
The last 10 minutes will undoubtedly throw you a curve, but at this point, will you even care about it?
If the rest of the film was as dynamic as the end, it might have been fresh.
In the current state of things, three is a fairly standard rate.