There is only one presidential election every four years, but it seems that every few months, we get another film of presidential conspiracy painted like the thriller of the year.
In 1997, we had absolute power, Air Force One, Shadow Conspiracy and Murder at 1600.
This is about as lame as the old Gerald Ford, trying to bring us a complex concealment and intrigue plot, but to behave again and again with feats of Flick Standbys.
Here's what's going on this time.
It's night at the White House.
A secretary has sex with an unidentified guy with a cute ass.
The next day, she died and the detective of Hotshot Wesley Snipes is called.
How do we know that he is a hotshot?
We have seen the traditional opening of the action film - the negotiation scene for intelligent hostages.
It is not so intelligent this time, made up of disarming snipes an ex-suicidal employee holding the government holding a weapon to the head in the middle of the street.
Snipes went to the White House, where he finds the head of the secret service (Daniel Benzali's bald head brilliant) will not cooperate with him at all.
In fact, without the intervention of national security advisor Alan Alda, Snipes would not have been authorized at the White House at all.
Alda helps to eliminate more, attributing a sexy secret agent of the secret service (Diane Lane) to act as her affair ...
A very dangerous link.
Well, not really, I just wanted to say that.
Almost immediately, a suspect is found, an eccentric night concierge seen flirting with the deceased on one of the security videos.
Snipes does not buy him and embarks on an independent investigation about his own, which reveals planted evidence and romantic involvement by the president's son.
The partner of Snipes, a Dennis Miller, still by train, calls him from time to time with more news and Lane, who does not first believe snipes, ultimately and predictable, and risks his ass to enter intoSocial security storage Eteclate certain classified information.
For the first hour, the murder at 1600 seems to be going to an interesting place.
Of course, we have to sit down through the gear opening sequence and many more gearbox scenes after that, but all the murder in the White House makes an interesting premise which is never completely delivered.
Snipes and the way do not make a bad action team, but without doing anything to work, they are just cogs in the bad cinema machine.
Dennis Miller could just as easily not be in the film; they waste his talents more in the murder at 1600 than Bordello of Blood, and that speaks volumes.
When you arrive at the last half hour, the film was descended metaphorically and literally in a wet drain, beating the old break in the culminating underground point.
And when they finally reveal who killed the woman and why, you will want you to never sit through this film.
The "1600" in the title of the film does not represent an address, it represents the number of customers satisfied around the world.
Serve the world for almost 1 / 25th of a century!