Years ago, Robin Williams made _jumanji_, a brilliant achievement of special effects, but a parody at almost all other levels.
The same can be said for _ what dreams can come_, a boring, illogical and weekend wannabe that left my senses numb.
Don't get me wrong: I love breathtaking special effects and Pulse Poulsing images.
_Brazil_ is on my top ten staff.
_The City of Lost Children_ is a great film because of its bizarre scripts.
I even love _2001_ and _last year to Marienbad_, being in the minority in the middle of my friends.
_ What dreams can come_, imagery aside, has little danger to complete his images.
The daring thought he has _does_ is never fully achieved.
Her idea of a plot is so lukewarm that she insults the biggest questions it raises.
It would have been preferable for the filmmakers to rid the film of the live action sequences, put an Electronica soundtrack and sell it among these _mind videos.
Robin Williams embodies Chris Nielsen, who dies too prematurely - not only in history, but before we have a chance to really know and take care of him.
The director, Vincent Ward, and the scriptwriter Ronald Bass, chose to tell his life story in flashbacks while concentrating the history of the foreground on his experience with the beyond.
big mistake .
It would have been much better to take the half hour necessary to tell first of all his life story (ala _it is a wonderful life_), so that I can build respect for him, so that I can know and perhaps takeCare of him, Sonenfants and his wife who has been suffering for a long time (played superbly by Annabella Sciorra).
Instead, filmmakers insult my intelligence by rushing into history, expecting the film to develop in depth as it progresses.
This is not the case.
Thus, in the afterlife, Chris learns that (a) people still do not meet God, (b) that our thoughts are reality, and (c) time does not exist there.
Hmm ...
I + LL grants one of these stupid giant ideas for the story.
 (The part "not to meet God" always disturbs me, but there may not have been a possible way to film it and give it the respect due).
That said, this alternative reality still has no meaning.
Continue to read ...
Chris's wife commits suicide.
Since suicides go to hell, Chris would be separated from his wife forever.
The important question is as follows: is paradise really paradise if you are separated from the one you love?
good question .
And I like the right stimulating questions.
I don't like it when filmmakers go away from the question.
I am doing it when the filmmakers go away from the question so that the film becomes a popular rescue film, in particular a rescue film which does not take its underlying premise seriously.
I really hate to hate it when history + s is no longer managed by logic, but by special effects.
Hey Chris: Have you forgotten?
Your thoughts are _real_.
They are more _real_ than the physical world, according to the new age scenario.
So why not evoke Annie's positive thoughts, and that it is unleashed?
And then she would appear in front of you, and you both live in happy happiness for eternity?
Because there would not be a film, that + s why.
And Albert the Angel (played by Miscast Cuba Gooding, Jr.) Dit Franches: "That + S Fantasy."
Umm ...
If your thoughts are more real than the physical, then fantasy is not fantastic, but real.
An oriental meditation specialist would surely be able to tell you.
And if you think that you are a person without imagination, and that your thoughts are not great enough to support you for eternity, well, in all respect, that is why I do not subscribe to this theology.
All the respect due.
Another idea, based on "Time, (break), does not exist here!"
So Chris, spend your eternity with Annie, as she is on earth, reliving your favorite memories or spending time with her when she grew up.
you + ve has eternity: maybe you can suspend ar Onnd long enough and learn not to panic it.
And forcing her to write "I still exist" in her newspaper, the OMI, is simply too sticky.
There are many other ideas, which are all a hundred times better than what has collapsed in the plot.
The aforementioned big question is diverted in fanciful sub-stars that have been done before and that are just out.
The most insulting is the sub -intry where the important people of Chris + Life appear in the sky differently from what he expects, so when they finally show themselves, he realizes that they were with him from the start.
And when this happens, the film works in slow motion, as if to build emotions.
_Bâillonne me with the spoon_.
So, the only things for me to love are the effective performance of Sciorra +, which rise far above this banal material and special effects.
Please note that even if I appreciated some of the visuals, I did not appreciate _all_ of them: some of the images looked like the Sandy Duncan universe, everyone floating from top to bottom in invisible strings.
It looks like a joke, but it's really true: I really tried to block dialogue and understand what music would work best like an alternative soundtrack.
My vote goes to a rare CD entitled "Never Say Die" (1981) of Petra, a group of Christian rock.
It's pretty good, and they have a song about Annie, who committed suicide.
 (It is + too late for Annie / She + S left for good / there + S so much that we would have told her / and now we wish that we can / but it is too late ...).
Melancholy, yes.
Depressing, yes.
But much more entertaining ...
So, in case you don't know, let me be straight.
Suicide - Bad.
_Don + T do it_.
No no no .(
Should not have to pay $ 7 .50 to hear this in a horrible Robin Williams Schmaltzfest.)