My giant begins with a funny monologue than otherwise and a distinctive "princess bride", medieval fairies in time? Share the 90s.
I was pleasantly surprised to see how strong comedy was, with very funny scenes occurring on a film in Romania where the talent agent Sammy (Billy Crystal) visits a customer and in the monastery where Sammy finds himselfAfter being mysteriously saved when he accidentally plunges his gap into a stream.
And when Sammy meets Max, his giant and mysterious Savior played by Gheorghe Muresan, there is magic in the air; although it is a little clumsy, I loved every minute.
The film, of course, plays on the difference in size between the two, and sometimes you would swear that it should be special effects.
I particularly appreciated a photo of Sammy which hung the legs of a chair of maximum size while the two heads each on a huge table and eat in bowls and oversized spoons.
I also liked Jere Burns's performance (television `Something so well '') as director of the film in Romania.
At this point, the main defect in the film is that Gheorghe Muresan is incredibly difficult to understand, especially during his first scene at the rapid rhythm.
It is regrettable that the script forced him to talk about the door quickly, because I understood him more as the film continued and I got used to his speech.
However, the time that Muresan becomes coherent, the characters head for New York and the film dives.
outside the top of the board.
Suddenly, we must believe that Sammy is a slime ball to do.
Until this point, he continued his own interests to be sure, but he did not show up as a desperate fool.
If he had done it, the first scenes could never have been so light and magical.
But now, in New York, we are also initiated into his neglected wife and son, and his character is sufficiently desperate to involve Max in a disturbing giant vs. Midget wrestling match, which I found quite unpleasant and shockingAs part of the film.
Indeed, many scenes have come out of this film such as poorly placed puzzle pieces.
This includes the scenes featuring Steven Seagal, when Sammy gets Max a role in a great Hollywood film running in Las Vegas.
While I liked to see Seagal laugh at himself, the scenes seemed to exist only because of his participation, rather than because the film demanded it.
And the public must make a huge jump to believe that Max would win the role according to his Shakespeare quotes.
At this point, I found myself thinking: "We are supposed to believe that someone would throw this guy in a film? '
Then I realized it was, and I looked at it.
In the last third, the film undergoes another transformation, this time in unbridled sentimentality.
Note: The main points of the plot are revealed in this paragraph and final.
Max went to America because Sammy promised to bring him together with her childhood love, Lillianna, who has not seen him since he was a normal child.
His refusal to see Max (without him) brings us to a scene "final" justifies the scene "of Sammy, Sammy's wife, well played by Kathleen Quinlan, presents herself as Lillianna.
I found this offensive scene.
Not only did it rely on the deception to induce warm and public feelings of the public, but it reduced maximum to someone we should pity and style, which I thought was quite adverse.
I think Max could have managed the truth, free illness and everything.
Late in the film, we learn Max, and in fact all the giants, have a heart disease that considerably shortens their lives.
This could be an enlightening revelation, but the film apparently only presents it to justify Sammy's transformation into a caring and sensitive guy - and good, a great dad and a husband too!
"My giant" suffers from a badly constructed story and uncluttered characters whose actions are determined by points of the plot rather than their own internal persuasions .
A stronger story with more space for the growth of the characters could have been possible if the emphasis was put on Max's struggle to be accepted and launching in films instead of Sammy's struggles to get money andBecome a better person.
In this scenario, Max's illness could have been an integral part of the film and not a history motivator.
Feeling and emotion would have followed naturally.
Instead, we are apparently not supposed to love Sammy until the end, but we are not allowed to focus on Max.
Crystal and Muresan give adequate and sometimes pleasant performances, but in the end, "my giant" let me feel like I was fed on the porridge of a giant spoon.