Libby Parsons (Ashley Judd) has the perfect little life - a rich husband, a cute son and a house on the ocean - but when her husband Nick (Bruce Greenwood) takes her, she wakes up to find him and shemans covered withblood.
Just when she arrives on the deck and collects the bloody knife lying there, the coastal guard arrives in response to distress, call her missing husband sent.
She was of course found guilty of her murder, and leaves her son Matty (Benjamin Weir) with her best friend (Annabeth Gish).
Time passes and the friend disappears with Matty.
During their last telephone conversation, Libby hears Matty Crier "Dad!"
And realizes that her husband is still alive.
Libby serves six years, increasingly hard and motivated by the desire to kill Nick (on the basis of the theory which, because of the "double danger" amendment, it can deactivate it with impunity).
When she was released conditional, she is sent to a house halfway led by Travis Lehman (Tommy Lee Jones), a former law professor who has spoiled his life with a driving accident.
After a small introduction and a certain destruction of goods, Libby jumps for parole and launches it across the country in search of Nick and Matty.
Travis continues naturally.
 "Double Jeopardy" is a sweetened version of "The Fugitive", with Jones who drowns through his worn character.
Although Libby never jumps from a bus that collides with a train, she manages to enter a few birons - driven out on the beach by a jeep, chained to a car plunging into the ocean, sealed in a coffin -who add some very necessary sensations to an anemic and slow script.
The development of character is thin.
The intriguing background of Travis is mentioned several times but has no effect on history.
 (I think they only made him a former law professor so that he can verify the theory of double Jeopardy when Libby obtains the drop on Nick.
It is a long path to go for a line).
There is a considerable sexual tension between Travis and Libby (hey, there is something "the fugitive" had not had it!), But it never goes anywhere.
Libby is a television film for each woman, but Judd's intense performance attracts us and makes us forget that his character has no distinctive characteristics.
This is the most important role of Judd to date, and it proves that it can illuminate the screen.
Hopefully Hollywood gives him more to work with the next time.
The quality of the films of director Bruce Beresford seems to depend on luck.
When he has a good script and a solid casting, it turns out that the work of Oscar caliber like "'Breaker' Morant", "Driving Miss Daisy" and "Tender Mercies".
When he doesn't.
 .
 .
We get "Double Jeopardy".
The writers David Weisberg and Douglas Cook previously collaborated on "The Rock", a script which probably benefited from the many unavnforced rewritings.
Conclusion: Ashley Judd tries hard but cannot save this predictable bore.