Written by David J. Schow and John Shirley, based on the comic strip series and the comic strip of James O'Barr.
Throw Brandon Lee, Ernie Hudson, Michael Wincott, David Patrick Kelly, Rochelle Davis and Jon Polito.
Note MPAA "R" (probably for rape, language and violence)
Running time 100 minutes
 "It looks like he has zigned when he should have zaled."
- Ernie Hudson, as a policeman commenting on a suspicious death.
The translations of comics are notorious delicate- someone high for a double-billage of Punisher and Captain America?- And the crow does not prove any exceptions.
Despite a brut of good intentions, Brandon Lee's final film does not fly very high.
The story opens on Halloween Eve, better known as Devil's Night.
Wilmington-As-Detroit is in flames and the police tends to at least * a * murder: the young musician rock who has become artist-artisan, Eric Draven (Lee), found on a six-story sidewalk under the apartment he hasbeen thrown up for.
The cops are also upstairs, administering aid to her fiancé which has been attacked and violated and not necessarily in this order.
She dies, the Perps.
Escape, and, exactly a year later, Draven rises from the grave to take revenge.
seems familiar?
Unlike Charles Bronson, whose only known superpower implies an inability to refrain from filming the consequences of Death Wish, the character of Lee has supernatural strength and incredible agility and can even come together more quickly than Robert than RobertPatrick in Terminator 2. To his sides is his crow, the alleged source of his powers related to the narration.
Bearing what seems to be the rest of Alice Cooper, Lee is placed in an underlying urban landscape which was obviously shaped after Batman and Blade Runner.
But no number of rain -lit streets can compensate for a cheap FX which brings Darkman's crow to Batman closer.
 (However, the blatant miniatures should better show video.
 :)
A wink to Darkman is an insult to Sam Raimi, however, because Alex Proyas cannot film a decent action scene to save his life.
Its two "best" sets - a Banzai panel room butcher's shop and a cool church roof sword fight - are also undervalued by the horrible edition of Dov Hoenig and Scott Smith.
Blame said publishers for the awful film's Flashbacks.
But the rhythm is fast, thank God, and each good idea for a bad is over before starting.
The casting is better than it should be.
Ernie Hudson is a good choice as a friendly policeman and he descends most of the funniest lines in the film.
The newcomer Rochelle Davis is doing both the narrator and the Draven Scrappy Ward.
Jon Polito has a small succulent role as a lender on spicy wages.
And Michael Wincott makes a distinct impression as MR with long hair. Grand which the collection of old swists gives him the impression that he entered the film of the trailer for Highlander III.
There can only be one .
Finally, there is Brandon Lee, son of Bruce Lee, and a 28 -year -old rising star who was fatally killed during the shot.
Lee had four films in his name - Kung Fu: The Movie, Laser Mission, Showdown in Little Toyko and Rapid Fire - and the crow would have been a beautiful pen to his credit and that's it.
There is nothing big here here - just a good performance which owes as much to the presence as the capacity.
When the echo of this shot is finally fading, watching the crow should prove to be an even * less remarkable * experience.
Despite a good dose of humor and surprising sincerity, the crow is still a few notches above his brothers directly to the video.
For the moment, it may be an appropriate praise for an actor who could only improve.