"The world on earth - it's just too big for me."
With Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Bill Nunn, Clarence Williams III.
to classify.
The legend of the 1900s is the most absurd film of the year, a piece of sea waste disjointed and absurd which is not going out quickly.
He features the extraordinary Tim Roth, the melancholy air than ever, as a guy named ...
1900.
You have heard.
His name is, in any reality, 1900.
He was born on an ocean lining on 1/1/1900 (uh, hence his name), abandoned and adopted by Danny, a crew of ships.
1900 spent most of his first years hiding in the bowels of the ship because of Danny's fear that he could be removed from him because of "Matters Visa".
Well, when 1900 is about 9 years old, he begins to wonder all around the ship.
One day, he discovers a piano with a tail.
He sits down and begins to play.
Miraculously, what comes out is magnificent.
A group of spectators gathers to watch this superb prodigy make such incredible music at such a young age.
When one of the people who knows 1900 tells him that his piano game like that without authorization is "totally against the regulations" 1900 answers "F * CK the Regulation!"
Ho ho.
1900 grows without any foot on dry land.
When he is about 30 years old and can play the piano like person's business, on board comes another musician.
His name is Max (Pruitt Taylor Vince) and he plays the trumpet.
After 1900 caught Max Barfing everywhere during a storm, he sits on the piano next to him, removes the piano hugs and plays while the piano flies around the corridor, taking them with it.
How the chair they sit on and the piano do not separate, I don't know, but it is apparently not the kind of thing we are supposed to ask.
After that, 1900 and Max become friends.
Max is determined to withdraw 1900 from the ship and to discover what it lacks on Earth, but 1900 does not intend to do so.
In addition, he does not even want his music going nowhere without him: when a record company hears about his talents, they come on board to make a record of his music, but after discovering this - harshness!
- They will make millions of copies, he broke the record.
The conflict of the film is that after Max, unsuccessful in his effort to withdraw 1900 from the ship, launched himself, he stumbles on a record of music from the 1900s in a store.
The file should not exist because a) 1900 has never worked on dry land and b) the only record that was made on the ship was broken.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's a mystery!
History itself is ridiculous and without interest, just like its elements.
We are supposed to be awakened by a culmination ...
piano duel?
There is nothing in this film with the potential to force.
1900 presents himself as a whining man, brooding and extremely unmanageable: I do not remember a single word that he said that it was not a kind of depressing pseudo-meditation on life.
Ditto for Max, who does not seem to have a life outside of his friendship with 1900.
Tim Roth plays 1900 with approximately as much plume as a fig leaf; there is no spirit, no enthusiasm for the character.
He insists that he leads a happy life on the ship, but for us, he died.
Pruitt Taylor Vince is a little more pleasant to taste, offering at least a moment of comic relief here and there to animate things a little.
The culmination of the film should be the eminently amusing Clarence Williams the III as the arrogant "king of jazz" which defies 1900 to the aforementioned piano duel.
The 1900 legend was carried out by Giuseppe Tornatore, whose 1988 paradiso cinema is considered a masterpiece by many.
This effort is completely soft and lifeless.
At the same time ridiculous, boring, in a narrow and useless view, it is a film that should be - and will - will quickly be forgotten.