At first glance, I thought that the sword and the sorcerer were promised.
His intrigue happens like this: the evil king Cromwell, eager to conquer the world, resuscitates a evil and old sorcerer, Xusia for power.
He attacks the kingdom of Eh-Dan and kills the parents of the young prince heel.
Given a sword with triple blade (which can shoot the bad guys, like a firearm) by his dying father, Talon promises to take revenge.
Eleven years later, when he created his own army, the merchants, he promises to resume his kingdom.
Along the way, he meets Alana, whose village is attacked by drunk guards and his brother is kidnapped by Cromwell.
Talon promises to help and, after a series of minor getaways, ends up saving Alana's brother (and several other prisoners), to be captured himself (in other words, put a cross to be crucified!).
Fortunately, he frees himself, saves Alana by marrying Cromwell, beats Xusia, then Cromwell, all with his sword with triple blade (during the final battle, the blade breaks, but Talon ends Cromwell using a dagger hidden in the blade).
Then everything ends joyfully.
Unfortunately, the sword and the sorcerer is not even half as good as it seems.
What would have been a big film is completely destroyed by an unequal intrigue, a bad game and horrible bloody scenes.
Never once, the story does not seem to connect together, it jumps several times.
This problem is extremely visible in the opening scene where Cromwell resuscitates Xusia.
After telling him that he needed his help, he drives the demonstration in broad daylight, but then stab him and sent him later a cliff later.
Wait for a minute, did the intrigue not say that he needs the help of Xusia to invade Eh-Dan, what he cannot do by military force?
If this is the case, why does he throw from Xusia after having resurrected it?
And why does he manage to take control of Eh-Dan anyway?
These questions are never - no, never - answers in the film.
Another example is that a moment we see heel fighting for his life, another moment that we see him about to be crucified during Alana's wedding with Cromwell (!), And finally at the end, atPlace to settle with Alana, he just said to her to "wait", then he walks away!
In addition to the extremely bloody scenes, this unequal intrigue jump completely destroys what would have been a great fantastic adventure.
Even some attempts to make it exciting, some scenes of fire, combat scenes, do not work.
It fails completely completely miserably.
The only good thing about this film is his musical score, brought by David Whittaker, who had a (extreme) short career of music composition.
The score is boom and adventurous, powerful and a billion times better than this film.
My suggestion: Log away from this bloody disorder and buy the soundtrack album instead (if you can find it).
Ironically, however, before the film's credits drive, there is a message indicating that a sequel, Tales of the Ancient Empire, would follow.
To my relief (and to my pleasure), he never entered production, because the sword and the sorcerer laid an egg at the box office, having only $ 39 million.
Critics were right to slam the sword and the sorcerer, well.
Leonard Maltin rightly called him "second rate in scripts and criticism of films and action" and films called him "a confusing, stupid, unimaginative, uncommon bore".
I totally agree with these criticisms, okay, and I hope that this piece of # $%!
will be forgotten.
There are much better fantastic films than the sword and the sorcerer.
I hope you get out of this criticism, but I can't laugh.
In fact, my insults do not even approach the horrible disease that this film gave me throughout its duration of 100 minutes.