"The 13th Warrior" arrives at the end of the summer when we have already experienced the man eating sharks ("deep blue sea"), the man eating crocodiles ("lake placid") and even a hunting witchto man ("The Blair Witch Project").
Now, "The 13th Warrior" presents a tribe of men who eat flesh who believe that they are bears.
The story, if that's what you want to call him, follows Ahmed Ibn Fahdlan (Antonio Banderas) an Arab poet who falls in love with the woman of his king and is banished from his country of origin.
He then went to the land of the Vikings and became ambassador for them.
Finally, the Vikings are called upon to protect the inhabitants of the village who are driven by men who eat flesh.
Thirteen warriors are chosen to go on a mission, and as you guessed, Ahmed is chosen as thirteenth.
He is not a warrior, and at the beginning not well accepted by the Vikings, but as the film advances, he will have to prove himself on the battlefield.
It is essentially the whole plot.
There is also a romantic intrigue which was so badly managed and, we suppose, has radically cut that you are starting to ask yourself why the filmmakers did not just modify all the scenes reaching this part of the story.
Instead, they chose to leave just enough of these scenes to annoy the spectator.
The film is essentially an unpasted action and when it stops and tries to develop a story, it becomes a laughing stock.
The battle scenes, although well choreographed, do not imply and not at all exciting.
We do not know any of the characters and we do not care who lives and who dies.
The film, which wants to be Beowolf, appears more as a story of failure of the action-adventure aspiring to epic proportions but reaching it at any of the levels.
It was directed by John McTiernan Who's, "The Thomas Crown Affair" also currently plays in theaters.
And it is not that McTiernan worked simultaneously on the two films, but that "The 13th Warrior" was placed on the shelf for so long with the studio that waits for a time to throw it on the public.
It belongs to the shelf.