Have you ever looked at a very young child trying to tell a joke that is beyond his sophistication?
It is full of stops and begins and generally, the punch line is ruined.
I felt the same thing looking at Mona's drowning.
Jump a stone on the water and you approximate the depth of this overall comedy attempt.
There are slightly successful attempts of humor, but they only serve as a dressing.
There is a gag in progress on the city, Verplanck, N.Y., being a city of test for the new Yugo of the time.
Everyone drives a Yugo, differentiating their cars with personalized license plates.
Even the police chief leads to one.
There is a certain sublitude like a light and a mermaid dotted with Yugo by making a way through the streets of the city.
There is also a GAG running on one of the characters, Jeff, missing one hand and how it happened.
He laughs at sweetness to the notion of urban legends.
It turns out that the truth is more horrible than any legend.
There are gags of view which also appear, like the tombstone of Mona, which reads "demo", instead of devoting.
However, the heart of history maintains the flatness of a still pond.
The Lynchpin of the film falls on the redundant and sporadic scenes involving Mona (Midler).
Each scene with her is the same: shouting to someone, hitting someone, then screaming a little more.
There is no uniqueness or modulation for her or an explanation for her wickedness.
Anyone out of the street could have played the role, as it is.
The other characters are walking cardboard cuts.
Everyone is defined by a single trait and no other attempt is made to a deeper characterization.
There is a strong car mechanic, so of course, there is a forced lesbianism gag.
Mona's son, Jeff (Marcus Thomas) is a simple, so you can predict his dialogue before he even gets his mouth.
The chief of the rash police (Devito) likes Broadway musicals and loves his daughter.
There is nothing left for him.
She, the chief's daughter (Campbell), is permanent bland, a devoted girl without higher suction than having a child and getting married.
Mona Phil's husband (Fichtner) Jeckle and Croward Coward Hyds in Reptilian Letch.
Bob (Affleck), the fiancée of her, and Jeff trading partner, is an obvious and obvious idiot.
There is no contrast to any of the characters.
By having at least one character with a little spirit, or spirits, to serve as a counterpoint to others, Steinfeld's attempt to satiate a small city infested with people without ambition could have been better.
Apparently, a mystery of murder, the mona drowning gives you almost all the clues immediately, then allows you to sit down and feel superior by looking at the actors of Paper People Flow to find the killer, who could be anyone inReason in the loving way of Mona with everyone with everyone in the city.
Even this aspect of the film fails, throw a practical, ridiculous and unsatisfactory wrap.
It's been a while since I'm not far from an angry mood movie room.
What makes it all the more remarkable is that I rarely remember a comedy that puts me so angry at having lost my time at its price.