Long ago, films were built in strong dialogue, original characters, memorable intrigue points and a solid game.
One of the best examples that Hollywood now completely ignores these qualities is in the new film where the heart is.
This opus on the power of love and the redemption of the family follows the tragic, and I mean tragic, the life of the Novalee nation (Natalie Portman).
Make the road with her boyfriend of guitar Hick in a rusty GM, Novalee Dream of Bakersfield's blue sky and sipping chocolate milk under a plastic umbrella with his unborn baby, due to a month.
Stoping in a walking walk near a quick rest, the boy's boyfriend decides to take off and leave it there.
Novalee then decides to secretly make the hole in the Wal-Mart (because it is not the most brilliant bulb of the interns).
A wacky librarian (Keith David) comes to her rescue when she enters work for a night while she was camped in the outdoor section of the store.
Then, she moves with a family, befriends everyone in town - including the character of Ashley Judd (who has five children and who can always work part -time as a nurse) - fights religious monsters,survives a tornado, breaks the heart of the wacky librarian who saved it, receives a heritage, builds a house Martha Stewart, becomes a award -winning photographer and manages to always look like a Cosmo shoot, while doing nothing with her child.
This film is terrible.
The staging is horrible: it seems that director Matt Williams had a sheet with six angles written on it and used each of them, again and again.
We get a pathetic and ugly game from Natalie Portman, which can do a good job.
A disjointed rhythm of the key scenes and a temporal structure so confusing that it would throw Steve Prefontaine.
A secondary intrigue that actually validates the actions of the boyfriend who abandoned innovative in the Wal-Mart car park.
An embarrassing display of emotions by the characters, making the public sick.
Taking two major comic writers, Babaloo Mandel and Lowell Ganz, and forcing them to write a drama equally with the reading club of Oprah.
In total, he has the feeling of being trapped at home, watching a very bad television mini-series and wishing to end, only the remote control is broken.
However, the main problem of the film is that he never answers the most poignant question raised: where is the heart?
No one never seems to find it in this piece of waste.