In a typical cinematographic high school, football jocks have sex with girls, then throw them away, but not before boys' scores were conscientiously recorded in their little black books.
As the sexual acts take place, the other guys hang out nearby, dripping beer and growling like pigs.
In The Rage: Carrie 2, Robert Mandel's terminal suite in Carrie, there is not a single original moment.
Only Amy Irving returns from Carrie, and the talent of the rest of the distribution of the suite is impossible to determine given the amazing mediocrity of the script of Rafael Moreu.
As Rachel, the example of the story of horror, Emily Bergl gives one of the least frightening performance of recent memory, but it is not exactly his fault.
The director requires little of his actors, which he gets precisely.
Sporadically in this lame and lifeless film, Rachel will cause lockers and windows that open, but generally she takes off by resembling a victim.
Her student colleagues are delighted to torment her.
Of course, she will take revenge in the compulsory bloodbath in which she will behead and castrate the boys and crush girls with burning wood.
While the film marks time until his grand finale, he throws in certain repugnant scenes, in the hope of transforming the stomach of the public.
Rachel's girlfriend commits horrible and realistic suicide after the boy who made him "love" the day before.
 (He obtained major points in his black book for that, but his friends say that he would have obtained more if he had had sex with her after her death.)
Even a helpless puppy is crushed, and we see his poor little body turning again and again under a truck.
The film’s teenagers are completely blas? On this subject.
 "Do he not offer yourself that a girl offered herself yesterday," asked one of the few children with a conscience.
 " Why ? "
Responds to his unprepared girlfriend.
 "She was nobody."
Remarkably devoid of all energy, especially for a horror film, the film sucks on a quick front button on the armrest of the theater.
With such bad material, the only hope in the film is to opt for parody, but it is not intelligent enough to make it.
Even the compulsory epilogue is as useless and predictable as the rest of the film.
Rage: Carrie 2 works 1: 45.
It is assessed for graphic violence, alcohol abuse for adolescents, sex, nudity and blasphemy and would only be acceptable for older adolescents.