Absolute Power, the new film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood, is trying to be a thriller that takes place in the world of hypocritical presidents and their murderous political staff.
It is about as exciting as a conference on the coupling habits of the South American grasshopper.
One can only wonder how a totally absurd script like that written by William Goldman could have interested Eastwood.
Not only is the intrigue incredible and artificial, but even writing itself has no coherence or intelligence.
Continuously underestimating the public, the film gives us information that we already know or does not even need.
Are the essential details of history so unlikely that they are boring (like why would two unprepared secret services would have two night vision glasses in their car?).
Curiously, the initial configuration of absolute power offers interesting possibilities.
A masterful jewel (played by Clint Eastwood) testifies to the murder of the wife of a powerful millionaire (played by E. G.
Marshall).
While depriving one of the marshalls manors, he is forced to hide in the room of the rooms.
There, through a bidirectional mirror, he sees the woman and another man engaging in passionate preliminaries.
Their love game quickly turns into a violent struggle while the man begins to beat the woman.
In self -defense, the woman catches a letter of letter and stab the man in the elbow.
She raises her arm to stab again when she was fatally shot down by two men from the secret service.
the man ?
He is the President of the United States of America.
Where does the film run badly?
It cannot be the game.
Clint Eastwood, Ed Harris and Gene Hackman as president give sewing performance, but decent.
The cinematography is sufficient; wild and erratic during the action of action, dark and mysterious during the psychologically suspended, and calm and warm scenes during dramatic dialogue.
Even music is not as explosive as it generally tends to be in the thriller / suspense genre.
The defect clearly lies in the scenario and the scenario alone.
While creating a story on a misuse of power, on the real owners of this power, and on the plot and the double cross, it does not solve it.
No accumulation of suspense is resolved by an exciting highest point.
On the contrary, tense situations are left at the end, giving the spectator a worried feeling of incompleteness.
An example of this is a very promising and tense accumulation of a scene: to try to stop Clint Eastwood, the police installed a trap in a small restaurant.
The police are everywhere, incognito of course.
At the same time, not one but two hired killers are preparing to kill Clint Eastwood upon arrival.
The three parties ignore the presence of the other.
This scene is extremely exciting and the public wonders how Clint Eastwood, who could suspect that it is a trap, will withdraw from this difficult position.
He will probably have a brilliant plan, involving ingenious preparations.
However, when he trapped, the two wage killers are missing (as it is practical) and in confusion, Eastwood simply walks away.
The accumulation of this scene lasted for about ten minutes.
Ten minutes of close -ups of the strikers who load their hampered weapons with the police preparing for the trap.
The scene was resolved in less than 20 seconds ...
In addition to the story of Catching The Real Killer is an emotional tale of cliché on the distant relationship between Father Eastwood and his daughter.
The girl blames her father to never be there for her because he was either in prison or steal a house somewhere.
Of course, their relationship takes a tour for the best during the adventure and they end up with a happy family.
Again, it is commendable that absolute power tries to deviate from the consumer suspense film by giving room for a dramatic secondary intrigue.
However, trying just not enough!
The second story should be subtle, original and preferably unpredictable ...
All this film is not.
How could a scenario like Absolute Power be that funding is produced?
How Eastwood, who was able to successfully produce and make many exceptional films such as The Brilliant Unforgiven, never believe in a project like this one?
I am sad to say that my respect for the actor / director / producer has decreased considerably because of this film.
Director Quentin Tarantino said one day: "I can make a good film from any bad script."
Director Clint Eastwood obviously cannot.