Here is a rarity: a film for children trying to tackle a weight subject, is there a God?
Well done, it could have been a jewel among the wasteland of modern children's cinema.
Unfortunately, it is not the case.
With mixed messages and an unclear audience, well awake was better left to sleep.
The fifth level Joshua Beal (Joseph Cross) is in the middle of a moral crisis.
His beloved grandfather (Robert Loggia) died and Joshua started a quest.
He wants to find God, discover why bad things happen.
This religious quest is slightly disturbing for her parents (Dana Delany and Denis Leary), but they do their best to face their son when he explores different religious times.
In his Catholic school, his favorite teacher, Sister Terry (Rosie O'Donnell), tries to give her advice, but it is a trip he must make by himself.
Meanwhile, he has the most important year of his life.
He has several adventures with his best daring friend Dave (Timothy Reifsnyder), he obtained his first crush and begins to wake up with the world around him while he is in his spiritual journey.
He is somewhat confusing as to what the real audience for Wide Awake should be.
On its surface, it seems to be a film for children.
However, it deals with serious problems and is likely to be boring for children in instant gratuity today.
And although it may seem encouraging to see that someone is trying to produce something thoughtful for the public Kidvid, Wide Awake asks serious questions, but provides only a cheap gadget for an answer.
If there was a little more meat in history, adults on a nostalgic slope could take a kick from the film.
The actors who could have created a large cast (O'Donnell, Leary and Delary) are wasted in roles which hardly represent more than the cameos.
The nostalgic elements (best friend, favorite teacher, first crush, etc.) have been much better made in other films, and more like a filling here.
The strongest scenes in the film are touching flashbacks representing Joshua's relationship with his grandfather.
They show more depth than what is present elsewhere in the film.
Perhaps the film would have been better if, instead of playing the relationship through flashbacks, it was fully settled in the last year of Joshua with his grandfather.
It would certainly have been more entertaining.
The great awakening can be described as a failed experience.
He begins with noble aspirations, but never holds his promise.
Parents who take their children to see the latter should be ready to answer difficult questions ... It is if their children are not bored first to death.