"The first rule of the combat club is, don't talk about Fight Club."
This quote deals directly with my opinion on this film, because very frankly, it is not even worth mentioning.
Director David Fincher (seven) has completely exceeded the edge.
With raw humor, an intolerable script and 2 hours and 19 minutes of pure torture, I am surprised not to go out.
It just shows that beaten media killing.
It is very rare that a film so excited as "Fight Club" turns out to be remarkable, and that is no exception.
The story happens like that.
Edward Norton is an insomniac trying to enlighten his dull life by going in a variety of therapy therapy sessions, until he meets Marla (Helena Bonham Carter).
Norton claims that she destroys her pleasant lifestyle, when he spots her during a session he also attended.
Apparently, disease sessions help them see what life is like, literally living in pain.
Why would someone think of such a thing is beyond me, but things get worse.
Norton is soon assigned to a work that calls for traveling, and it was in an airplane that he meets Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt).
The two men develop a link, and come out in a bar, and by Golly after their drunk, the two pitiful characters are fighting.
How do they find these kinds of things?
Anyway, their fights attract the attention of another pathetic loser and a club is formed.
From all this waste, he manages to lie a message.
Fincing shows us that society is like robots.
We work in our work by doing things step by step and want to go out.
Our madness arrives at our brain and aggravates the things they are really, and we blame it on others.
Call me crazy, but it's a public notoriety.
I think that Fincing acts as if the film was more bad humor and more poignant than it really is, which is probably one of the reasons why it fails miserably.
Even with two good actors and a solid actress, they only manage to weaken history.
I couldn't help but hide my face in shame when Norton is fighting in a bloody pulp.
This shows how desperate the script for attention.
I guess Brad Pitt was right for this role, because I wanted to beat him myself.
Its embarrassing and depressing character made me disgusted with its 20 million fees.
It only showed me that he was in it for money and nothing more.
Helena Bonham Carter had no goal, however.
She just appeared on the screen, mounted a few lines, smoked and left.
This continues for what seems to be 6 hours.
The film takes place and my headache grow, while "Fight Club" approaches what I think could be the end.
Unfortunately, the film touches the bottom.
Although the conclusion has kept my interest for only 5 minutes, it gets back again and continues to move at a rate of snails.
By the way, the trailer shows the only elements of buying the film, which lasts the same time as they have done on the trailer.
Hopefully Finche will regret doing this film or at least learning a lesson.
Focusing on the atmosphere or a particular key moment, will not do any property if everything else needs support.
In addition, I am afraid that immature men respond to the violence of the film.
The last thing the world needs is that people rent a leader in unnecessary worship.
At the end of the film, I'm just happy to go home and take a little Advil.
You will appreciate either what the film has to offer, or agree with Ed Norton when he says "it's so stupid."