The exaggerated remake of the 1963 film Robert Wise of the same name (based on the novel by Shirley Jackson "The Haunting of Hill House") features Lili Taylor as one of the three "laboratory rats" which participate in a supposed study"Insomnia" initiated by Liamneeson.
He actually conducts a study on the causes of fear and why the human mind is still affected.
He drags test subjects to a disturbing mansion where all types of "frightening" CGI effects frighten the casting and try the patience of the public.
I know that this question was asked before, but why do people continue to redo good films?
The original was a great psychological horror film.
This new version is dull and very definitely not frightening.
In fact, I think it is downright impossible to make a modern PG-13 horror film which is frightening.
Unless you find scary of the computer generated by computer, there is nothing in this film which will increase the hackles.
I almost fell asleep twice during the film, and I would probably have done it if they guys two rows behind me did not seem to have such a personal relationship with the characters he thought he needed to discuss eachDecision they made with them as the film progressed.
It's sad to see such an incredible casting wasted so bad.
Owen Wilson spends most of the film to wander in the corridors of the house, and the scenario does not do justice to his wonderful comic strip capacity.
Catherine Zeta-Jones (always pleasant to look at) receives the terribly subscribed role of a bi-sexual insomniac which can lack her perplexed room each time a strange noise occurs.
Liam Neeson arrives from time to time to speak in his tape recorder and try to convince others that he has as much knowledge about what is happening as others.
Finally, poor Lili Taylor, the center of the film, obtains the weight of the CGI effects that is launched to him while everyone can cry and try to save her.
Apparently, a secondary intrigue involving an appointment between Zeta-Jones and Taylor's characters was filmed but deleted.
It's a shame, because it could have lent a better characterization to the story.
This is the second failure of Jan de Bont (Speed 2: Cruise Control being the first).
When will he learn that bigger is not necessarily better?
Robert Wise knew that when he did the original and the brands of the Blair Witch project also knew it.
You should not approach a haunted house film with a Twister state of mind.
If De Bont and the scriptwriter David Self had let our minds fill the whites with regard to what was happening instead of showing everything, it would have been used to make the film terrifying.
What our mind is shaping up in itself can be a thousand times more frightening than having completely led it to everything.
Apparently, another version of this story is being filmed under its original title.
I certainly hope that this new interpretation will not be injured by the madness of the version of Jan de Bont and that it will keep the psychological impact that the original version has had.
[PG-13]