I admit it .
I thought that Arnold Schwarzenegger had a talent for comedy when he made twins and real lies.
Watching him in jingle all along, I wondered why someone thought he could wear such a lame film targeting sensitive children.
It was one thing to frighten children's shit with the cop of the PG-13 kindergarten, but parents who let young children see this film will have to explain the themes of violence, alcohol consumption, burglary,racism and sexual assault of children.
And you know they will spread out in tears when Arnold hits one of the Elves of Santa Claus.
He later posed a reindeer.
Hey, guy, why don't you kick the Easter rabbit in the nuts while you are in it?
The jingle all along is a shit of formula that follows if someone falls on their ass, it must be a funny school of thought.
Arnold, Sinbad and Phil Hartman crash on the ground more times in this film than a special Hockey team from the Olympic Games, and the film Drede more cliché and less credibility with each successive scene.
What can you expect from a film whose premise is that two parents do not find a rare toy on Christmas Eve, and will do something to get one?
Arnold is, of course, one of the parents, a crack seller who is never there for his son.
He runs from the office to the karate game of his son, only to discover that he missed him.
And his child is wary because he is never there.
 (Gee, we have not seen this before in a film.)
Arnold the absent father becomes convinced that the only way to buy his son's affection is to get him a turboman doll, that his wife (Rita Wilson, who will never be the medium for weeks.
Arnold therefore proposes to find a turboman, which turns out to be rarer than the tickling than the Elmo was not when Jingle came out.
Let me back up for a minute here-Arnold's child is completely obsessed with this Turboman character, who is unhealthy beyond belief.
Look at the show, eats the cereals, sleeps on bizarre turboman sheets.
I would try to discourage any other obsession myself, for fear that every child to see this film does not think that it is a wonderful thing to challenge your father to buy you from the toy you want.
But Nooooo, the culmination of Jingle all the way to Arnold disguised as a turboman in a parade, exonerating from all the reprehensible acts in the eyes of the woman and the son, who only recognize him at the last minute.
It is a sad film throughout, but it only gets worse after the opening scenes of Arnold and Mailman Sinbad stamped in a store, heading to the shopping center and connecting with a Santa Claus (JimBelushi) which runs a bootleg toy factory.
The most painful to watch is a scene in a radio station, where Sinbad holds the cops with a bomb of letters after having beaten the Deejay (an embarrassed Martin Mull) who said he gave a Turboman doll.
Capitalism has produced quite bad things (pets from Chia), but this ode to excess and violent consumerism is one of the most shameful.
Regardless of the sub -intrigue with a perfect neighbor Phil Hartman trying to seduce Wilson while Arnold is out of shopping ("Your cookies are incredible"), it is the main intrigue of the film that sends the message it isNormal to do everything you need to put your hands on what you want.
Maybe that's what Christmas is like Schwarzenegger's Christmas, but not mine.