Land: sitting in the future, a letter has downloaded data in a "hard drive" that resides in its head, and must now escape the bad guys who are after this very important information.
Since he overloaded his "hard drive", he has also flowed against the stopwatch before the information infiltrates his brain and kills it.
Criticism: incoherent, boring ranging and in an without suspense act, a horribly incredible futuristic environment, a bad dialogue, a bad career action by Keanu Reeves and a hilarious end.
It's a shame because the premise of the film was interesting, but unfortunately for my friends and I, this film turned out to be as bad as everyone had warned it.
It is one of those films that makes you start to laugh halfway, when you realize that most of the actors in it are zero, the location photos are filmed in areas of the "dark junkyard" type that'They would like us to believe to be futuristic (anyway ...), and all the sets look like .... Well,
sets.
There is also absolutely no arc for this story.
It starts mainly with Keanu downloading information in his brain, then a bunch of people pursuing him from one place to another to a laughable end puts a stop in the old procedure without incident.
Gibson should stick to the writing of novels and episodes of "X-Files" because his transition to the paranormal television series was much more entertaining than any of these garbage.
Some other hiularities of this film include Dolph Lundgren as a character of futuristic Jesus whose supposed kicks, Henry Rollins like a Cyber-Docteor Pompeé or something, and Ice-T like a kind of guy Hobo with paintingEverywhere on his face (don't ask).
The end is the funniest with a robot dolphin and a stupid-lady ghost inside the computer by doing things that no one really cares at that time.
I am ashamed to say that this film was shot in my hometown of Montreal, in Canada, but unfortunately for all of us, it was.
Some of the special cyber-voyage effects were correct (so 2/10), but overall, it is one of those bad films that is just funny to watch and cringe.
Fortunately for Keanu, he bought his science fiction career with The Matrix from 1999 (7. 5/10).
It is a shame that he still bought his lack of actor talent.
Facts little known on this film and its stars: in 1999, director Robert Longo never made another full film.
Hmmm ... now
Isn't it strange?
 :) The writer William Gibson immigrated from the United States to Canada in 1968, after being rejected for the project.
He lived in Toronto at the start, but since 1972 has made his house for Vancouver.
His 1984 novel "Neuromancer" and his "Count Zero" of 1986 and "Mona Lisa Overdrive" suites of 1988 are generally considered to be the definitive works of the "Cyberpunk" science fiction sub-genre.
This film collected Keanu Reeves a appointment in the "Worse actor" category of the Razzie Awards 1996.