Five years after his beginnings as director based on the writings of Stephen King entitled The Shawshank Redemption (9/10), the writer / director Frank Darabont returns to the big screen with another prison film based on the famous scribes by Stephen King.
Unlike this last film, it is a big, long and laborious bore.
Land: A seven -foot corridor detainee is discovered that he has secret healing powers.
Criticism: this film is slow, written, boring, uninteresting, inexicating, predictable and surmounted by some "evil" characters.
His only positive attribute lies in his actors who all make credible jobs and his message of hope and belief in miracles.
The real miracle of my night was the fact that I did not fall asleep during this simple and impressive film on a guy with special powers that we do not understand or that we never really care.
Of course, just like all the other blocks of cells in the death corridor, it is filled with prisoners who are all "misunderstood", with the exception of a madman who is bad personified.
And let's not forget all the guards of the death corridor, which also happen to be angels of the above paradise, with the exception of a cookie cookie who is also bad personified (and there is-It a reason why there are about six guards when it appears to not more than three detainees?
Am I supposed to identify with someone in this film?
Or more importantly, am I supposed to give a rat ass on someone in this film?
Well, if I was, I really missed this boat, because the only thing I cared for during this whole photo was the obscene quantity of fat that Tom Hanks was able to dig under his loose chin.
In addition, there is absolutely no reason in the world why the director Frank Darabont had to take three hours and ten minutes of the life of anyone to present this story.
In fact, the story is empty in itself.
I really left nothing from the film other than the fact that there is a guy in the corridor of death who has special powers to heal, and we wonder if he should be executed or not.
Wow .
How interesting is.
The total predictability of the plot is also at fault here with a supposition as to who must be healed by the sweet monster of this film (we are told that a certain lady has a tumor at the beginning of the film).
Take these caps out, children!
Hmmm, and I wonder what will happen to these two "evil" guys from cookie who have nothing in their system than hatred and negativity.
Hmmmm, think now hard here, boys and girls.
What a pot!
I suppose that this film was supposed to be an exercise of three hours of spirituality, but unfortunately for me, it was neither spiritual nor the least engaging.
In fact, it was a big bore.
I have not seen the interest of the film, I did not see the interest of the story and I certainly did not see the interest of the great double chin of Tom Hanks.
Overall, a bad film with great actors doing a solid job, in particular Michael Clarke Duncan as the hour of the hour, John Coffey.
Give this man a price or something!