Films based on video games, such as Street Fighter or Mario Bros., have never aroused a lot of interest in the box office.
But when the first Mortal Kombat film was released in 1995, it was surprisingly successful.
With a simple story, a pulsating soundtrack and many abundant combat scenes, the film quickly moved and displayed a lot of energy.
He obtained my vote for "the film where I expected the least and I obtained the most".
And, if you have not had the opportunity, I would certainly recommend that you see it on video.
In the world of Mortal Kombat, based on the popular arcade game, Outworld's black forces are trying to infiltrate the kingdom of the earth with the purpose of the total conquest and the destruction of humanity.
The mortal Kombat refers to a competition, fought by human mortals against the servants of Outworld, who, if won, will guarantee the security of the earth for another generation.
MK2 resumes almost immediately after humans come back victoriously from the competition.
Despite their victory, however, a bridge has somehow opened, and Outworld continues in his quest to conquer the earth.
Outworld's warriors include an impressive collection of fighters, including Shao Kahn, Mintoro (Centaur), Sheeva (a four -arms ogre) and Sindel.
The fatal warriors of the earth, under the direction of the benevolent God, Lord Rayden, understand Liu Kang, Princess Kitana, Sonya Blade and Jax, who must fight the forces of Outworld.
It is a fairly easy premise, but unfortunately (very unfortunately), the writers try to do too much with the film.
It is only a video game, after all, but the version on the screen tries to go beyond its bounds of comics by adding depth, a conceptualization of self-esteem, and worseanother love story.
It becomes very annoying, because all players are fighters and nothing more.
They are friendly and impressive when they highlight their martial arts and combat skills, but seem extremely clumsy and uncomfortable when they really have to act.
It becomes embarrassing, for example, because the film is trying to develop a romantic link between Liu Kang and Princess Kitana.
The original MK was intelligent to let the players do the best.
They spoke little, but fought a lot.
Thus, the film was easy to digest.
However, MK2 tries to give these players a certain depth, an element that lacked in the first film, but the attempt here fails miserably.
This worried feeling is obvious, for example, whenever you hear Lord Rayden talking.
Not only does he speak in puzzles and an enigmatic offer (for example.
Useless advice), but he speaks so slowly that simulating infinite wisdom.
Try to read this half as fast, and you will hear what I mean.
But the film is not a complete death.
The combat scenes are well choreographed, highlighted by acrobatics and great agility.
And the players of the game will be rewarded by the inclusion of almost all the characters in the video game, although their screen time represents nothing more than a cameo.
Even if you are not familiar with video games, each fighter has their own costume and unique weapons to differentiate themselves easily.
But it's just too little of what moviegoers and in particular game fans will expect.
Curiously, the inclusion of the human element pollutes in fact the purity of the deadly essence of Kombat.
And the poor acting results are reflected in a confused film that offers the public the public little chance of survival.
 (I now speak very slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom).
Rent first, but the rest concerns only Kombat fans.