I have little against remakes and updates of older films and television series.
If there is a will, there is a means; and I believe that anything, no matter how much the big or veneration can be effectively improved.
This is the reason why I responded so well to the universally shot update by Gus Van Sant of Psycho; I thought it was not only an intriguing cinematographic experience, but also very on the file with an original.
But I have a big problem with the remakes which are obviously bad.
You see, the point of a remake is, or at least it should be, to iron the faults of the original and to bring the work closer to grandeur or even perfection.
But what happens if the source material on which the remake is based is not good to start?
This is the only cinematographic question reflected by the Actionriser Fade la Mod Squad.
I have seen only a few episodes of the television series of the late 1960s on which it is based, and to be honest, I did not like it.
He has a concept which - and is always - interesting; a group of young corrupt adults, all at the beginning of the twenties have the choice: they go either to prison for the various crimes they all committed, or to become infiltrated cops, helping the police to put themselves in places that they would normally be able to access.
Obviously, all 3 opt for this last option and become infiltrated police (and police).
The three main characters here are played by Claire Danes, Omar Epps and Giovanni Ribisi.
Of the three, only Danish has a real character.
Dumbass of Ribisi, 20, is played exclusively for laughter; a little smarter EPPS is used to create various pursuit scenes.
When the team's supervisor is killed and his reputation is dirty in death, the three, sure that their beloved master has been supervised, left and investigate by themselves, discovering corrupt cops, many, manycostly whores and very lucrative drug operations.
All kinds of good things!
The only times that the MOD team is still getting closer to working is in its comic moments.
Although Ribisi is an ordinary actor and his characters repeat the film after film, his man here is really rather fun, when the script gives him a chance.
The hetero man of EPPS is actually played against spontaneity without any idea of Ribisi.
But the rest of the film is dull, boring and particularly without interest.
An action plot of the drug operation is no longer new, not even with action heroes for adolescents, and the way it is executed here, it is also far from exciting or suspense.
The character of Claire Danes has a potential, but it is buried under lots of shots and its performance is too retained.
She could have been a tour de force, but instead, the director Scott Silver puts her obstacles and simply does not allow him to do anything very important with his role.
EPPS and Ribisi behave a little better and do as well as what can be expected, although their characters are not as rich as that of the Danes could have been.
The Squad Mod is a marketing intrigue with a film's mind, and adolescents will jump everywhere.
It is full of bad dialogues, scenes and concepts that have no meaning and - get this - drug traffickers who love Tango with other guys during their free time.
Nothing is intriguing at a distance or which is worth paying.
Claire Danes is no longer attractive - mainly because it has a horrible hairstyle, so this draw is out.
There are, however, explosions, firearms and nice prosecution that can attract a spectator thinking that he is about to experience any exciting thriller.
Don't be fooled.
Some may call this escape rate - I call it escape as a price like a cane.