There is a scene somewhere in this film where one of the characters reads the book "Screenwriting made Easy".
This is funny the first time because it is the case, but funnier than the film continues because it is completely ironic because the writers of this stupid film probably read it, described it and then wrote this film.
It is as if they had taken the sub-genre of the photo in the event of a disaster, which can be fun and hokey at the same time, then forgot one of the largest parts of them: the stupid characters andeccentric.
Yes, "The Poseidon Adventure" is shit, but it is fun of all the stupid and eccentric characters.
And "earthquake", my God!
 "Earthquake" must be one of the worst films of all time, but at least they had the joke of having Charlton Heston to sleep with Geneviève Bujold.
 "Volcano" takes a semi-intriguing but incredibly stupid plot (a volcano that nobody suddenly knew Erruts one fine morning then broke again later then stops ... only
Is it inside, I dare say it?
L. Un !!!) then no longer place stupid, stereotypical and eccentric characters.
They are just stupid.
And the actors are all good.
Tommy Lee Jones is great, winner of an Oscar and member of The Men in Black (my vote for what should be the coolest film in the summer).
Anne Héche is a good Indy actress.
Don Cheadle stole the "devil in a blue dress" disappointing Denzel's feet.
And Gaby is one of the few good adolescent actors.
But they only do to act stupid and shout what is happening.
They make their best, that God bless them, but they are all lost in the false magma (only Don Cheadle obtains an interesting part and he is most of the film).
There is no real suspense here because you don't care about anyone.
In fact, I was rooted so that the character of Gaby was killed, so Tommy Lee Jones would not have to continue to save her (he did it as thirty times!).
And there are no interesting sites in L. Un. What we see being destroyed.
Part of the pleasure of films in the event of a disaster consists in watching the sites switch or destroy or something else.
In "Independence Day", the best part (other than Judd Hirsch) was to look at the White House building and the Empire State Blown Blown by extraterrestrials.
It was cool.
Looking at the Magma's laboratory really false in the street is not.
Okay, so the film is not without merit.
As I said before, Don Cheadle was great and the casting made his best.
And there is this really scary scene that looks cool.
John Carrol Lynch ("Fargo" standard) goes to a metro car to save people, but the lava comes and surrounds them.
He has a guy who is injured and could get there.
He could throw the guy and jump and always survive.
But no !!!
He must go and innovate and land in the middle of the lava.
Here is the cool view: it melts.
Here is the stupid part of that: he somehow manages to throw the man safely while his legs melt.
Old cool.
No logic.
But a cool view.
The volcano bursts twice and for any reason, the film stops there.
They are not worried about it again, they go home in their overturned homes.
But to tell the truth, I was glad they did not continue.
I hoped that the film was finished after the end of the first eruption.
My God was actually painful to sit through this 102 -minute little film.
I did not see "Dante's Peak" but I heard that it was a masterpiece compared to this.
If you want to see a cool but interesting cool disaster film, rent "The Tower Inferno" with Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and the Schwepervescent O.J
Simpson (he saves a cat).
If you want to waste your time watching a boring and stupid disaster film (literally, it has almost brought in half of its budget), see this.
But I warned you.