Synopsis: a maniac, crazy by virulent microphages, strikes more than twenty people, including a street gang and highly armed troops, with a small knife.
Even with a handgun, however, he cannot remove the two cops who are looking for it, despite having pulled a total of seven times.
Comments: The most notable aspect of adrenaline: fear the rush is that it marks a striking career movement for Natasha Henstridge.
Not only does she manage to keep all her clothes (her brand in previous films such as species and the maximum risk was to undress as often as possible), but she actually puts even more clothes as the film progresses.
This will probably disappoint many fans of Henstridge, but I salute the change because Henstridge is an attractive and capable actress who deserves less exploiting roles (although I admit, it does not show up in this mess).
Henstridge, like all the other players in the film, offers wooden performance in this monumental turkey.
 (The cast also includes Christopher Lambert, who appeared in Highlander and Mortal Kombat films.)
How devil this film has revealed two big stars of name.
Adrenaline: Fear The Rush takes place in Boston ten years in the future (2007).
Boston has radically changed during these ten years.
It now houses a bunch of buried foreigners and police by cops leading to small cars with "Policia" printed at their doors.
A guy has a very bad virus, and he kills people because of this.
Thus, good good (Lambert and Henstridge) pursue it.
that's it .
76 minutes never seemed so long.
This is a hunting scene trained through low -lit abandoned buildings transformed into an entire film.
The development of the intrigue is zero; we learn absolutely nothing about the character of Lambert and very little on the character of Henstridge.
The dialogue is strewn with unnecessary obscenities and concerns the silly arguments of the spirit on which will descend the next dark corridor / tunnel / aeronaut then and which will wear the pocket lamp.
A secondary intrigue exists involving the illegal attempt of the character of Henstridge to take out his son from Boston.
In his opening monologue, a monologue who seems to be that Henstridge read benchmarks, we learn that she made great efforts to obtain a false passport for her son.
Twenty minutes after the start of the film, I was wondering if the film would have been better if it focused on this plot.
In a decisive scene of the film, however, I changed my mind.
This false passport falls to the ground.
The Lambert cop immediately recognizes it as a six -foot fraud.
should not be a good false.
This emphasizes another fault with the film.
Things just challenge common sense.
The Lambert cop, for example, is shot down seven times, but it is always able to speak and slide.
Adrenaline: fear that the rush ends in a banal way which does not even seem to adapt to the mood that filmmakers were trying.
I rather bored with this film, which will disappoint both science fiction / horror fans and fans of Henstridge and Lambert.
Don't be afraid of the rush.
Fear of the film.
Look at something else.