When the mediums in question are video games and feature films, was there already a respective transformation which has reached a higher ground than mediocrity with noodles?
 "Super Mario Bros.""" Street Fighter "and" Mortal Kombat "were all stubborn idiots, and now the empty and execrable" wing commander "joins their humble ranks.
Endor this spectacularly bad piece of science fiction, easily the worst of the genre is like watching someone was with a video game for 100 minutes-that is to say that there is little pleasure in havingWhen you are not the one who holds the Joystick.
The film is therefore a missed opportunity for director Chris Roberts, who created the original embodiment of "Wing Commander" in 1990.
How an original interactive idea so venerated could end up with such a cinematographic battery of waste under the head of the same guy is a shoemaker.
 The story of "Wing Commander", credited in Roberts and the scriptwriter Kevin Droney, is a chaos without any idea of the incoherent narrative and non -original ideas.
He snatches the best films of his kind, Top Gun and, in a scene, even these Spiffy advertisements "Stereoscopic Feleze".
Located in 2654, "Wing Commander" features Freddie Prinze Jr. As a cowboy of Cosmos Daredevil who hopes to be a big fighter pilot like his father before him.
Along the way, he plays Kissy-Face with his stoic superior (Safran Burrows) to the new Hangout de Galaxy where he posted, reconciles with fanatics who blame him for his "pilgrim" heritage (do not ask) and continueTop secret mission involving the "jump coordinates" (what, no death star plans?) Of a bad extraterrestrial race known as Kilrathi.
or something like that .
Given the extremely confusing activity, it is difficult to say.
On the other hand, what is easy to see is that "Wing Commander" is a great old waste.
The strains of lame dialogue, filled with original lines such as "do not die on me!",
 "Combat stations!"
And repeated (and often unanswered) calls a "doctor!"
The action sequences sparkle.
The conflict of character arouses involuntary laughter.
The only source of suspense here is what these kilrathi looks like, because they are kept out of sight until the 15 -minute conclusion.
Imagine the Siamese bearded cats crossed with something Roger Corman 50s 50s and you have a good idea.
Little, but the techno-babble occurs for an hour, and it's as if "Wing Commander" tries to do too much at the same time; when it seems that the film is about to show signs of aImpulse, it rather provides a hilarious touch of culminating human drama with use for a bulldozer which has probably never been seen in this type of space camp before.
Matthew Lillard, presented in good place in this sequence, is interpreted as a partner of Hotshot de Prinze, and although the two are beautiful young actors - recently twinned in the hit "she's all that" - they are fighting more than theevil from another world here.
The rumor wants "Wing Commander" to be planned as a later version of the year, increased to capitalize on this hot casting coup as well as the first in the new trailer "Star Wars: Episode I".
But in my audience, there was no woman present to make goo-gooo eyes in Prinze or Lillard, and many members came out after the very good overview.
Given that most cineplexes do not grant the reimbursements to this last possibility, the "commander" could rattle in a certain dough, but be warned: the top wears out as soon as the upcoming attraction gives way to thepresentation of features.