Working in the film industry must be a constant source of frustration for an African-American first-line actress like Jada Pinkett Smith.
Despite one of the coolest talents available, Pinkett Smith has often been relegated to playing ungrateful support parts (a shame dirty low, the hazelnut teacher).
The problem is, of course, that there are not many good roles available for black women.
Remove the tastes of waiting to expire, trigger it, soul food and Eve's Bayou, and there is only the opportunity to be the girlfriend of someone, a local whoreor a murder victim.
Consequently, for the first opportunity of Pinkett Smith at the top of the marquee, she is stuck in a stupid romantic comedy and formulates with the non -promising title of Woo.
In fact, Woo, Daisy V.S.'s last effort as director of Daisy V.S.
Mayer (party), could have been worse than it is.
The Film Offers A Few Funny (Albeit Juvenile) Moments and the On-Screen Relationship Between Pinkett Smith's Woo and Tommy Davidson's Tim is Appealing On Those Rare Occasions when the Two Aren't Forced to Play It Dumb for the Sake of An Endless Barrage ofgagscheap.
Unfortunately, huge parts of the film insult the intelligence of anyone who has a triple figure I.Q.
The situations are painfully artificial, the main characters are withdrawn from Sit-Coms, and the support players are so incredibly stupid that I wondered if they all participated in a kind of experience in the "Free Lobotomy" laboratory.
Woo is a spontaneous and energetic young woman who looked for love in all bad places.
Her last relationship, with a drug -overtaken drug, abruptly ended when she refused to wear a beep.
Now, her transvestite / Medium Friend Celestrial (Girlina) predicts that she is about to meet Mr.bon, and that he will be a virgin.
Later in the day, Woo has the opportunity to go out with a blind meeting with Tim, a shy man with a penchant for cleanliness and order, who happens to be a virgin.
It is not love at first sight, however.
Things take a difficult start when Tim makes an clumsy pass, and they still worse when the pair arrives in a chic restaurant to enjoy a "calm" dinner.
In the story of a hundred years of films, there have been a ton of bad "white" films on offbeat lovers, so I guess it is just that we get a "black" effort from the same weak caliber.
As in all romantic comedies, we have known from the start that Woo and Tim will end up together.
The question is as follows: are their nudial parade rituals entertaining?
In a good entry into the genre, the public is taken in the love story, no matter how familiar it is.
In Woo, constant dependence on harmful and animated humor flows the project.
For those who like to spot blunders of continuity, there is a huge one in Woo involving a corvette with a broken window that miraculously repaired (added to this is the mystery of the way the car loses its top).
Unfortunately, this is one of the most pleasant sequences in the film, and the entertainment value is entirely involuntary.
Despite the exuding charm of each pore, there is not much that Pinkett Smith and Davidson can do to save their characters or David C. The script of Johnson.
Since the brand is so lacking, a better name for Woo could have been howls.