Phaedra Cinema, the distributor of classics never heard as "Soft toilet Seats", "Trailer: The Movie" and "The One Armed Boxer Vs. The Flying Guillotine", Faufilé his latest version, "The Sculptry," In a few theatersWeekend hoping to enjoy a handful of Halloween holiday fires looking for a good fright.
 "The Sculptress" is a frightening proposal, but not in the way its producers wanted it.
From the start, it is easy to see why some of the largest and most famous channels do not transport it: the film looks like a direct video release of the early 80s which was dusted (not very carefully) and republishedin theatrical format.
This essential Schlocky Z-M-Movies Jeff Fahey ("The Lawnmower Man") plays a faded Shakespearean actor devoid of certain basic human skills.
When he does not return to his days of glory in his dilapidated apartment in Nob Hill, shouting "Hamlet" soliloquies induced by scotch, well in the night, he is in the streets of San Francisco tracing women in bulk.
Dobie de Fahey size his victims (in fact only one, a name of Peep Show Performing from Sylvie) dressed as one of the guys from Kraftwerk, and the approach in the ridiculous outfit of a Bavarian count filled with a cane, ofBlack glasses and a fake (just in time for Halloween!).
 "Do you have a castle?"
Sylvie asks Dobia attractively when he flashes the bulging contents of her wallet outside a coffee.
 "Jah.
With ZE, many turrets "is the perplexed answer of Dobia.
The real "star" of the film (and I use this extremely freely free term) is Katie Wright, who plays the sculptor of the title.
Sarah is new in town, a student at the prestigious SF Art Institute under the mentoring of a French "Genius", played by the Bauchau carrying the Béret.
It is practical, because Sarah would one day like to live and work in Paris (you will not believe the last blow of the film, with its backdrop of the Eiffel Tower with cheese and imagery inspired by "Rosemary's Baby").
The character of Bauchau publicly criticizes Sarah's work (his clay busts continue to transform into gargoyles - maybe she is possessed ...
by an incubus !!?) But he always manages to dinner.
While Wright makes a decent English accent, his talents stop there.
On the other side of the wall, the troubled past of Dobie is succinctly summarized in a scene in which he strikes an old album of press clippings with titles like "The actor delivers a magnificent Macbeth" for the priesthood "and" prostituteThe priest of the fingers in the sex scandal. "
The intrigue of the film could have been just as easily condensed.
 "The artist moves next to the Shakespearean psychopath."
 "Battlements follow."
So Dobie Rantis and Raves and Sarah bursts into large granite blocks until the hours of bed.
Late in the film, their paths finally cross with results in mental training.
No one else in the apartment complex seems to worry about the whole racket, but an old dear becomes ballistic when Sarah's bathtub overflows.
No, we do not see Wright in the bathtub (or Fahey elsewhere), and the gore quotient is practically zero, so for a horror film "The Sculptry" is surprisingly lacking.
The only thing that is worth watching is San Francisco, and the writer / director Ian Merrick manages to make even sad, swept by the wind and desert.
 "The Sculptress" is not even bad enough to be fun.
Fortunately, a limited version made it easier to avoid.