Post-chasing Amy, a multitude of love-triangle films: this month, we kissed a fool, co-a with the own lee of Amy, and April brings us the object of my affection, which can alsoWell -being entitled Chasing Allan, because it is the history of a woman who falls in love with her gay roommate.
 (To be absolutely six degrees of Kevin Bacon on this subject, this film features the friend of Schwimmer Jennifer Aniston.)
If only Kevin Smith could write them all ...
Schwimmer plays the role of Womalizing Chicago Sportscaster Max, who falls in love with the editor of books of his best friend Jay (Lee), Samantha (Avital), barely twenty-four after having met her.
They are soon engaged, and Max, because of his own unleashed libido, is wary of the loyalty of Samantha.
He convinces Jay to flirt with Samantha during the development of his book, to "test" her.
The problem is that Jay could be secretly in love with her.
To stretch this dish flat, the premise of sitcom to present the length, the plot is framed by a culminating marriage, during which Bonnie Hunt recounts the triangular tale - the events that led to the wedding - to a big boring manAnd to her silly girlfriend.
Hunt has the best comic timing of anyone in the film; Schwimmer can turn a bad dialogue in a slightly humorous dialogue; and Lee, poor Lee, is bad.
If hysterically funny by pursuing Amy, here he is forced to suppress her comic instinct: swear, cry, talk about oral sex ...
The idea of the scenario of a character trait is to emphasize that Jay is a "sensitive man", then show him drinking pepto bismol when he cooks his girl problem.
As for Avital, an Israeli actress, she is warm and gentle, but we know nothing about her character other than it takes an incredibly long time to achieve the most obvious things.
She also looks too closely in the incredibly magnificent Kari Wuhrer, who plays the assistant and the personal temptress of Schwimmer, transforming this particular intrigue into an involuntary riff on Vertigo.
There is a handful, a handful of good scenes to kiss a fool.
I enjoyed a moment in a comedy club, during which Jay gets up and asked "Someone here has he ever hated his girlfriend that you wanted to kill her?"
Again and again until it is triggered by the scene.
There are also a few obviously improvised lines which are cooler than anything on the page.
To kiss a fool is never as intelligent as Thursday evening joke friends who gave birth to Schwimmer's film career, so save eight dollars and watch three episodes of this series.