Tommy Lee Jones pursues an innocent victim across America who tries to prove that she has not killed her spouse.
the fugitive ?
Not enough? This is the intrigue of Double Jeopardy, another fugitive copier without the action, the excitement and the right game that the original had.
There are other slight differences in addition to a film being bad and the other good; this time, Tommy Lee Jones plays a parole officer and not an American, intelligent marshal, huh?
Oh and the fugitive Ashley Judd was supervised by his own husband (Bruce Greenwood) who was to collect two million dollars in life insurance not an armed man.
The two films are on video.
Make the wise choice and choose the fugitive.
There are so many double danger defects, it's laughable.
While serving a prison sentence, Libby Parsons (Judd) discovers that she can never be charged for committing the same crime twice.
Learning that her husband is still alive, she decides to purge her time in prison, to find him, to recover her son and to kill her husband if necessary.
When the parole officer strictly Travis Lehman (Jones) stands on his way, Libby decides to break the rules (who knows why?) And to continue her plan, despite the fact that if she gets caught, she returns inprison.
Director Bruce Beresford spends too much time trying to convince the public that Libby is missing his son.
All the other scenes, we are given a photo of Libby who looks and crying his photo.
In an action film like this, a precious time lost in these photos removes more opportunities for Libby to get up and do something.
Anything necessary in this type of film is a short scene in which Libby said to herself or a friend "my son I miss".
no more no less .
Dr. Kimble du Fugitive did not look at a photo of his deceased wife, his main concern was to save himself.
Libby sometimes shows this same determination but not enough.
Ashley Judd and Bruce Greenwood are both excellent actors, but if they continue to make films like this, they will be typing for the rest of their careers, a bit like their Co-Star condemned Tommy Lee Jones.
Winning an Oscar for the fugitive must have convinced Jones that the public will never get tired of his I-Do-My-Job roles-that they are innocent-or-guilty.
People always pay to see his films and he earns a lot of money, so I guess he was right.
Although I don't think he will win another Oscar again.
The ultimate error in the script is what ultimately becomes from Libby Parsons.
Even if she was excused for having disobeyed her parole agent, the number of other crimes she commits to the flight is too numerous to count.
Burglarly, Assaut, Auto de Grand Guft are some of Libby's refreshments.
The message of the film is that you can break all the small laws as long as you are innocent of the major crime.
Hopefully criminals will not use the double danger as a reference before the court for why they are innocent.
It would simply be stupid.