Hello children.
Today, movie studios want to take control of my critical criticism, and somehow persuade you that _armeddon_, the biggest blockbuster of summer, is a film for everyone.
And remember, if a film is for the body of everything, and if it earns the most money for the summer, it is good, right?
Armageddon is a comedy, with a capital "C".
He features Bruce Willis, who has a hundred liners!
He has a tiny direct rock directly in the middle of a stormy argument in New York !!
And, laugh, laugh, one of these New Yorkers, _survives_, with charcoal all over the face !!
Splary, * sniff *, hiccups.
And he has Steve Buscemi as _Genius_ who wants to work for an oil platform?
Knee-Slap !!
Isn't that fair, therefore, funny!?
Armageddon also has a romance, with an "R" capital.
He has a tender moment between * prohibited lovers * Ben Affleck and Liv Tyler, with, with, animal crackers!
And he has Will Patton as a long -lost husband who tries to find his separate wife and child, who thinks he is a seller!
GURGLE, * SNIFF *, AWWWWWW.
And he has Steve Buscemi which spits more liners on minors and stripper.
Umm, moving to the right ...
Armageddon also has a lot of action, with a capital "A".
Not just any action sequence would do the trick.
He must have sequences of action _original_ designed to form.
Like, pierce, damn, pierce !!!
And, let's have incompetent people to destroy the MIR space station !!
You can't hear your heart beating!?
And Steve Buscemi goes crazy and starts to shoot people !!
What a drama !!
Finally, Armageddon is there to save the planet, with a capital "P".
It cannot be an old thriller - we must have an asteroid, the size of the head of Texas directly for the earth !!
And, and, we must have beautiful photos of the whole world, like Paris, exploded.
And, and, we must have peoples of all colors, nations and religions, join hand in hand for a last embrace, full of hope.
The final sequence, where Muslims in prostrate worship come up - in domino fashion - to encourage victory, filled me with emotional cottons that I wanted, to tear the tabling screen !!
I mean, I mean, encourage ecstatic joy!
 ( It was finished ) .
Comedy. "C".
Romance.
 "R".
action .
 " A " .
planet.
 "P".
Okay, children, what's the right on?
Seriously, friends.
Any film that could take the most precious talents of independent films, and throw everything with a vehicle from Bruce Willis, a budget of one hundred million dollars, but which have cheap sets and ugly special effects, is at the end ofAccount, Vivantecet Hell exists and has concluded a multi-images agreement with Universal.
In the midst of all the action, the tenance, the one-liners, the false ensembles, the loss of global time, I recognized Matt Malloy playing a technician subscribed to NASA ("Maloy, give me a reading").
You remember him?
He was a main player in the Men__ Company last year, a more powerful, shocking, terrifying, funny and shocking film that _armeddon_ could ever aspire to be.
_Armeddon_ costs more than $ 100 million to win.
_itcom_ costs $ 30,000.
Should I say more?