Well, if you are ready for stellar effects, this is the film for you.
Because that's all there is really ....
I found that after watching this film, there were a lot of gaps and faults in the simple logic in the plot.
On the one hand, a first white actor who has a black girl leaves a certain curiosity ....
I'm not saying it's not possible.
But that lets himself wonder ... I
Know that I did it.
Another thing is that this film has painfully stretched sections ....
And some scenes are repeated mainly but with slight variations.
There was a scene that should have been short ...
But it was horribly stretched and somewhere in the middle of it, I found myself thinking.
Ok enough already continue.
There are also times when you have to ask yourself why things happen as they do ...
Things happen as if by magic and there is no prelude or anything ...
Another thing that I noticed towards the end is that some characters simply disappeared without trace but they were quite major during most of the start.
This film is also very predictable ...
You can almost tell the last story somewhere in the middle and you certainly know what will happen at some point.
Admittedly, it is difficult to omit, but here it is just blatant, he is sitting there and looks at you.
In addition, some of the things that happen are a little too predictable and several clicks are repeated ...
It sometimes becomes boring to tell you the truth ...
Even if there is still current action.
Another small point that I could add is that the main character is supposed to be a quiet chaos mathematician and not a type of hero.
Some characters are not appropriate for their roles.
The game is very good but the characters simply do not seem to add up.
If I had to base my criticism totally on the plot, I would not evaluate this film too much, but it is just the thing that this film is not only the intrigue, it is the whole package and this package isReally well done.
The whole film is really well done and looks really good and if we had to neglect the faults of the plot and the characters, it is really a film.
The special effects are simply incredible, you cannot say that the dinosaurs are created, it seems that they were there live, in a few cases of course, you know that it is false, but there are othersonce you just would not be able to say the creature was not there during the shooting, extinguished or not.
Another thing is the scenes of destruction ...
Wow, they were masterpieces.
Well, some of them were well choreographed and with the Dino, do one of the reasons to see this film.
This film is quite long, but it is thrilled, so it should do well at the box office.
Unfortunately, this will remove the fifth element, but alas what can we do.
I may be too cynical for my age, but this film is worth seeing only for the effects and for a few fun moments.
Go see him in a morning if you really have to see it, it's not worth the full price if you ask me.
A small side note, although my opinion on this film may not have been the best of the way this film was marketed and how many theaters it was shown in Toronto this opening weekend is allSimply stupid, there were 10 theater cinemas that were playing this film 24 hours a day I think some people really want money ....
And I think that this type of activity hurts the film industry, the other films also have a chance ....
You know that any film with so many games would succeed even if it was the worst film never made .....
I thought I would have put this here to deflate the media threshing of the film on this film ...
It is not that bad a film, but it is not so great hope that you realize it.