It was with a sad irony that I projected the night of night 2 the day when one of his stars, Roddy McDowall died at the age of 70.
McDowall was one of Hollywood's most talented and prolific actors, having a career that lasted over 60 years and appearing in more than 100 films.
Fright Night, part 2, will probably not be counted among its most memorable roles.
It is really sad given the quality of the first film on the night of Fright.
William Ragsdale and Roddy McDowall have both resumed their roles as somewhat reluctant vampire killers who seem to be the only ones who realize that vampires work with us.
 (At least in movies anyway.)
It has been several years since Charlie Brewster (Ragsdale) and the actor of B-Movie who has become a horror film host, Peter Vincent (McDowall), found themselves face to face with a real live vampire that cameto be the neighbor next to Charlie.
Charlie and Peter won this battle, but apparently, even the vampires have parents who are annoyed if you kill family members.
Apparently, the former neighbor of Charlie next to it had a sister who was not too happy to discover that a child and an aging actor marked his brother.
She therefore decides to demand a little revenge.
This ends up forcing Charlie and Peter to fight the forces of darkness again.
One of the things that did Fright Night such a success was Chris Sarandon who played Charlie's elegant neighbor with a taste for blood.
Fright Night leaves 2 tries to duplicate this modern style, but it falls in a way.
Although they are elegant, the vamps of this film simply do not have the personality of the living dead in the first film.
With the exception of a werewolf which adds comic relief that is very necessary for some of the scenes.
A bright point, speaking from a strictly sexist point of view, is Lin traci, who plays the very skeptical girlfriend of Charlie.
It's a shame that her career has not been better since she made this film.
Ragsdale does a fair job in this film, but does not give the performance it has done in the original.
Roddy McDowall takes the best party from what is given to him, which is unfortunately not much, which is a shame because his character was very fun in the original film.
I guess I must say that the first film was a product higher than all points of view.
The original has always left you the danger that is just hidden at the corner of the street, part 2 had more feeling of a video clip.
Never a good thing for a horror film.
Another less for part 2 was the traditional scenes that leave the public on the edge of their seats while waiting for something to jump from a shadow where very rare.
Besides, they were almost nonexistent.
If I was going to watch a horror film, it would be far from being my first choice.
The first frightened evening, however, would be just at the top of my list.
If I were in mood for a film Rody McDowall, I probably went to the science fiction section of my local video store and I would rent the planet of the apes.
Anyway, Fright Night Night, part 2, would probably not intervene in the equation.