Obviously borrow elements of "like water for chocolate" from 1993 and "The Butcher's Wife" from 1993, "quite simply irresistible" tries to be a fanciful romantic comedy, but, most often, presents itself as laughable, leaving youAsk you why the rising star Sarah Sarahmichelle Gellar (t
Things take a bad start from the start when Amanda (Sarah Michelle Gellar), a young woman who manages the restaurant in New York in difficulty from her family, comes up against a mystery man who forces a bushel of crabs on her thenIn finair.
During his purchases, she also meets Tom (Sean Patrick Flanery), a charming and beautiful man, who plans a Ritzy restaurant for the department store for which he works, and later when he decides to fall by his dive, entitled Southern Cross,For lunch, she sort of a delicious crab dish for him, even if she is known not to be a very good chef.
Suddenly Amanda finds her restaurant, on the verge of foreclosure, rejuvenate himself in life while the customer begins in fat for his food, which strangely causes immediate jubilation when she strikes her mouth.
Are Amanda and Tom intended to be together?
And isn't it just because of magic food, but because they really love each other, really?
And what exactly is going on with the food it does?
Does that have something to do with this annoying crab that she got who is on the shelf in the kitchen in one way or another helping her in her food preparation?
 "Simply irresistible" is a ridiculous and simply clumsy romantic fantasy which is as fragile as a bologna slice.
It takes a joke --- that people who eat food are surprised in the most unusual way - and the recycle again and again until the film has reached an appropriate operating time of 95 minutes.
Add a music editing every ten minutes (these are actually the best scenes in the film, which certainly tell you something about the film itself), and what you have is a completely empty excursion, if not necessarily boring.
The distribution of "Simply Irresistible" is quite good, but it is the supporting characters that are the most interesting.
Patricia Clarkson ("High Art" of 1998, in which she played a drug addict) is a star as a colleague from Tom, and fortunately receives some fun lines of dialogue.
It is also advisable to note Larry Gilliard Jr., as an Amanda and Buddy cuisine assistant, who is allowed to create a character apparently complete on only a handful of scenes.
Among the main stars, Sarah Michelle Gellar is fine, but he really seems to have difficulty through undoubtedly clumsy equipment, and if Sean Patrick Flanery plans to keep a film career in the future, he must certainly choose better projects than that.
The main thing is that "simply irresistible" is exactly the opposite of its deprophesive title, and when the film came to the point where the characters began to float in the air (a plot without an appointment which was repeated in theLast stupid scene), my mind is verified characters and romance.
When I think about it with hindsight, I should have checked in the very first scene, where the point of action was for Gellar to crawl under tables in search of a mechanical crab on the run.
Now, this is certainly what I would call magic!