Nowadays, the lack of originality in Hollywood is reflected in the deluge of Remakes.
But, only a few years ago, before Wes Craven made fun of the practice, the aftermath had been more popular among Hollywood producers.
The consequences were also popular among the directors and cinema stars whose quarries went to the south.
The way to regain popularity and prestige, they thought, was the use of the same formulas, characters and scenarios that brought them success in the first place.
One of these celebrities was Eddie Murphy, a black actress of the 1980s whose career was in great decline during the first part of this decade.
In order to return to the spotlight, he chose to resuscitate the franchise created by his most popular film, Beverly Hills Cop, 1984 Action Comedy which had already generated the rest in 1987.
Seven years later, for the third episode, he used the director service of John Landis, another star of discoloration, with whom he managed to collaborate twice - in the negotiation places and coming to America.
This time, however, the third time was not the charm and Beverly Hills III was failure.
Eddie Murphy had to wait a few more years for a real return.
Eddie Murphy plays here Axel Foley, the policeman from Detroit Streetwise as fast, who goes around the illegal chop shop.
The action of the routine police ends with a tragedy, when the criminals kill the boss of Foley.
Determined to translate the killers into justice, Foley realizes that their leader is Ellis de Wald (Timothy Carhart).
When it turns out that De Wald happens to be a head of security for the theme of wonders in Los Angeles, Foley returns to Los Angeles.
There, with the help of his old friend, local police officer Rosewood (Rheinhold judge), Foley would come up against a silver counterfeit ring.
Ten years have passed since the original and the times are definitely different.
During this decade, the contrast between Blue Collar Detroit and Yuppie Beverly Hills, which provided many gags in the 1984 film, simply does not work.
Scriptwriter Steven E.de Souza provides another conflict, this time between the childish stupidity of good and the professional professionalism of the bad guys.
Since Foley has belonged to the first, his character had to watch his language, and the tone of the film in general is more infantile.
Unfortunately, this film always belongs to Action Movie Genre, and there is too much violence for small children.
A fine example is the humorous scene at the beginning, which turns into standard ramboeque blood baths.
Unlike giving with the series of Lethales weapons, Landis simply cannot balance comedy with a "regular" action, and the result is a film that fails in both aspects.
The action scenes are sometimes interesting, but not too spectacular (at the end, the landscape of Wonderland is more fascinating than the action itself); humor, on the other hand, falls flat.
To worse, some minor characters in the 1984 film become unnecessary and sometimes irritating overexposition (in particular the expert in art transformed into arms dealer, played by Bronson Pinchot).
In the end, although the film provided entertainment, viewers, at least critical, would probably be happy to know that there is no plan for Beverly Hills IV.