Land: Something on a bunch of children entering a haunted house and play parodies from other horror films and not horror.
Oh yeah, there is also something in a ghost having mansion and shit, but believe me, you don't care about yourself "the intrigue" in this film ...
Critality: parody films, or they don't work and it just doesn't work!
Laughs are not also pronounced this time, the energy level, the gags and all the characters simply seem to go through the movements here.
It is as if they were all in a hurry to finish the film or something like that (wink, wink).
And the frightening part of all this?
Discover the number of writers it took to supervise this puppy: seven!
I repeat, it took seven people to write 82 minutes of PET jokes, half-cul cascades and film parodies other than horror.
Now, I do not know exactly if each of the writers wrote his own pieces separately or simply threw ideas "sketch funny" while smoking the chronicle themselves, but the end result is a film that is played essentially as a prolonged sketchOn "Saturday Night Live".
There are a few funny liners, but especially scenes with a single cheerfulness, a lot of dead silence and lame gags.
Add the title and the film poster very unusual and you must start asking yourself if someone was even trying here (the film's website is not even in place yet !!!
What is F * * *?!?).
However, I have to abandon James Woods, the man who opens this film with the funniest parody of all (exorcist takeoff - miss this and you have missed any reason to see the film).
I particularly liked his one-strip as he entered to see the head of the woman possessed to turn.
very funny !
Unfortunately, the film falls directly after that, with stupid parodies of many films for adolescents who have nothing to do with horror like Save the Last Dance and Mec, where my my car, and other action filmsLike Charlie's Angels and Mission Impossible 2. In Help me to understand this one, isn't it?
Isn't that supposed to be a parody film of horror films?!?
 (Or maybe it's just the title of the F-IG film with my head).
Well, I'm sorry to have to say that, but the only horror of this film is his lame script!
The Brothers Wayans should have known better than looking at the Weinstein brothers (silver) instead of the Brothers Zucker (Comedy) for this suite.
Unfortunately for us, everything we have left here is a skeleton of a film that could have been funny, if it had been worked several times, tightened here and there, and injected with more solid laughs.
But as things arise now, there is no doubt in my mind that the obvious greed to capitalize on the success of last year's film led everyone on this path, so screw them for not having tried toostrong (critically, of course).
You should all be ashamed of you so as not to have put enough "real" effort in this chopping and not to have provided your fans the ultimate of your talents.
Pooh on you!
 (That tells him, Joblo!
Sheesh)
BTW, I attribute a point alone to actress Kathleen Robertson, whose massive breasts and Skanky G-String made me Chompin.
Go ahead!
All the others ... stay!
Where does Joblo come from?
Airplane (10/10) - Airplane II (10/10) - Galaxy Quest (8/10) - Hannibal (7/10) - The Haunting (3/10) - Mafia (5/10) - Naked pistol (8/10) - scary film (8/10) - Top secret (9/10)