The conventional wisdom among the retailers of collectibles is that the articles of children are starting to considerably degenerate the price approximately twenty-five or thirty years after the article.
It was at this moment that the children of that time have jobs, available income and a desire to revisit the fear and wonder of childhood that has disappeared from their lives.
Discover the prices of toys from the late 1960s and you will find that the Lunch Yogi Bear boxes require large dollars.
There is a strong nostalgia these days for the late 1960s and the early 1970s and nowhere is it more apparent than on the big screen.
Baby-boomers are now mainly in the forties and fifties and have lived in the world of work per day for a long time.
They would like to recover part of this pleasure of which they remember days in the past.
Hollywood seems more than eager to produce a product to help them.
The directors are zealous to put their cachet on the icons from this moment.
And for the most part, they spoil.
 "Mission Impossible", "Lost in Space", "Godzilla", "Zorro".
None of these elements successfully captures the originals.
None of them are even good films.
You can now add "the Avengers" to the list.
The British television series started in 1961.
Super secret agent John Steed (then-patrick Macnee) and his third partner, Emma Peel (then Diana Rigg) are the couple for which the American public fell.
Surrealist and full of mind, the series corresponds to the mood of the time.
The line dressed in leather probably did not harm notes either.
After all, it is not a coincidence that you cannot pronounce the name of his character without "call".
Now we are in the 90s.
Steed (now Ralph Fiennes) and Peel (Now-Uma Thurman) fight against evil genius, Sir August de Wynter (Sean Connery) who fucks with the weather of England.
It is almost as much a plot as we do.
There are images on many other things that do not make sense or have even less meaning.
We get a betrayal for an unknown reason.
The evil clones appear and disappear and have no connection with the film.
Remarkably ineffective giant robot wasps with machine guns in their belly come from nowhere without valid reason.
There is a high -tech hot air balloon, but I don't know why someone is there.
The espionage agency is led by a man called "mother" who is in a wheelchair and a woman named "father" who is blind ...
the least in certain scenes.
There is probably a reason for all this, but we will never know.
Macnee makes a kind of appearance.
He is the voice of an invisible man whose character is going nowhere in a scene that does nothing.
A group of bad guys is around a table, all dressed in huge pastel -colored teddy bear outfits.
At the beginning, it is humorous to see the teddies walking, but it becomes clumsy.
The film is a mixture of size, confusion and bad decisions on every street corner.
It seems that the main parts of the film are missing.
The story jumps rather than the flows.
It seems that the film has been rectified several times.
This is one of those moments when the whole is lower than the sum of the parts, especially since certain parts seem to be missing.
There is a good point where Peel flows from one room to another in a house designed by Escher.
Apart from that, the effects are second -order.
The meteorological threat is an old hat, just like the scenes of huge tornadoes.
Thurman almost makes an adequate Emma skin but it does not work.
She looks good, gets dressed in all good fetish outfits but there is no spark.
Fiennes is doing even less well.
Macnee's courier was a man full of spirit of the world with a sense of humor.
The Fiennes agent appears as an austere child in adult clothes that have never left his hometown.
Even Connery, one of the greatest living actors, does not have much presence outside a few ardent scenes.
Action scenes are difficult to follow.
Director Jeremiah Chechik (responsible for the atrocious remake for "Diabique") S Homewow manages to put the camera exactly where it should not be.
Things happen, people move, but even if, with the greatest effort, you were able to worry about all of this, the scenes are confusing.
The main attraction of the original was the interaction between the two sons.
Full-minded jokes and underestimated sexual tension were a winning combination.
Admittedly, there are a few humorous sexual word games in the film, but there is no chemistry and the distribution is anything but intelligent.
One of Emma Peel's first lines of dialogue is "rules are established to be infringed".
It doesn't improve.
A word alone should have been enough to scare anyone.
The release date has been changed several times.
Connery refuses to promote the film.
There was no projection for criticism that could have been a good choice for Warner Brothers.
At least that way, they get something from an audience for the first weekend before the news came out.
Admittedly, I have not seen an episode of the television series for a few decades.
I guess it would be seriously dated now.
No matter how obsolete it could be, there is no doubt that it is better than this film is at first sight.
There is no reason to waste part of the last days of summer inside watching this film.
No reason at all.