Sometimes you would think EDTV would be an entertaining film.
I mean, who can resist the story of your average Joe to become a celebrity by filming your life every minute of every day?
But this average Joe, Ed Perkuny, (Matthew McConaughay), is a Sappy and lifeless creation that is walking, trying to solve everyone's problems and solve his own.
McConaughay is horrible, especially because he tries to remove his usual Hollywood charm with a 3 -week beard and torn jeans.
Frankly, he had more charm in the flop devastating the Newton Boys.
He exaggerates in all respects: his overexate body language, the obsession to kiss women every second, he has the opportunity, and this cliché scene where he loses someone in his life, and falls to the kneeAnd cry.
The rest of the distribution is very good; especially Martin Landau (as a stepfather of Ed), who plays a cute role as an old man close to death which makes all the full of mind.
Jenna Elfman is good (but a little too emotional); her main problem is that she continues to be sucked in bad films, i.e.
I can't wait barely, and Krippendorf's tribe.
Woody Harrelson, as Ed, Ray, has his usual egg role, with his comic spirit (he wrote a book entitled "My brother upset on me.")
Elizabeth Hurley is perfectly interpreted as the easy slut, and Dennis Hopper, in a quick cameo as an Ed biological father, is a good choice (ironically after the role he refused as Christof in Truman's show).
Ellen Degeneres stood out as the executive which, after a certain time, decides that the spectacle should not go to the opposite of the opinion of Rob Reiner.
I hate comparing this film to The Truman Show, but the fact is that I was ashamed to see this film.
He thought I had gone from university to kindergarten after seeing Truman and Ed.
EDTV had neither real nor genius; it was Hollywood typical.
Extract the television part of the film, you have the simple intrigue: the man steals the girlfriend of the brother, his girlfriend leaves the city, the man obtains a new slutty girlfriend to have the impression of moving on, a slut breaks with him, the real girlfriend returns and voila, you have a romance.
I became so agitated during this film, I almost released.
The only reason it does not fall below a "C" note is due to fine support performance.
Ad2am "I almost lost my nose ... and
I like this .
I like to breathe it. "
-Jack Nicholson, Chinatown