The advertisements make "hang up" resembles an optimistic comedy on a naughty father and his three daughters.
Anyone who went to the film expecting what has become disappointed.
All the funny film scenes were included in the ad.
So what do we get?
Eve Marks (Meg Ryan) has just put his father Lou Mozell (Walter Matthau) in a hospital.
Once upon a time, Lou was a Hollywood screenwriter who collaborated with his wife now in order.
His only big moment in life was to write a film for John Wayne, who gave him a giant ball -shaped trophy.
Now Lou is senile and deteriorates quickly.
Eve tries to convince his sisters Georgia (Diane Keaton) and Maddy (Lisa Kudrow) that their father is dying and needs it.
Both are slow to be concerned.
Eve is therefore devoted to his father, who constantly asks for his favorite daughter Georgia, while directing his own business (special event planning) and taking care of his son (Jesse James).
 (Some comic reliefs occur when Maddy also falls from his sick street. Bernard so that Eve takes care.)
The tension is built until the three sisters are finally in a room during one of the events of Eve where Georgia is the main speaker.
There is a superficial resemblance to the "King Lear" of Shakespeare (senile king with three girls: a devoted holy and two selfish female dogs), but the material is apparently taken from life.
The sisters sisters Delia and Nora Ephron had parents who were a successful Hollywood writing team.
Henry and Phoebe Ephron collaborated on 17 scenarios, including "Desk Set" and "There is no business like the show business".
 (The novel by Delia, the base of the film, is dedicated to Henry).
Surprisingly, the script is as thin as the wet dream of anorexic.
The virtue of a semi-autobiographical project seems to be the richness of the material available.
However, Ephrons provide only the most faithful minimum of information on their characters.
In addition, the spaces they inhabit seem artificial.
Eve lives in a house that looks like a magazine arrangement; no matter how much she is in place, we cannot feel sorry for anyone whose house is so virgin a given day.
Georgia is a famous magazine publisher, and in its brief scenes while she discusses on a mobile phone with Eve seems to be the widespread photo for a profile.
When we meet Maddy for the first time, she fishs in a picturesque mountain stream.
I expected to see the credit "Cinematography of" Vanity Fair "."
And, yes, Diane Keaton is literally old enough to be the mother of Lisa Kudrow.
On her credit, however, she looks young enough to remove it.
The only redemptor aspect of "hanging up" is that, at the base, is a truth about the brothers and sisters.
There is always one on which everyone in the family is based, releasing others to be selfish and emotionally distant.
My wife is the reliable child of his family; for better or for worse, my brother has the role in mine.
 (Being selfish and emotionally distant may not be fulfilling, but it is much less work).
If you have nothing better to do than watch this film, look for a powerful Corris Leachman cameo as mother of the sisters Pat.
In a devastating scene, Eve discovers that his mother does not like him.
Although Leachman is best known for comedies like "Young Frankenstein" and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", her performance reminded me of the considerable dramatic talent she showed in "The Last Picture Show".
Conclusion: all those involved lived in Hollywood for so long that they no longer recognize real life.