The best thing - in fact, the only good thing - I can say about Dark City is that it made me want to go see L. Un. Conidential again.
Or go rent body heat, to see William Hurt make real black.
Or even - God helps me - Palmetto.
The new film by Alex Proyas shouts the atmosphere.
I also shouted, "get me out of this theater!"
New Line Cinema spent millions of dollars to create the expressionist visuals of the film Noir and pay the actors, and has no way of recovering it.
I paid $ 4 .25 for screening in the morning and I have no way to recover my money either.
You will hear many other criticisms about the appearance of this film.
I admit that filmmakers and costumers and CGI graphic artists and geeks have all worked hard to create an impassive and nightmarish future world where it is always a late night in 1948, with rotary phones and automata and Fedoras.
I have news for you guys - I don't care about your work where he wanted to go, without soul or reason to care about it.
The film starts if promising.
John Murdoch (Rufus Sewell) is lying in a bathtub in the kind of a shabby hotel which, in real life, would have been embarked a long time ago.
There is a dead and mutilated prostitute in the other room - a surprise because he lost his memory.
The phone rings: he is a sinister man, claiming to be his doctor, telling him to flee for his life.
All good, right?
fake .
Apparently, someone decided that the public was just a little too weak to understand the subtleties of the plot.
 (It becomes a popular hypothesis in Hollywood.)
Thus, the real beginning of the film is not Sewell in progress for his life, it is rather a narration of voiceover from the aforementioned doctor (Keifer Sutherland) explaining exactly what is happening and which is responsible.
It was as if Sam the piano told us that Rick and Ilsa had obtained it in Paris in the first three minutes of Casablanca.
No, wait, it's not just for Casablanca.
It's more like watching a new plot during the first of the show - or if you want to know what I really feel, to explain an off -screen narrator that Gilligan will not leave the island in this episode.
> From there, the consistency of the plot decreases faster than (insert the joke of Monica Lewinsky here).
The characters wander in the aimless city and bang without any apparent reason, and that is what makes the plot move.
What we have left is a series of unanswered questions that make no sense.
We are given extraterrestrials with unlimited omnipotent powers, but they forget to use them at critical moments and be killed.
We are given a hero who can "adjust" these same powers, but he only uses them when it is practical for the plot.
We are given a long list of loose ends that are not going
Usually, criticisms will say that an actor playing a part of subscribed "is not given much to do".
In this film, no one has nothing to do.
Sewell receives the impossible role of a man who does not remember anything and plays him ...
Um ...
A man who does not remember anything.
The extraterrestrials are large, with a pasty and bald face, and wear long black and Fedoras coats to remind us that they are bad - and there is also an extraterrestrial child, straight out of a novel by Anne Rice.
Sutherland is struggling with a mold, a nervous eye and a breathless accent to remind us that he is in the league with the extraterrestrials.
On his credit, Dark City has two impressive casting buildings.
William Hurt is perfectly interpreted as the Las Inspector of the world responsible for causing the man who murdered prostitutes throughout the city.
Jennifer Connelly, playing the love interest of Sewell, receives two too bries moments On the screen as a living room singer - and transforms the sexiest connection on this side of Jessica Rabbit.
But instead of the obstinate policeman and the femme fatale, having received a central treatment in the script (the way they are in any self -respecting film), they are almost Tangian in the plot, as it is.
The problem with Dark City is as follows: it's a bad science fiction film that claims to be the film Noir.
The essence of the film Noir is not, because the proyas seem to believe, a breathable dialogue or fedoras in Rume-Pli or bad guys of bad bad guys who would make Peter Lorre bend in a corner.
Dark City does not have a little intrigue, moral ambiguity, suspense or everything that brings us back to black classics.
Dark City is like the finely sculpted door on which Kate Winslet fleets in Titanic.
It is a piece of exceptional and well -designed Flotsam, navigating, navigating around and around the middle of the ocean, which is not going.