Warner brothers; PG-13 noted (light violence, sexual situations); 132 minutes
Director: Luis Mandoki
Scenario: Gerald Di Pego (from the novel by Nicholas Sparks)
Interpreters: Kevin Costner, Robin Wright-Penn, Paul Newman, Illeana Douglas, Robbie Coltrane, Jesse James, John Savage.
Review by: Geoff Berkshire
I am not too cynical.
There have been many brilliant Hollywood novels that have taken me with their romanticism over the years.
However, I have my limits and I also have standards.
This brings us to your fingertips: message in a bottle, the romance of big tickets that Warner Brothers sparked on the film in the future just in time for Valentine's Day.
The story, the little of that there is, implies a boring journalist from Chicago Tribune Theresa Osborne (Robin Wright-Penn) dealing with his recent divorce and trying to raise his young son Jason (Jesse James).
During a brief stay somewhere in New England, she found the message holder in a bottle during a morning race by the ocean.
The letter, written to a mystery woman named Catherine, her captive instantly.
On his return, Theresa shares him with her best friend Lina (Illeana Douglas), her boss Charlie (Robbie Coltrane) and the whole city of Chicago (Le Journal publishes an article on this subject).
It turns out that the message was written by the mourning widower Garret Blake (Kevin Costner) and therefore Theresa goes to North Carolina and find it.
He turns out to have a colorful father (Paul Newman) but is also perfectly dull and too obsessed with sailing.
This is sort of attractive for Theresa and the two begin their clumsy nuptial parade.
Of course, she did not tell him that she found her letter, she wants, but the rules of this type of film force her to discover it later (preferably just after their first love).
In this way, Garret can get angry and the relationship can be threatened.
The discovery of the message and the discovery of Garret according to which Theresa discovered that the message is really the only two remarkable events that occur during the duration of almost two hours and quarters of this film.
There is a truly generous secondary intrigue on Garret's relationship with his dead wife's family (he fights in a bar with his brother, played by John Savage) then the necessary end.
A fun way to spend the time is to take bets on whom will die, although it becomes quite clear by the second coil.
The real death sequence is one of the most ridiculously forced and involuntarily humorous sequences filmed since ...
Well, since the Postman de Costner (1997).
The message in a bottle is a slow moving film.
Last year, the public was offered endurance tests such as The Horse Whisperer and meet Joe Black, but these two films look like Jerry Bruckheimer Productions next to that.
They also had qualities of redemption in the form of quality performance and certain technical work stands out.
The message in a bottle has a sufficiently decent cast, but they fight the equipment all along and lose badly.
Costner and, in particular, Wright-Penn are both friendly and attractive enough to encourage, but their characters are simply too boring.
Nor do they manage to generate a kind of true romantic chemistry.
Support players have very little to do.
The reliable Douglas is particularly wasted.
Old Pro Newman gives his whole and occasionally threatens to give life to this death of a film.
A scene of confrontation he has with Costner towards the end is particularly well played.
However, too often, he reminds us of how little about our main characters are.
The film is very polite on the technical side to be sure, but it only works to undermine history.
Gabriel Yared, who previously created the romantic moods of the English patient (1996) and City of Angels (1998) with her scores, opens it a little here.
Caleb Deschanel's camera makes Everything looks a little too beautiful.
Do the Chicago Tribune offices really need to look heavenly?
The edition of Steven Weisberg is disturbing not only by considering everything that could have been cut, but is also simply messy.
The real offender here is the screenwriter Gerald Di Pego.
Working from a well -sold novel by Nicholas Sparks (which I have not read but who told me is at the same literary level as the bridges of the county of Madison), Di Pego creates one of the mostInspired in recent times.
His strict membership in the shot reminds me of disasters that I still know what you did last summer (1998).
There is simply no original scene in this film.
The dialogue is rarely better than laughable and this is only accentuated by the excessively long breaks that each character takes by speaking.
This is the first film by director Mandoki since when a man loves a woman (1994), the solid romance Meg Ryan / Andy Garcia.
He just goes through movements with this.
The message in a bottle is easily the worst of the many romantic offers available in cinemas at the moment and features with What Dreams can come (1998) as one of the most wrong novels of the decade.