Capsule: The long -awaited rehabilitation of Pierre Boulle's novel comes on the screen like a dark and a little dreary film with a lot of prosecution and fights, but very little intelligence.
Visually, there is a lot to love in this version, but the approach consists in taking an adventure after the style of Gulliver's travel and treating it as an action film.
This makes it a film without too much center.
 , 0 (-4 to +4)
Pierre Boulle, author of The Bridge on the River Kwai, wrote Planet of the Apes (A. K. A. Monkey Planet), the novel, as a social satire.
He reads a lot as a fifth book of Gulliver's trips.
Humans discover a planet in which the roles of monkeys and humans have been reversed, much like the roles of horses and humans on the island of Jonathan Swift of the Houyhnhnms.
The novel moves a little slowly to create a little suspense to reveal everything that most cinema fans know how to be true on the nature of the planet.
It seems to me that there is also a statement on human cruelty towards animals, but perhaps I was looking for that.
When Rod Serling adapted the novel in a film released in 1968, he added a number of touches of Serling, familiar from episodes in the Twilight area and changed the end to make it more dried.
The last irony of the original version has become the story of the film.
Without that, there could never have been a series of films "Planet of the Apes".
I can assume that the Serling has encountered serious script problems in the way of managing the delicate question of language.
In the book, the monkeys had their own language and the human finally learned this language.
It could have been done in the film, but it would have forced the whole film to be subtitled for the unreason.
Serling avoided this by making the English monkeys speak and, of course, there is a justification for this at the end of the film.
Justify why the monkeys were talking about English can even have been inspiration for its surprise end.
But Serling never attacks the very important question of the reason why a so-called intelligent human never shows any curiosity or even surprise that the monkeys speak his own language, a language that they did not have'opportunity to hear.
However, few viewers have questioned this serious intrigue hole, and the film has become well respected in the history of cinema.
Partial credit should at least go to Jerry Goldsmith whose extremely inventive score is one of the best if not the best Goldsmith.
When the success of the film called on follow-up, the filmmakers revealed violence and they added well-intentioned, but not very subtle political messages, on what was going on in the United States of the 1960s and 1970s.
While the first film had a small shooting of firearms and what was there seemed a little half -wrapped, by the second film, under the planet of the apes, there was much more violence and tofrom this moment of violence and prosecution.
The series ended with the Battle for the Planet of the Apes in 1973.
Now the director Tim Burton tries his hand again to adapt the original book.
For those who thought that the 1968 version was not very faithful to the book, the new version of Burton is even less faithful.
First, he does not really invert the roles of humans and monkeys.
He both make them intelligent and articulated races that fight for a domination of the planet currently in his hands, uh, make these legs, monkeys.
It could also be a good story, but it is not the planet of the apes.
As with the Mission Impossible Mission films and so many other film tributes in the third quarter of the last century, the title makes promises that filmmakers have no intention of honoring.
In 2029, Leo Davidson (Mark Wahlberg, not the most expressive actor in this world) worked on a space station increasing the intelligence and utility of the monkeys.
Then, a practical time storm sweeps the sorcerer and drops it on an extraterrestrial planet.
 (Yes, he survives This storm, but no storm is perfect.)
He quickly finds, not very foolproof that he shows, that on this rule of monkeys on the planet and that humans are drooling, but everyone speaks.
And the language they are talking about is the Ark.
Apparently, it does not even come from Leo that there is a mystery which must be explained on this subject.
The fact that this does not arise in Leo and that it apparently did not come to Tim Burton either is the heart of the true horror of this film.
The two simply assumed that if the monkeys were going to speak, the language, they would speak would be English.
In any case, having a race that speaks by dominating another does not make an overview of human-animal relations and more one of the master-slave relationships.
Apart from Sudan and a few other countries, it is a less relevant subject.
Leo is captured to be used as a slave but is also discovered by Ari, played by Helena Bonham Carter.
Ari is an attractive monkey with close ties with high political power.
She is determined to make the world better.
Maybe in a previous draft of the script, she was called Hil-ARI.
In any case with makeup that stifles his usual pout, Carter is about as attractive as it has never been in a film.
She may want to consider this to become her standard look from this moment.
It takes long before Leo escapes with humans and only a few nice monkeys.
This is another abandonment of source equipment.
The pursuit seriously limits the interaction of the APE and the man and the examination of the place of each in this inverted society, each important in the book.
We cannot see how the company works because most of the Société de Temps Screen-Temps has broken down.
We see humans separated from the monkeys or fighting them.
Burton chooses visceral sensations compared to cerebral chills at almost every turn.
This is a calculation error, because the characters who therefore lack empathy value are difficult to place a lot of emotional investments.
These are mainly chess and the spectator has little reason to place themselves so that they win.
The 1968 script had little subtlety, with lines like "I never met a monkey that I did not like", but at least we took care of what happened to Taylor, the main character.
Most of what this film has to offer is in visuals.
The visual work is uneven but generally well done, except that a large part of the film takes place in the night or in the fog.
This tends to limit close -ups on makeup.
In general, this seems well improved compared to 1968.
The makeup team is led by Rick Baker instead of John Chambers, who did it for the 1968 version.
In 1968, Chambers' makeup was a dropper of the jaw.
It was realistic enough to be almost credible but flexible enough to show emotion.
Chambers is good, but if someone had the chance to make it the best, it would have to be Baker.
Today, the public has higher expectations; Baker's visualization is really an improvement.
These visuals work well.
What does not work are the leaps assisted by the wire.Some monkeys do.
They seem to be inspired by the unbeatable jumps of tiger crouching, hidden dragon.
The monkeys emerge from incredible distances.
Some of the best scenes are monkeys running in the battle that seem to have a monkey posture, but when they start to fly in the air, the effect is lost.
A final visual problem is that the film frequently shows its budget in what should be spectacular battle scenes The camera shows us only a small group of close -up people.
Since the time of Lon Chaney and Boris Karloff, few actors have crossed in celebrity in a role that required strong makeup.
The only actor who has a blow is Paul Giamatti.
It's not that its lines are so good, most are silly jokes.
But he delivers them very well.
He has always been an observable actor, but has not yet been celebrating.
As a limbo of the monkey trader, he has over-emotion to overcome his monkey makeup, but does it very well.
In doing so, he gets the most interesting thing on the screen.
He's probably Th The best thing in the film and evokes memories of Peter Ustinov's performance in Spartacus.
As Joke, there are several lines in the script borrowed from the 1968 film and an old monkey played by Charleton Heston becomes an allusion to the first film in itself.
Danny Elfman's score has a beautiful primitive feeling, but the Jerry Goldsmith's tour de force in 1968 is a real classic.
This score and the whole film will be remembered when the 2001 film is forgotten.
I note the remake 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.