I am a fan of Steven Seagal.
I am not saying that now because "Mufti Splenetik" is not my real name and because I probably need to explain why I went to this film by expecting great things.
Any proud fan of Seagal who is worth his beans will tell you that the Seagal formula is something you can depend on.
Seagal films can always be counted for a minimal dialogue, lots of bad consumables with extremely crunchy bones (which we always hear when Seagal does his Torselife Model-Wife thing that has not worked from a bizarre science) and, generally the worst possible titles that you can imagine.
Not to mention the very simple intrigues, generally a bad versatile dialogue and relentless leather face himself in the same black outfit in which he has been since Nico makes his "my hands are acute and agile knives", Seagal The Stoïc, SirPetrified Ponyton, Duke of Dull.
In The Glimmer Man, Seagal comes out of this formula: he obtains an acolyte *, tries to joke and puts a new vest.
He also gained a lot of weight.
Small potatoes, you can say that a man should be able to accessorize and joke if he wants, but damn, if it is not broken, why repair it?
 (More things about the dotted expectations of this disappointed person later).
As Jack Cole, Seagal is a detective of homicide with a questionable past.
While he and his partner (played by Keenen Ivory Wayans) investigate a series of ritual murders, Cole himself becomes suspect, especially when a check of the history carried out by Campbell practically reveals nothing about Cole.
It turns out that Cole is a former assassin of government trained (you cannot trust these homicide detectives), someone who are used to take just an overview of the jungle before jumping them, and therefore, well, you know, this "glimmer man" thing.
An investigation into homicides increasingly fish in the present leads to the gradual discovery of a greater and more threatening conspiracy which implies a twisted businessman (Bob Gunton), the former boss of the CIA of Cole de Cole(Brian Cox) and agreements involving chemical weapons.
The intrigue Glimmer Man is fairly standard stuff, drawing (as with its other films) elements of the warmer films of the year (for example, SE7).
These are the other changes that disappoint.
For example, although there is a lot of violence in this film, there is also the disastrous twinning of Seagal with Keenen Ivory Wayans, probably the best known of the Wayans tribe (how much is there, exactly?) Television "in living color."
Wayans plays Whiney Straightman to Coleal from Seagal from Seagal to Pearl and Drocade, keeping his game "Are You Crazy" of dialogue with a wasted zest.
As Campbell, Wayans is limited to deplosing the eccentric habits of its new partner, but the chemistry between the two is minimal, and the wooden returns of Seagal make a painful observation.
Cook in under Seige 2, Seagal is now a Buddhist who speaks Chinese and carries prayer pearls and complex silk jackets on his normal black whole.
He sings, refuses to fight unless it is really provoked and presents Campbell with a powder penis to heal his allergies.
Again, a Benin Traced device (so commonplace), except for the fact that these new character traits require that Seagal speaks more than usual.
Heck, he must deliver punchlines and have a constant conversation with someone other than him for a large part of the film.
Is it a lot to ask the Seague?
too much .
The best characteristic of Seagal was that he knew his goal in this already complicated world of films: to take wicked appendages in a crisp manner, and to do it in silence and alone.
Not for Seagal, the catchy liners of Arnold and Stallone, nor attempts to show that it can act, even less.
No kindergarten cop, no Oscar, just simple and useless.
This is really how it had to start: Li Vive fans who knew what they wanted to go to bed to watch the Seague doing his thing, knowing that never in the Seagal universe should never see him doing something else.
We trusted him.
We got to know him.
Now betrayal.
I don't know if I can watch another Seagal film without this insignificant little doubt that he will try to be funny again.
I will try, but it will not be easy.
If you haven't watched the glimmer man yet, you may want to wait for the video to come out.
It is easier to simply advance the parties of dialogue and dwell on the action sequences.
After all, if we cannot depend on our fantasies, what can we depend on?
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.
Mufti Spelenetik is still a fan of Steven Seagal.
Everyone makes mistakes from time to time.