According to advertising equipment, with this film, the directors "hope to restore the right old -fashioned bowling in its legitimate place in the dominant current of American conscience".
Hmm .
You never know, they may well be on something.
With the rise of geek chic, living room music and fashion from the 70s, children always contrary to the 90s could simply hang on to the bowling alley like another Tackyana bastion in the terminal phase to claim.
But then, I doubt that Kingpin has something to do with it.
It is right, but connoisseurs of bad taste will find this excess film that the bland smell of outdated jokes rather than the invigorating stench of the real kitsch.
It's a shame, because, within the first ten minutes, the film promises to be much more.
Woody Harrelson plays the upward Bowler Hosthot, Roy Munson.
The film opens in the 1950s with Roy's father to dispense the digest / gumpian wisdom of the reader in scoops, passing through the 70s for a hilarious parody of Saturday evening fever.
The sardonic tone of the procedure is much improved by the presence of Bill Murray, like the Big Ern McRacken delicate.
It is thanks to Murray that the first quarter of Kingpin seems so good - it gives the ironic and derisory edge to this comedy that is otherwise little focused.
McCracken Dupe Munson in a work of stampede, then abandoned him in an angry crowd which spoiled the hand of Roy.
Then he is ahead of 17 years later when Munson is a fatty and bald loser with a prosthetic rubber hand.
He is hopeless until he meets Ismaël (Randy Quaid), an Amateur Amateur Amateur player that Munson faces as protected.
So, together, they left for the Bowling Tournament at Million Dollar in Reno, picking up the pretty Hustler Claudia (Vanessa Angel) on the way.
With the release of Bill Murray, the filmmakers seem to have one direction to go, and it's ...
Beast and even more stupid.
Yes, indeed, Kingpin is brought to you by these modern supporters of laxative humor, Peter and Bobby Farrelly, the directors of the aforementioned Jim Carrey vehicle.
So, prepare for a lot of slapper comedy with flying rubber hands, distended nipples, ridiculous hair and bull sperm.
Prepare for fish situations out of the water when City-Boy Roy puts a beard and tries to blend with the Amish community, or when the Ismael Calleux de Suaku takes smoking, strip -se and rockingnon -Christian neighbors.
Now don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with cheap humor, and I had my just part of lavatorial laughter with Woody and Randy.
The problem is that these jokes are not daring enough or funny enough to lead a film that is jostling without much meaning.
He goes from the sporting film to Amish shaking with the road to the sentimental melodrama, (in pause for a parody aboard the indecent proposal, and many shameless caps for the pop -in -accompanying soundtrack), never quite alltogether.
Some gags fall flat from a lack of accumulation, while there are songs in the film that simply do nothing.
Why the long funny fight in the parking lot?
Why two of them?
Why is this guy wearing mascara, or this guy has a glass bowling ball with a rose in it?
The film is full of these half-thought ideas that give the impression of any old gauffer, handle or make-up artist throwing random stuff and saying: "Wouldn't that be funny?".
Well, no, actually.
The actors do not make the film either.
Woody Harrelson stands out properly, acting plausibly stupid, intelligent, cynical or innocent when the incredible script requires it, but Randy Quaid is incessant ham, and Vanessa Angel has no talent (like Schwarzenegger, she seems more convincing while playingA human computer creation - Take the weird television series.
 ).
Even Murray picks him up when he reappears in the peak of the film.
Overall, a fairly unnecessary comedy attempt and a certified non-hoop in Kickstarting T He bowling Renaissance.
We will have to turn to a reintegrating John Waters, or perhaps someone Down Under ("Strictly Bowling", anyone?) For the final Bowling Comedy.
The Flying Inkpot's notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.