An 80 -year -old woman enthusiastically jumps out on her sofa, wearing tight leather, as she applauds her favorite television wrestler by calling her opponent an "pump bitch".
Two men eat fast fast while their septic tank flees raw wastewater directly behind them.
And about 17 people are started in the crotch.
Welcome to "Ready to Rumble".
Judging by the fact that Potty -Geth Adam Sandler is the champion of reigning box office comedy, you realize - although while shaking your head - that yes, there is an audience for this kind ofthing.
Ladies and gentlemen, I cry for society.
Notice, when executed with comic style and ingenuity, jokes like an alarming body fluid confused with hair gel (`` There is something about Marie '') and an attack induced by laxative of explosive diarrhea (`Stupid and more stupid '') can be extremely funny.
Unfortunately, "Ready to Rumble" is not led by the Farrelly brothers, and it is not reinforced by a script that welcomes the spectator with anything even at an intelligent or inspired distance.
"Ready to Rumble" is built around the dedicated fans of the professional struggle ....
Which, in fact, sounded like a good concept for a Goofball comedy.
But the director Brian Robbins and the screenwriter Steven Brill meticate themselves, and limited to a stampede on the humor of the Asinine Bathroom and the Humdrum, essentially the only thing they manage is to evoke memoriesof Pauly Shore and "organic dome".
Gordie Boggs (David Arquette) and Sean Dawkins (Scott Caan) are proud to be hardcore fanatics of WCW.
During the day, they carry raw wastewater.
At night (in particular the? Nitro 'on Monday), they pay tribute to their personal hero and to their Savior - Jimmy King (Oliver Platt), the undisputed chief of the community of professional struggle.
With two tickets for a next Nitro, Gordie and Sean performance are excited about the king defending his first hand title.
But the unscrupulous boxing pivot Titus Sinclair (Joe Pantoliano, sporting long hair and cowboy boots) has other plans.
Sinclair plotted so that Diamond Dallas Page (playing himself) struck the king in the tarpaulin, thus dethroning the worthy wrestler and embarrassing him in front of an auditorium perplexed full of fans.
Gordie and Sean are shocked, riots madly while discussing "It is not even an event in terms of payment !! '
They take them upon them to find the king and provide essential encouragement for their fallen idol to make a return attempt.
Along the way, you can also expect a lot of SH jokes.
You can find something to like in "ready to scold" if a) you are an aficionado rasslin ", or b) you are a devoted fan of the lowest tent comedies.
I welcome humor with low summary with open arms-that is to say if it is fresh and ingenious.
"Rumble" is nothing other than a sloppy and terribly funny marshy land behind bad re -eggs.
The first half hour is the ultimate test of patience.
Fortunately, simple spirit events take steam, in particular with the well -choreographed struggle action.
The director Robbins showed a talent to capture the brutality and the excitement of football in the "university blues", and when he is in the ring, he does professional work.
But violence is too excessive.
Having the false soap opera of the WCW struggle turns into a bloody skirmish brings back unhappy memories of the tragic accident of Owen Hart last year, especially with the dive of a character in a game in cage.
This is not something you want a comedy to recall.
Apart from the action of struggle, the obscene jokes and the childish views bring a new meaning at the term? Dispershot ', while the dialogue fluctuates on the vulgar scale from 1 to 10, with an extensive vocabulary of BrillGoing from "Diddly" to "Boob" and so on.
The final count: I groaned several times, groaned a lot and gave myself up to a fiery belly laughter Ty impressive for 105.
Casting, "ready to scold" is a strange duck.
Oliver Platt as a champion wrestling character?
It may be a bit big, but the other wrestlers recognize him in the ring by calling him "fat", which attenuates the blow, I suppose.
Rose McGowan is entirely disposable as a sensual cheerle of pom-pom girl wcw (`` nirt-est des girls nitro '', proclaims Gordie), but an additional pep is added with appearances by the wrestlers Goldberg, `` Macho Man'Randy Savage and Sting (among others).
WCW fans are sure to appreciate them.
others ...
Well, I won't.
I found merit in the abundant energy of David Arquette as Gordie, which brings me to my finish ....
Ahhh ....
"Praise" for the film: in "Ready to Rumble", I discovered something more boring than the "AT&T" television advertisements.
Now there is a low blow for you.