In other circumstances, I would not discuss the end of a film insofar as I will do it in this special review.
However, in order to fully explain how and why this film is so horrible, a careful dissection of the end is necessary.
Even if I will not reveal the details of the last scenes, proceed at your own risk.
The film opens (badly, I could add) as a psychologist of the child Malcolm Crowe (Bruce Willis, who seems to have been dragged out of his trailer in the early hours to shoot each scene) and hiswoman is intrusive by one of the past patients of Malcolm.
Caché, the suicidal man (a new kid's cameo on the Donnie Wahlberg block) pulls Malcolm then turns the pistol on himself.
Cut in "next fall", while we find the good doctor quietly observing his last case, a young man by the name of Cole (Haley Joel Osment, one of the only children actors for a while, I did not want to clubon the head with a blunt instrument).
After approximately 45 minutes of apparently unrelated monster events, we learn that Cole has "the sixth sense", the gift of being able to communicate with the dead.
And this, as they say, is where healing begins.
The sixth sense and its unexpected popularity are based on an end of torsion that I knew that the film (one of the colleges of Roger Ebert was kind enough to give it on a recent segment of "Siskel and Ebert").
Although I was first rabid that an established film critic could ruin a film for thousands of customers, I quickly realized that this turn of events could actually have been a disguised blessing; I have alwayswas a suction cup for surprise ends (my favorite film is the usual suspects) and I rarely like a film that has one.
Here, since I knew the major torsion of the intrigue that came to the conclusion of the film, perhaps it to be elive to love a bad film because of its end (something I have been the victim in the past)was eliminated.
And indeed, my visualization of the sixth sense proved to be a fairly enlightening experience.
Stripped of the element of surprise, the film was put to the task of showing what he really had, instead of simply hiding behind a shocking conclusion.
After seeing his real colors, I came to the conclusion that the sixth sense is, despite what the many champions of the film can say, empty of any real power.
It is a neat concept, but not the one who justifies being transformed into a feature film.
In fact, the Sixth Sense rests so strongly on its final that the rest of the film develops as a kind of prelude to the supposedly overwhelming revelation which is still to come.
And when the last moments come, it is a huge disappointment; the end has no meaning.
It amazed me with the heights of his ineptus and is completely silly at a fundamental and very rare level.
I will not enter into any detail, but it is enough to say that, as far as I know, it denies the rest of the film to the point that anyone buys it even for a second must suffer from a very sharp caseattention deficit.
Now, in all honesty, I cannot say with certainty that I would have guessed the end (as stupid as it could be) if it had not been revealed to me in advance.
However, I am very confident that I, as well as anyone who had seen some episodes of "Twilight zone", I would have seen it at a mile distance.
The fact that national moviegoers are surprised by the end have always perplexed me.
Ironically, to fully appreciate the best scene (that of Cole and Malcolm which attends the funeral of a little girl), the spectator must be aware of a very rare psychological disorder called Munchausen syndrome by proxy.
I wouldn’t even have known this mental disease if I did not, out of pure stupid chance, caught "Dateline NBC" the other week when they made a story about it.
Despite having been blessed with A truly incredible cinematography and an osment brauva performance (where was this child when casting calls came out for the ghost threat?), In the end, the sixth sense is too loaded with contradictions and is simply not enoughplausible to even a slight recommendation.