"Bintennial Man" is a family film without any external reason with the exception of providing the minimum dose of entertainment.
Chris Columbus, the director who gave you "Mrs. Doubtfire", plays on the sentimental strings and the pasty dialogue to assert his point of view.
Based on the news of Isaac Asimov, it is supposed to be a story of science fiction on a robot that wants to be human, which, as you can imagine, is very difficult.
From a not too distant future, the film focuses on a rich family that buys an Android to help them with home and children.
Soon, this robot, called Andrew (Robin Williams), shows capacities that make its owner Mr. Martin (Sam Neill) very curious.
Andrew is interested in art and music, he "likes" to make clocks, which clearly shows that he has real emotions.
It shows that because of a small failure of "electrical circuits" and "positronic brain" that Andrew accidentally won a soul.
This makes him unique and his bad creators worried.
Then Mr.Martin decides to teach Andrew all that he was not scheduled to do.
Looking soon, Andrew wants to leave the house in search of freedom, fate and love.
This film can be described as a Disney version of Blade Runner, a film that always shines like the biggest gem of the crown of science fiction.
Since this film, the subject of humanity is always a great controversy.
What makes us human?
thoughts?
the emotions ?
Is it possible to become human?
When can we say to a robot "now you are one of us"?
These are very difficult questions that require a serious and thurral approach.
It is obvious that Columbus did not take them very seriously.
When you think about it, this film does not really meditate on the question "when a robot is no longer a machine, but a human being?", But tells a story about racial discrimination and lack of understanding.
Andrew is so complex and emotional from the start that the public immediately accepts it as a human being, and only society has problems with it.
In other words, it is as far from reality as Oscars.
In addition, there are other boring problems.
To date, no serious filmmaker has dared to speculate on the future in more than 50 years.
This has not been done for obvious reasons, because the filmmakers are well aware of the fact that they do not have the knowledge and the imagination to perform such a difficult task.
Columbus is the first to have crossed this line.
The result is, as you can imagine, primitive, unrealistic and incredibly disappointing.
The world is simply frozen in time.
Neither society, fashion, culture nor values have changed more than 200 years.
Mom always works in the kitchen, doing the dishes.
When you think back at the end of the 17th century and compare it to the world in which we live today, you will see a slightly larger difference.
I'm not saying everything should change.
It is unlikely that human rights will change, but it is even more unlikely that there is no progress in science, technology and fashion.
I guess it is possible to look at this as a kind of bizarre fairy tale, but it's really difficult.
Robin Williams is hidden behind C and speaks in a robotic way.
As always, he does a decent job, just like Sam Neill.
But that doesn't really matter.
It is sentimentality and length that transforms this image into a tedious experience.
About "Meet Joe Black" from last year, it is a primitive and unresolved story that is presented with a splendor and professionalism that it does not deserve.
The big players and a talented team worked hard to achieve something that will be instantly forgotten.
When Isaac Asimov wrote this story, the future seemed far and magical.
Everything seemed possible.
is now the future of Asimov's time, and we know that it is not as magical and by Fect as it seemed a long time ago.
For the same reasons as today's young generation cannot be surprised by the "20,000 leagues from Julius Verne under the sea", we cannot accept this story as a potential reality.
Hopefully next year next year.
will be more rewarding.