And just when you thought that Joblo became a little soft in the corners, noting anything more than your standard "this film sucks", comes this cinematographic atrocity and it is forced to remove its secret weapon and spray it toA stench so thick, even the most courageous film buff would think twice before seeing this waste of time.
Yes, despite being a third suite of an original successful film, the last Highlander seems to have nothing.
Oh movie stinky, let me count you ...
Field: (from what I understood), a very bad Highlander guy comes to the present seeking to expel the beautiful Highlander guys in order to win their power and become the most powerful the most powerful ... or
Something in this direction.
Critality: a complete and total waste.
Disjointed, incoherent, boring, cheesy, filled with bad dialogues ... and
These are the first thirty minutes!
This film does not seem to know what to do with itself.
It is confusing for anyone who does not know the series (I include myself in this group) and apparently silly towards those who know the series (I include a fan of Highlander, the arrow of this group).
The film does not explain anything about itself ... it
go from an inexplicable situation to another.
For a moment they are currently, the next moment, they are in Italy in the 1600s.
Why ?
who knows .
what are they talking about ?
no idea .
Flashbacks have mixed with the present, mixed with a few spontaneously cheesy combat sequences from time to time, and I even remember having seen a flashback scene which went even further in its own flashback scene !!
Hullo ...?!?
still confused?
I was and I essentially stopped giving shit on anyone in the film when I realized that neither the writer or the director was interested in presenting me all kinds of semblance of a story.
Random swordplay, mad max type guys appearing in motorcycles in the 1800s?
Or were they in the present at that time?
Who knows ... and to be honest ... WHO
Take care seriously!
This series should have been shot in the head and get out of his own misery a long time ago, but unfortunately, someone from the studio decided that he still had a little life.
Please ... for the love of God and all that is holy in the world of films, and especially out of respect for those who loved the original film, put this series toBed and finish it!
Even Christopher Lambert knew enough to play the second violin with Adrian Paul in this one.
The director also tries to do his best with confused material, but all he could find is a lot of action in Slo-Mo, fast-moving combat scenes and a lot of smoke everywhere.
And is there something spectacular in sword or combat game scenes?
No .
And I think we could all have done it without all these close -ups of Lambert Face ... Yipes,
Man does not age graciously, isn't it?
Oh my boy, and I did not even succeed in the biggest piece of action that I have seen for years.
The man who plays Kell in this film, Bruce Payne, should obtain a ham trophy to literally chew each decor he is approaching.
Surraction is not a hobby for this type ... it is
A source of income!
He is also very funny, not deliberately.
Overall, the film stinks.
Said Nuff.