"Virus" is a monster film without monster.
Any film with an obstacle so great to overcome could be damn good otherwise.
Unfortunately, the "virus" does not deliver at any level.
The film opens with the Russian space station Mir about to transmit something (we never discover what) to a large boat with a lot of satellites on it.
Souddden, a colorful lightning wave flies in space, and ends up destroying MIR and using it to be transmitted to the large aforementioned boat.
Coupées seven days later, we meet Donald Sutherland and his gang of sea vulture.
You see, they spend all their time navigating in search of dead ships in the water to save, then recover the money from the reward.
At least, I think * that that's what they do.
With many other things in the film, their reason for being in the middle of the ocean is not really explained.
So they come across this large boat with a lot of satellites on it and decide to bring it back to Russian waters.
The only problem is that the crew begins to disappear one by one and turn into a borg.
Yes, borg.
Complete with the red laser beam instead of an eye.
Apparently, this extraterrestrial life form can only survive if inside something electricity.
Thus, it creates drilling machines and uses humans for "spare parts".
blah, bla, bla.
I could continue to describe the so-called ridiculous intrigue forever, but I will not.
Just say that the most original thing about this film is that Donald Sutherland plays an Irishman (!).
All the rest of this film was taken from other (best) films.
For example, many machines look like those found in the Japanese film little seen, "Tetsuo -he Iron Man".
And the intrigue is completely out of the "extraterrestrials".
What is funny is that I expected to enjoy this film.
I have a weakness for cheese monster films, like the last years underestimated "Deep Rising".
But the "virus", as I mentioned earlier, does not even have a monster.
He just has a large bunch of circuits and threads and expects the public to fear this ridiculous machine.
 "Virus" is the type of film that really makes you ask you what the screenwriter thought when he wrote it.
Besides the lame "monster", it is full of dialogue that no real person would never say, and situations that no real person would ever allow himself to enter.
For example, there is a scene at the end of the film in which one of the characters really tries to negotiate * with the stranger!
Now, I don't know about you, but if I came across a form of life that considered humanity as a virus to eliminate, I doubt that I try to reason.
This has about as much sense as a baby squirrel calmly asking a fierce predator to save his life.
Finally, the "virus" is not scary.
The least that the filmmakers could have made was to make the film a little frightening.
As it stands, it is about as scary as a box of cookies.
Jump "virus".
If it is a cool monster film you want, rent the "grandfather of this kind)" Aliens ".