Synopsis: Valerie, a high school junior who does not look for a day under 22 and catchy plays to see him in court.
After a jailbreak, the killer sets up large sunglasses, wears a half -spotted jacket and uses his fatal charm to go after Valerie.
Comments: "Alan Smithee" directed the fatal charm, which should have been more appropriate "deadly bore" or "fatal shit".
If you discover that a film you are about to see is made by "Alan Smithee", then you should seriously, seriously, seriously consider looking at something, anything else.
 "Alan Smithee" is a pseudonym that a number of directors have used when they produce something really bad.
Frankly, I would be embarrassed if I had made this turkey, so I think I understand why the director could have chosen the nickname "Alan Smithee" for this film.
Where to start with this painfully poor thriller?
Let's start with the game.
It's pretty bad.
Amanda Peterson plays Valerie and shows at least talents (the rest of the distribution does not do so), even if her performance is not exactly stellar equipment.
She is also badly badly; she seems far too old to have another year of high school to finish.
His scenes with Valerie's mother, played by Mary Frann, are a joke.
The two seem to be some colleagues who came out together, rather than a girl with her mother who simply does not understand.
Christopher Atkins, a beautiful actor who plays the killer, Adam, looks like a clown in the second half of the deadly charm.
Trying to appear malicious and dangerous, it has large sunglasses and a half-bottle jacket.
If Disney decided to make a wacky comedy caper about Unabomber, Atkins would probably be a perfect candidate for the head, but he does not cut it here.
At the start of the film, a number of scenes occur in a courtroom.
Apart from ridiculously poor performances given by actors representing lawyers, people sitting in the benches offer the most silly effort in the drama of the film.
They move and turn constantly and have agreed in the simulated interest in what must be one of the worst perfomances that a large group of people have given at some point.
The script of Fatal Charm, as it is, inspires more yawns than thrills.
The scenario believes a red herring, at the beginning, on a second suspect who may have committed the murders for which Adam (Atkins) is accused.
This suspect, however, turns out to be strangled and drowned halfway through the film: an obvious conspiracy fault.
Even for the idiots who did not consider the title of the film as Valerie and a blonde newspaper commented to what extent the accused seemed innocent and charming, it becomes completely obvious that Adam is dangerous when the other suspect was washing.
Thus, the public must wait (if he has not already stopped looking) while the necessary details are put in place and the killer leaves after the heroine in the stretched final.
The video box of this failure describes the fatal charm as an "erotic thriller".
A thriller is not the case, and it is not particularly erotic either.
I cannot imagine, if someone was in mood for something "erotic", that he would be happy after looking at this plush.
Some erotic moments occur in the film; they take place in a van with little lighting and are filmed (see, they are supposed to be the fantasies of Valerie - as it is creative).
On a personal note, I was disturbed by the ridiculous English literature course shown in this film that Valerie had to suffer.
It is not surprising why she hated high school so much.
As an instructor of English myself, I find it hard to accept the fact that in a course emphasizing the great literature, a teacher would lean to read the bad poetry of a student (wellSure, it's Valérie) on Bo Made it aloud, then embarrassing its author in front of the class with questions about the inspiration of the poem.
I assume that the public school system still establishes questionable standards for its students.
The fatal charm does not charm anyone, unless there is someone who is charmed by boring, lifeless, insipid and without suspense thrillers.
If you happen on this turkey, simply continue to move forward.