I do not know if Silvio Horta wrote Urban Legend before or after the success of Scream, but I suppose after simply because he seems that he may not have had time to write a second project.
Seriously, this idea - a psycho -color people in the style of urban legends - is a big one and I want it to have been withdrawn.
The first sign of problem comes with painfully tasteless dialogue.
An example: "This [car accident] must have been horrible ... for
All the people involved. "
You can say that the writer intended that something a little more airy was supposed to have been said, but no one understood what.
I know that in the Slasher films, it is not supposed to be a lot of great characterization and I do not myself care about cardboard cutouts, but do not let the cutouts be so bland.
One of the reasons why films like Scream, Star Wars and Diva have become so precious is that they present charismatic actors playing interesting characters.
Aside from Jared Leto and Joshua Jackson (who are not on the screen long enough), nobody in urban legendary makes the note.
Alicia Witt does not show any of the acerbity or the mind that she showed on Cybill, Rebecca Gayheart looks unattractive (not to mention as stupid as a post to 3/4 of the film) and RobertEnglund only navigate on Auto Pilot.
Fortunately, Brad Dourif is there, but wait ... he is only in the film for five minutes _ and he simply redo his character of stuttering in good humor of One flew over the nest of cuckoo.
Which brings me to another aspect of urban legend: it is an originality.
The most openly screaming film is Scream (another reason that makes me think that Silvio Horta wrote this after the great success of Craven and Williamson).
Urban legend is trying to deconstruct modern folklore in the same way of screaming Slasher films deconstructed, but it is not quite successful.
It is the best stab wound to the self-reflexivity which makes fun of "this girl in the announcement of Noxzeema" (that is to say Rebecca Gayheart), we also have another killer-taunting routine-Histim-on-phone in the urban and fast legend, although film is this exchange of dialogue of:
Female protagonist: why?
Villain: Why?
Why ?!?
Congratulations to those of you who responded to Scream and Urban Legend.
As I said, this film could have been great.
If only Silvio had worked or had been allowed to work a little longer on the script.
However, at least Urban Legend had fairly cool death scenes and a somewhat made whodunit angle that makes this slasher is better than what you did last summer.