I saw an advanced projection of the film's sniper last night, and I must say that I was not too impressed.
This film talks about an Expert Marine sniper, played by Tom Berenger, who is associated with a new partner of Hot-Shot-Young-In-Experience-Never-Kilkilpanama.
sound shot?
This is just the beginning.
Billy Zane (Memphis Belle) played the recruit and never seemed to master his character.
He was so contrary and at the head of a pig at the beginning, you just wanted to slap him.
Then he goes "crazy" from the pressure, but seems to get out of it immediately.
I do not know if the blame should lie with staging, edition, script writing or game ...
But everything did not meet.
I think Berenger is a very good actor, and he looked good in the game, covered with camouflage, his face painted, tracking down the jungle with his high power rifle ...
But again, his character received a very bad dialogue and did not react too logically to many situations.
There was very little logical development in these characters.
My biggest problem with this film was its tendency to put these two elite shooters as * many situations of death * inches to death.
They started to look like G.I. JOES, the largest American hero.
And of course, their almost supernatural precision with their weapons was called upon to bring them out of many close calls.
Now, many films are escaped from this mold, in fact, this is what made death so fun: the type of superhero.
So, some will appreciate the heroesm of the heroes of the action, but I did not think that it was corresponding to the beautiful tension that was built in the previous scenes and the feeling of the "real life" of secret operations in Panama.
A word must be said on the work of the camera, a large part was very pleasant.
The jungles of Panama (or their stand-in-law in this case) formed a very picturesque background ...
And the drama of speed balls was captured using beautiful photographs.
Many have seen the "bullet-cam" slowed down after the projectile at its target.
It was used well at the start to show the feverish nightmares that Berenger obtains by remembering the moment of killing.
It was dramatic when used in the flashback ... but
It seems that the director loved the technique so much that he began to insert these photos (forgive the pun) in the action in real time ... then
It just seemed silly.
Overall, not a real dog: there is a beautiful action, a good atmosphere and a pretty photograph.
But the intrigue is quite relet, the game has not formed a whole cohesive, and far too much of this heroic.