House on Hautned Hill (1999) with Taye Diggs, Geoffrey Rush, Ali Larter, Famke Janssen, Peter Gallagher, Bridgette Wilson, Max Perlich, Lisa Loeb, James Marsters and Chris Kattan.
Directed by William Malone, written by Dick Beebe,
 "House on Haned Hill" is initialized to the public with a scene involving mental patients similar to attacker zombies and murdering doctors in the most bullfighting possible.
A doctor is killed instantly after completely struck a pencil through his neck.
A nurse has a forced head in a barrel of water.
These zombie crowds presented are like those of the previous horror films B, with growls and cadaveric movements.
Except that this time, at the end of the millennium, the film has the power to show exactly how horrible these creatures can be.
In past horror films, real murder scenes are left out or not, forcing the spectator to assume their own bloody deaths for the unfortunate victims.
 "House on Haunted Hill" does not want their audience to have an imagination, everything is supplied so that they are looking and torillating themselves, not to think.
This absurd violence thrown out of nowhere is unfortunately the most refreshing part of this film.
 "House on Haned Hill", which is based on the 1958 film of the same title, presents a handful of characters as quickly as possible, after the opening blood party.
The film does not intend to provide character development or commendable plot.
The goal here is to scare the public with plans of blood, unexpected and unexpected and unexpected.
However, the film is neither frightening nor unpredictable.
The plot involves five people who dared to spend the night in a haunted house for a million dollars by an amusement park owner (Geoffrey Rush).
Each character is a failure in the outside world and recognizes that they would do anything for this money.
Since the characters are immediately generalized as gourmet or attentive, the expectations of who will survive or not are killed five minutes after having met them.
The problem is that each character is not sympathetic.
The two who get closest to civilization are a skill runner (Taye Diggs - who should make films much better than that with all his talent) and a businesswoman who agrees to be feminized (Ali Larter).
The characters presented are so boring and pathetic, that it is difficult to encourage or shout them.
The worst character in this film, or perhaps in any film released this year, is Watson Pritchett by Chris Kattan.
He spends the whole film whining on the frightening house in such an irritating and inappropriate tone, that he involuntarily begins to seem worse than the house itself.
Waiting for Pritchett to die was an extremely difficult act to go.
The group's most humorous actor is Geoffrey Rush playing Steven Price (a tribute to Victor Price who played in the original).
Playing the rich man who supposedly organized the party, he plays the role perfectly in a twisted way where it is obvious that he does something just by the expressions on his face.
However, Rush is roughly wasted in a confusing secondary plot involving a hateful marriage with Evelyn Price, played by Famke Janssen.
The main problem is that "House on Haned Hill" is not frightening.
To complete this huge disappointment, each actor was wasted and the script was completely ridiculous.
If the boring characters and the hilarious dialogue were intentionally underdeveloped (similar to "Deep Blue Sea"), the objective of creating a scary and suspense action film was completely missed.