Although I do not like the use by the writer of cheap and easy word games, I am not completely above using them when the situation merit (witness of my _pecker_ examStarting from some problems there).
Here is: the juvenile and collegial black comedy _dead_man_on_campus_ died on arrival.
The Strait Medicine Student, Josh (Tom Everett Scott, who manages to remain a little sympathetic throughout the drop in the academic record without imperfection extinguished in FS, thanks to the influence of his roommate in constant participation, Cooper (Mark-Paul Gosselaar), who presents Josh to the nights filled with sex and alcohol that come with university life.
With the threat of losing a university scholarship (Josh) and life cleaning toilets for his looming father (Cooper), what must two slackers with good heart?
Easy - for an escape, which they find in the form of an incredible rule in the school charter which stipulates that if the roommate of a student (or a student) committed suicide, surviving students will receive directly.
So, instead of studying, Josh and Cooper try to seek the most depressed student there, to move him to their dormitory and lead him to suicide before the end of the semester.
Director Alan Cohn and the writers Michael Traeger and Mike White (working from a story by Anthony Abrams and Adam Larson Broder) take their sweet time to build the steam head that comes with the diabolical intrigue of Josh and Cooper.
Until then, the usual boring clichés of university life (alcohol, sex, more alcohol) fill the time, which feels longer by _saved_by_the_bell_ alumnus gosselaar, the previous assault of the sitcom.
That said, once Cohn and Company take a comic momentum, they mistreat him.
The introduction of the maniac psychotic cliff (Lochlyn Munro), a potential roommate for Josh and Cooper, brings a denied life to uninspired procedures before being hastily written in favor of two less interesting candidates: the paranoid buckle Buckley (Randy Pearlstein) andbish Death Rocker Matt (Corey Page).
We want Cliff to reappear, but, as they say, pay attention to what you want.
Unsurprisingly, he resurfaces, and he then becomes clear that it is a character who is better taken in a small dose; almost immediately, his gross buffoonemeries and extensive socioathicals lose his novelty.
The same can be said on all _dead_man_on_campus_.
Whatever the morbid attraction, the far-fetched premise quickly evaporated, and the self-absorbed characters, in particular Cooper, grip almost from the start.
_Dead_man_ does not become boring; it is already _is_ once the intelligent opening titles.
While he slogs towards a conclusion to cheese and happy for all parties, _dead_man_ is up to his title, then some - not only the film becomes even more tired and dies, he always insists to continue ...
like a zombie.