The obvious reason to produce an extremely popular film is to acquire continuous profits.
The justification is solid, but in many cases and in recent years, the rest is a poor quality product which is exposed for the cash vehicle that it is really.
Speed 2 and Scream 2 from last year, as well as species II of this year, all the products that have been decisive less than satisfactory.
In some cases, a sequel can even discredit its predecessor, as with the last Neo-Slasher film, I always know what you did last summer.
Whatever the uniqueness that the original could have now seems banal and overvalued when associated with this abominable thriller.
Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt) and Ray Bronson (Freddie Prinze Jr.) are back from the original to Star in I Snow Know, taking up their roles in a typical way.
Julie and Ray experience a rather predictable fall at the start of the film, leaving the door wide open to the newcomer Will Benson (Matthew Settle).
Will and Julie struck, and with Karla (Brandy Norwood) and Tyrell (Mekhi Phifer) friends, the quartet is heading for radio-grenier holidays under the tropics.
Unfortunately, things are not so folded once they have arrived, and with regularity, you could put your watch, the famous fisherman (Muse Watson) is back with his hook.
This is another bloody confrontation, with a cliffhanger ending.
There is not much original, I always know, and with the market saturated by ge-x thrillers like this, it is unlikely that I still know that I recognize all recognition than that ofA bad suite.
For unconditional fans of the genre, it will be necessary to view the equipment, but the main thing is that the equipment here is just recycled from the original, I know what you did last summer.
The aura of thrillerism surrounding the plot is not increased by skilful scripts or a camera work, but rather a stretched partition and based on ropes and a manipulative assembly.
The man with the hook ends up becoming very depreciated this time when the script gives him too many lines of dialogue - he goes from a frightening figure to a breakage in a few short and painful moments.
A large part of the mystery is abandoned to obtain the point.
The reason why the intrigue exists - Julie and Karla must guess the capital of Brazil in order to win the trip from the radio station - is a dead gift, reducing the suspense and creating a pressed and expected timing problem.
And, while the identity of the killer may have been a question in the first film is almost obvious here, which radically changes the dynamics of the film.
Three or four teenagers automatically come from a man in a rain of rain that they call nonchalantly "the killer".
They are almost used to it, and the performances show it - not Hewitt, Nor Prinze, Brandy, nor phifer give a decent spectacle.
And so, in the end, it is widely open for a third film and - most likely - a brand new support cast.
may God help us .