Perhaps the best memory of the recently deceased news presenter from Saturday Night Live who has always started the segment with "... It is the false news," norm macdonald, sometimes, could cause laughter by fallingsemi-offensive phrases in its rapyvoix rattle, covered with a condescending attitude.
His shtick was marked by rudeness.
In this film, for example, when her girlfriend says that she blew him up because he was dismissed from 14 different jobs in the last 3 months, he tries to calm the situation by saying: "MaybeBe that you will feel better after we Ayonssex dirty.
This kind of humor can only go so far, but certainly cannot go away in a complete feature.
 "Dirty Work" is nothing more than a sophomotor comedy on two best friends who only grow physically.
Emotionally, they have never exceeded their pubescent years, which is a bit explored in a funny way in a beginner flashback.
Although having no apparent real skill, the only thing these two have always been followers is to return to people.
If the counter woman was not unfair by giving you a ticket, then throw a bunch of corn kernels no.
Mitch (Norm Macdonald) and Sam (Artie Lange) must find $ 50,000 in two weeks for Sam's father (Jack Warden) to have a heart operation.
Their idea is to start a revenge company for hiring where they will do your dirty job.
In the funniest scene (and perhaps the only funny scene) in the film, they take advantage of a live TV shooting in a used car field nearby.
Their presence is established, but when a real estate developer less than honorable hires them, then renounces payment, the two will work to demand their sordid revenge mark.
By default, the dirty job should treat us with a few scandalous plots of revenge, but it offers tapered boys' level equipment.
With the exception of the bit of the batch of used car (and perhaps another episode which involves Frat Brothers), the dirty work is not inspired and becomes as funny as a stuffing phone call.
Already weak on the equipment, it stimulates more towards the video store by constantly asking Jack Warden that he has dissatisfied libido and needs "large" and also includes a very funny chevy hunt as a clumsy doctor with aDependence on the game.
But what is really painfully obvious is that Norm Macdonald has no versatility as an actor.
Rely on his mark of denunciation of his personal recorder and to say "note to oneself" ("note to oneself: learn to fight," he said after being beaten; "Note to oneself: there is alwaysbeer, "he said after hitting the low Rocken;
Just like the television show, for 90 minutes, we get one or two funny bits.
The rest of the story is only dead space.