You must always be careful with the first official version of Studio de la Porte every year.
These are obviously films for which the studios have no hope (after having missed the deadline for the eligibility for the Oscars and the big holiday season at the box office).
Combine this with Howie Long's action role, and you have a Doozy from a film which, although not as bad as it could have been, is not a very good film.
Howie embodies like a smoked ace (a firefighter who makes parachutes in the forest draws inaccessible from the ground).
In the slightly artificial opening scenes, we witness his heroism in action, like him and his mentor (played by Scott Glenn) try to save a little girl and her dog from a forest fire coming in the opposite direction.
William Forsythe plays the villain, a mass murderer who has several million dollars nestled to help finance his jailbreak.
He (and five condemned cohorts) manages to be selected for fire fighting rights when a wood fire is nearby.
His escape plan bets a lot on the laxity of the guards, but (as there must be a film) luck is with him.
Soon, the now escalated convictions emerge as Canadian firefighters.
Why Canadian?
Who knows, huh?
Along the way, they collect a pretty pride (Suzy Friends) to be their hostage.
Enter Howie Long.
He is called to help fight the fire, and when he spots the group of "Pounders Ground", apparently lost, he gets involved to help.
When he discovers their true identity, he is the only thing that stands between them and escapes, and the only hope for helping hostage.
Long actor talents are above those of Steven Seagal, but not much.
Although its delivery is mainly flat and in wood, it is a sympathetic hero, and there are clues here and there that he could improve.
The script does not help him, however.
Too often, he turns into the kingdom of involuntarily funny.
The dialogue is strictly B-Film equipment, and the conspiracy rests too much on coincidences to be credible.
Long co-stars are a mixed bag.
At least, they are all comfortable in their respective roles.
Forsythe has the villain at the mud of the Down Cold landscape, Down Cold and Scott Glenn is always pleasant to look at, even when he does not seem to stretch his talents (as is certainly the case here).
Suzy Friends plays enough at risk, but is not much more to do.
Some of the photos of nature and forest fires are interesting, but many are rather bland.
You would think that the director, Dean Semler, a former director of photography, would produce at least one film with interesting visuals.
This is not the case .
There is a lack of originality to almost all the sequences ... we have
Before this thing before.
This is not the most favorable start to 1998, but it could have been worse (reflecting on the beginnings of 1996, Bio-Dome).
However, after a month of Oscar caliber images, a film like Firetorm gives you at least one perspective on the quality of these films.
In fact, there is a good chance that some of them will always play near you ...