When a pair of films from the same director was released just three weeks apart, this could mean one of the two things: that the recently overworked individual is due for a well -deserved rest, or that one or theAnother of these films was seated in a studiosecurity for a while and timing is only a coincidence.
The latter is the case with John McTiernan and "The Treth Warrior", which finally strikes theaters per year and counting after its original opening Spring '98 - and fasting on the heels of the remake "The Thomas Crown Affair" by McTiernan,A film that has gotten good.
You don't have to believe in superstitions to bet that "thirteenth" will not be as lucky.
would have put aside the skirmishes between McTiernan and the producer Michael Crichton, whose novel "Eaters of the Dead" provides the source of "Warrior" (and its initial title), this disorderly mixture of closing drama of culture and brutal warfeels empty and sloping - release "Braveheart" without any passion.
But the effusion of blood certainly remains: there is enough carnage exposed here to satisfy those who seek purely visceral sensations, but please note that the certainly spicy battle sequences containing all this death and dismemberment alternate with interminable speaking passagestheir dull.
These clashes around the 10th century imply a traveling strip of cannibal creatures capable of beheaded adversaries with bare hands and a dozen Nordic soldiers to prevent them from terrorizing the Viking countryside.
Goods are noisy, raw, often unintelligible and - to judge by their very sick hygiene habits - fairly smelly to start, which makes them perfect for the Arab Arab Ambassador (Antonio Banderas) which marks completely reluctantly.
They are also so difficult to distinguish that this has little importance when some of them meet violent pits.
You are going to grimacle, you will moan, you will be mistaken: "Have we not seen this guy killed twice before?"
Banderas is confused in the middle of chaos, participating mainly from a distance as savages to Dark Maul Facepaint and draped in the last fashion race with animal skin.
He is not the hero - his moving eyes and his lean construction does not announce exactly a champion of the proportions of Shwarzenegger - and "the thirteenth warrior" does not wisely pretend that he is, allowing his co -starsforeigners and physically imposing to put yourself in the spotlight, things become rough.
Leave the interaction of characters without swords and shields, however, and there is still a fight - so that the public follows or even cares about history.
This is not the end until the public attended a half -cooked romance, a troubled political intrigue, the veteran actor Omar Sharif ("Funny Girl") in a role of cameo and a"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" Chase through the underground lag of the bad guys.
All this clip receives an astonishing visual treatment graceful of the director of photography Peter Menzies Jr., but the collaboration between "Die Hard" -Helmer McTiernan and "Jurrasic Park" -créator Crichton should have given more than sumptuous sites, a graphic actionand involuntarily revealing moments.
Heard during the final scene of "The Treth Warrior": a groaning dog.
to what extent.