Miramax has "disintegrated" online media of Scream 3 press projections.
They lasted ostensibly that people like me write criticisms filled with spoiler and publish them before the reasoning of the February 4 release date.
You see: "Net criticisms established enough to be part of any kind of VIP list are professionals-miramax surely knows the difference between an online member of film criticism (OFC) and the type of fanboy who publishesspy reports to Ain 't it cool News.
No, the? Mini Major 'was afraid of leaving a bigger cat out of the bag than of Whodunit, which Scream 3 is a lamentable conclusion with a beloved franchise (by this writer, at least).
Something smells Rotten in the state of California from the start: Cotton Weary (Liev Schrieber), the former lover and potential killer of Maureen Prescott, Sidney's mother, juggles phone calls in her luxury car.
 (Formerly considered a danger to society, Warisy now organizes its own talk show, "100% cotton", an intelligent, so dated fate to American pop culture.)
Of course, a new ghostface composes it, and, with Memories of Scream of insufficient prologue of Scream in mind, we wonder immediately, where is the killer?
The rear seat?
The next car?
Ecligpending perspectives, of course, but in fact, Ghostface is at the tired residence, while waiting for the Girlfriend of Cotton (Kelly Rutheford) to finish the shower.
What is missing from this sequence, and indeed, the remaining screams of screenings 3 (the most disappointing, the moment when an ingenuous is forced to hide in a wardrobe room filled with Ghostface costumes, one could takelife), is an elaborate and attenuated payment.
Our other surviving regulars have become distant.
Sidney (Campbell) lives a paranoid existence of electronic doors and locks protected by password, while Dewey (Arquette) acts as a technical advisor on the second suite of the film by Scream 2-Within-A-Movie, "Stab3 "and Gale Weathers (Cox Arquette) draws the joystick from the news.
The murder reunites them, while Ghostface eating knives tracks down the set of "Stab 3", imitating his sadistic scenario and his own personal draft culminated with the death of Sidney.
The attraction of the wickedness of Ghostface is that he / she could be your boyfriend, your classmate, your neighbor next door ... or a combination of people.
Scream was the first of its kind: a slasher mystery, with the assumption game not only that implies who will be the next one, but also who is / are the authors (s) and what is / are its motive.
Aside from the ironic self-reflection, the parts one and two are distinguished in a crowd which includes a Mi during the films of Friday 13 and Halloween because there are last human beings articulated behind the emblematic costume.
With Scream 3, the novelty of the always mutant identity of Ghostface has exhausted, but the character remains conceptually powerful.
Conceptually. The execution of the Ghostface master plan this time is creaky, because the screenwriter Ehren Kruger invented a new mythology for the world of Sidney Prescott far from what we were going to understand in Scream and Scream 2.'Shadowing habit of saying "All bets are turned off!"
In reference to the "rules" of the third act of a trilogy, but there is a difference between the rupture and the cheating of the rules.
With the departure of Kevin Williamson, who is the author of the previous cries as well as an overview stored for Scream 3 (that, for incomprehensible reasons for me, was ignored, except the notion of "Stab 3"), Kruger had tobe rolled up in louder, and by Wes Craven.
The management of Craven by Scream 3 is lazy in many ways.
How to explain the Camée Jay and Silent Bob differently (the Slacker duo of Kevin Smith films), similar to see Mickey Mouse appear in Mulan and more distracting than funny.
It hurts me to write this, but the comedy of Scream 3 is generally without laughing, with the exception of well -timed performances of Josh Pais (a S A police detective had the same personality as he had as a professor of persnidation in the music of Craven's heart), Jamie Kennedy (by resuscitating the film Geek Randy for the Sendoff, he was refused in Scream 2),and Parker Posey (by the strength of the will of willing a B-actress).
The visuals are much lower in the third part, because the occasional scanning gesture of Peter Deming's camera is a pale imitation of Stalking Steadicam harassment that Craven gave us twice before.
 (Aside: Following Columbine, Craven has reduced violence significantly for Scream 3-Pourquoi la Sancy, when Scream and Scream 2 are still available on the shelves of video stores?)
Finally, Marco Beltrami's music indicates the suspense too obviously, you remember the tense prosecution at the college radio station in Scream 2? It is especially silent.
The bite notes are much more effective if they come out of nowhere; here, they act like the crescendos of a score of constantly nervous nerves.
I look at Scream 3 as coming from an alternative universe, the same place that gave birth to part III of Godfather and Superman III, very synchronized with his prequelles, Scream 3 is a nightmare instead of nightmare and I will probably put the genreHorreurdans the number balls.
The film involuntarily follows the tacit rule of a trilogy to a t:? The third part must disappoint ”.