This is the latest postponement film with its almost intact regular distribution and it is the swan of Hattie Jacques and Sid James.
Dick Turpin (Sid James) and his gang which includes Harriett / Harry (Barbara Windsor) and Tom "Doc" Scholl (Peter Butterworth), terrorize the campaign by staging highway flights: "Stand and deliver yourself! "
Due to the increased occurrence of Turpin flights, Captain Desmond Fancey from Bow Street Runners (Kenneth Williams) and his sergeant-acolyte Jock Strapp (Jack Douglas) visit Turpin's area of influence to court it.
They are under the express orders of Sir Roger Daley (Bernard Bresslaw).
Their intellect does not count much and when they become more and more suspicious of the Reverend Flash alias Dick Turpin (Sid James), to whom they entrusted earlier, they still cannot believe that the rector shares in these flights.
However, once they caught Harriett and put him in prison, and Sir Roger Daley takes care of a full number, it seems that there is no hope for Dick Turpin.
Again, Sir Roger attributed to the Dimwits Fancey and Jock Strapp as well as the old tapening tapestable (Kenneth Connor) to keep an eye on their prisoner!
There is no doubt that it is a film "Sid James".
He excels in double roles (as in "Carry on - Do not lose his head") and his performance as flash and Turpin is hilarious.
Barbara Windsor is also funny because Harriett the Sex Mad Housemaid and a member of the gang, and the small but effective role of Hattie Jacques as a cleaning lady of the rector Martha Hoggett are played out perfection.
Jack Douglas plays a softer version of his character on the screen atrociously boring and Kenneth Williams receives a rather banal game.
Peter Butterworth is not allowed to shine in his boring performance while Tom, and the character of Bernard Bresslaw only appears in the film.
The only notable performance of the support distribution comes from Joan Sims as Madame Desiree, who travels across the country by escorting her starlets the `` birds of paradise '' and sporting a false French accent.
When her daughters and they are stolen by Turpin, she is determined to catch her and helps the Reverend to find the culprit!
Continuing through the figures, this film is only remarkable for the great performance of Sid James in his latest film.
The jokes are more blue, the script is poorer (this is the last script written by Talbot Rothwell), but music is a marked improvement.
Although almost all regulars appear, they just seem to go through movements.
None of the high spirits of previous films are obvious here.
Just a selection of raw jokes and repetitive doubles-entrepreneurs.