The first image of "Final Fantasy: The Spirits Inside" is a close -up by computer of a human eye.
It is a beautiful work, remarkably detailed and quite convincing.
However, when the image decreases to reveal the owner of the eye, things change.
The young woman has fascinating hair, although she is too clever? Even according to the standards of the film? To believe.
The characteristics of the face are more detailed than any computer animation observed to date, but the result recalls more a very well designed doll than all that is human.
She is pretty, but bland, and not expressive enough to go out like a person.
All the characters of "Final Fantasy" are like that.
Among the central group, young white men and women are all athletic, attractive and indistinct, such as candidates for a reality show.
The black man is larger and more bleated, and the aging scientist is bald, with wrinkles and a beard.
None of them seems based on individuals; they all look like the products of general descriptions given a police sketch artist.
It gets worse when they speak and move.
Why does the sarcastic voice of Steve Buscemi, him of the big twisted face and Snaggleteeth, coming out of the mouth of a dough Ken doll?
Why, for each fluid physical gesture, do we also see Herky-Jerky puppet style movements?
More specifically, who decided a full computer -animated film featuring "hyperreal" (their term, not mine) was a good idea?
 "Final Fantasy" is based on a phenomenally popular video game that I have never played, with a story straight out of the Japanese anime, which most often leaves me bored and depressed.
If you are a fan of one or the other, please save me your letters, because I will focus only on the finished film and not its source equipment.
With a casting owned by the expression, "Final Fantasy" mixes turgid action scenes with lots of mystical shit.
The result is ugly, confusing and boring.
Note: the following reveals the basic route.
If you want to have a chance to fight to give meaning to the film, I suggest you read it.
The earth is at war with extraterrestrials who seem to feed on human souls.
Most of our planet is devastated, humans living in some protected cities.
While most of the survivors focus on military strategies, Aki Ross (expressed by Ming-Na) and his mentor, Dr.Sid (Donald Sutherland), believe in a more organic approach.
They operate on the concept (directly citing the press kit) "that all life forms have spiritual signature waves which can be identified and contained.
Aki and Dr.Sid collects a series of organic specimens whose combined spiritual signatures will form a wave of equal intensity and opposed to the spiritual wave of extraterrestrial force.
The waves will be canceled and will disarm the foreign contagion.
They collected six of the eight key spirits necessary to finish their wave.
They are desperately looking to find the two remaining minds before their time exhausted. "
Are you still with me?
There is only a little more.
Aki is infected with extraterrestrial force.
Dr.Sid has developed a method to confine contagion and prevent it from killing it, but the defense wall will not last much longer.
Already, the foreigner communicates with Aki through his dreams.
Help Aki and Dr.Sid are deep eyes, a group of hard types like the Nails who would have felt at home with the troops in "Aliens".
Capt.Gray Edwards (Alec Baldwin) directs the working group that consists of a wise guy (Buscemi), a hard woman (Peri Gilpin) and a gentle giant (twenty rhames).
Throwing a monkey key in the plans is the stupid ass required: in this case, the general eh (James Woods), who wants to use the Canon Zeus to bomb the extraterrestrials at the Stone Age, even if it also destroys theEarth.
So there you have it.
Like most of the anime I have seen, the plot combines apocalyptic parameters, many S of shooting and of blurred spirituality, all wrapped in a safeguard arc.
But I bored with apocalyptic parameters.
I understand why so many live films use them? They are cheap? But animated films can show anything, so why wallow in a bunch of industrial waste?
Action scenes and E-ups shots do not satisfy either.
Humans move strangely and their facial features are so dispersed that the talented voice casting cannot give them life (in fact, their efforts simply emphasize what we are missing).
Aki is particularly disappointing; with her lack of expression and her flat delivery, she looks like a Brunet version of Wena, the Eloi girl of "The Time Machine" from the 1960s.
Dull colors and extraterrestrials that seem to have been created in Jell-O molds SAP The Pézazz from large sets.
Computer animation students can be fascinated by technology behind "Final Fantasy: The Spirits Inside", but I found it under the word at all levels.
 "Futurama" makes more effective battle visuals, the children of "South Park" are much more expressive than these models and any old episode of the contemporary version of "The Exter Limits" makes better science fiction and gloom.
So who needs that?
not me .