Austin Powers' new film continues a film tradition started in the 80s.
Produce something, anything, who will get high school and high school children at the theater because they buy more soda and popcorn than seniors.
The usual characteristics of this film tradition are all there.
Coarse humor, sexual jokes, silly gags, more sexual jokes.
And the film is a strong competitor in the current race to be rude, rude and more scandalous than this last film.
What the film is not, however, is funny.
The plot focuses on the return of Dr. Evil, which goes back to the time to fly the Mojo of Austin Powers (a liquid with red stuff extracted from the Austin basin) which gives Austin its sexual prowess and charisma to overcomehis enemies.
Austin must continue him and return to the 60s who swing where free love and sexy secret agents had their peak.
I almost avoided this film because I didn't like the original.
But the premise of films sounded like an excellent comic book vehicle and the film received many good criticisms.
I would have liked to be stuck to my first impression.
Myers tries to be the Jerry Lewis of this generation.
And he has the talent to do so, at least as an actor.
But the material with which he works here, largely, is below everything that looks like a comic genius.
This film is trying to wear the day with vision gags on the consumption of distilled excrement, a crack of large cammott buttocks at five hundred and a dam of sexual jokes aimed at the level of the average of 15 years.
After some of these scenes, you have to ask yourself how the next generation of films will have to draw the attention of an audience.
The management also helps the film to make a new low point in cinematographic humor.
For the most part, I felt like I was watching a live action television program from Chalderns on Saturday morning.
There is no feeling of comic synchronization or subtlety.
The director gives us the material, giving us nothing other than the hope that anyone with a camera could be a director.
I am sure that the film will have a call for several crowds under 22, at least to who have not yet discovered literacy.
Admittedly, the film is directed towards the generation which prefers everything that is described as "on your face, kicking you in your teeth, do not take prisoners (action-verb + black blah). '
If you see the film and find that you don't laugh, there is nothing wrong with you.
This just means that you have grown up since the seventh year.