"Something is shady in the state of universal."
About ten years ago, with the unexpected success of Mad Max and Road Warrior, the post-apocalypse nitty-gitty survival sons became popular in the cinema.
We have always had films of this nature; on the beach, the end of the world, Damnation Alley, The Ultimate Warrior, etc.
To date, the most well -made were simple "haircuts" of the classic Western intrigue, like the lonely shooter who comes to town and protects the widow and the son from an evil organization, generally a in possession of aCritical resource, such as water, food range or mining affirmation.
Most of them were born from sons of venerable but solid heroes like the Virginian and Shane.
 (My favorite is a film by Patrick Swayze called Steel Dawn, which was quite well done with a small budget.)
Now we have waterworld, which again brings the traditional alone shooter in town to save the young widow and his daughter.
 (Well, she is not a widow, and the child is not her daughter, but you have the idea.)
The lady is Helen, played by the magnificent Jean Tripplehorn, who is not lucky to be magnificent, even interesting, by the mediocre and without imagination script.
The child Enola, played by Tina Majorino, is living proof that an actor child does not need to be a bad thing to have in a film; she surpasses her equipment throughout.
In Simple, the scene is the earth, in hundreds of years.
The polar caps melted and produced enough water to flood the whole planet.
The few remaining people live in floating boats and colonies and survive by business, theft or hacking.
In one way or another, an oil tanker has survived the centuries, and its inhabitants, called "smokers", are capable of maintaining petrol engines in the course of petrol despite the lack of spare parts and raw materials, so that the bad guys have outboard motors and rapid evolution boats, planes, plane and jet skis.
Enola, found at sea as a young girl, has a mysterious card that no one can read tattooed on her back.
We suspect very early on that it is the path to the mythical "dry zone", the place where trees, cultures and animals develop, and what intrigue there is who has Enola.
The sovereign psycho of smokers, the "deacon", tries to do it and find his way to the dry area.
Played with the typical auto-lampoon, the histrionics of the rotation of Dennis Hopper carpet, "Deacon" is the only thing in the film which is close to the fun.
Its performance is * almost * laughable, but just not enough to be funny.
The star (and a co -producer) is Kevin Costner.
He plays a Lone Denizen of the Sea without name, a man called the "Mariner", who turns out to be a broken mutant and breathing with water with webbed feet.
Very few is done with that.
The script ignores the ineffectiveness of the gills in the sufficient supply of oxygen to support a human metabolism; he ignores the fact that even with the two completely melted ice caps, a large part of the surface of the earth would always be abovewater; and it ignores the blatant impossibility of cultures and technology shown.
 (Canned meat does not last * lasts centuries; the ammunition does not pull * after more than a few decades; and so on, and so on ...)
I really like the previous work of Tina Majorno, very impressed by the past achievements of Jean Tripplehorn, and always speechless on Costner's dances with wolves.
But this film could destroy the career of any associated person!
This film cost a hundred and eighty-two million dollars, and there is * nothing * that we have not seen before, we have done better on only a few percent of the cost of this Turkey.
At 125 minutes of equipment, this film cost more than four million dollars per minute to do.
The budget of this film * could have given us more than thirty films; he could have paid six years of a SF television series during prime time with expensive FX work, or ten years of a SF TV Series with a good digital FX.
In short, this film is under contempt.
It is nothing new to offer, it has a script that could easily have been improved by people who write comics for DC, and has spent more money than the national budget of a small nation.
If you * must * go see it, see it on a morning of four dollars.
Otherwise, you will find yourself each time you pass a reflective surface, for weeks.