Edward Burns approaches his third photo without looking back, and like his two previous ones, it is an image of the working class.
However, unlike his previous work, the film lingers on a more personal story and with a female protagonist.
And by not looking back, he stumbles, making a slow and boring film without the spark that animated his previous work.
Claudia (Lauren Holly) is a small waitress in the city who feels suffocated by her life.
She is at a turning point in her life and has the impression that she is not going.
His boyfriend, Michael (Jon Bon Javi), is mowed and in dead end.
If she had to marry her, she would never have the chance to escape this city.
Enter Charlie (Edward Burns), the former flame of Claudia.
He jumped the city several years ago, without any explanation ... even
For Claudia.
He returned to town to see her, and suddenly she is torn.
If she stays with stable Michael and does not escape her hometown ... or
If she ignores her instincts and again falls in love with Charlie.
Part of the answer lies in the character of his mother (Blythe Danner), who fell for the bad man ... and spent his life submitting to the father of Claudia to return.
Now it seems that Claudia is about to make the same mistakes.
Only ninety minutes, no way is short enough for its genre.
Unfortunately, it seems much longer.
The story is simple and inspired, and there is a lack of energy to the whole procedure, which makes the drama whole rather tedious.
Edward Burns makes a mistake by embarking on the crucial role as an old selfish flame.
There is no one to restrict his ego, who reigns without control.
He enters the room and Lauren Holly Swoons ... Yeah,
RIGHT .
Lauren Holly does what she can with her central character.
But we never understand why his character makes such bad decisions ... and
We never really care.
Good Jovi is the only friendly character in the whole film.
His acting talents are much more important than they seem, but it is given a mainly bland and ineffective role with which to work.
There is not much to recommend without looking back.
It's not that the film is bad ... it's
Simply boring.
There is no zest in any aspect of the film, and no reason to spend ninety minutes watching it.