“It seems to me that I stuck.
to myself ."
With Jason Biggs, Seann William Scott, Chris Klein, Thomas Ian Nichols, Allyson Hannigan, Shannon Elizabeth, Natasha Lyonne, Tara Reid, Mena Suvari, Eugene Levy, Jennifer Coolidge.
Directed by J. Nérogers.
to classify.
American Pie 2 brings together the actors of American Pie in a different setting; instead of being high school seniors who seek to score before their diploma, they now exceed their first year of college and have gathered in a beach house forTake advantage of the summer of their lives.
Jim (Jason Biggs) is always an insecurity geek who seeks to improve his performance, Oz (Chris Klein) is always the sweetest guy in the block, having disgusting saccharin telephone conversations with his girlfriend abroad, STIFLER (Seann William Scott) is still an excited stoner, Kevin (Thomas Ian Nichols) still has no personality and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) always sucks to Stifler's mom.
Did I miss someone?
So, obviously, little has changed.
This is not a problem, provided that the film has the rapid hilarity and the unexpected feeling of the original.
But American Pie 2 is the very definition of "sequette".
It's rude, yes, and he pushes the limits even more, but his heart is not in it.
It is easy to capitalize on the success of the first film, but it would have been a more worthy investment to extend the franchise by offering something original.
Part of the reason why the film does not work, I think, is that, in the original, the quest for sex of children was a springboard for adulthood as much as a point of sale for their excitement.
Here, everything has been assessed.
They behave like these silly lancers who kill themselves by drinking; they have no motivation, except for sex, sex, beer and sex.
This does not mean that you cannot make a decent comedy from this premise, but it is one of the annations of American Pie 2.
It also lacks the sweetness that has permeated the American pie, the quality of this way of yourself of the main actors.
Here, the characters are too aware of themselves as pop-culture icons, and they are even more to a note.
Stifler and Finch are now caricatures while Jim, Oz and Kevin are forced to make clumsy stocochers at arbitrary moments, none of them betrayed what the writers think that the public wants to see.
And then there is the scene which will soon be innovative where Jim Superglue "himself for himself", which perfectly demonstrates another mas of the film, which also impregnated to say that this is not the case, theDirector J.Néles Beginnings of Rodgers.
There is a fine line between comedy and abject humiliation, and American Pie 2 is on the wrong side.
It is difficult to laugh at the characters when you are deeply embarrassed for them.
I protected my eyes looking at that more than I watched a horror film.
If there is a repurchase factor for American Pie 2, it is the inimitable Eugene Levy as the father of Jim, who appears on Jim while he is about to mark and requires lines like "yourMother and I are known to become dashing ...
No more, but ... "
And then when the parents of the girl enter, push them "it must be your daughter!
I did not have his name, but I hope my son did. "
If only the rest of the film had the spirit and the wisdom of Levy's performance.
This is an unworthy sequel to a Fest Gross which brought back the hot comedy for adolescents.
The box office of this ONW should keep the kind strong, which is disappointing.
The genre needs a break; filmmakers become lazy.