Everyone in this film thinks of Alicia.
No, it is not a documentary on those of us after seeing the video "Cryin '".
It is one of these erotic thrillers, but not like the one with Shannon Whirry or Shannon Tweed.
First of all, there is no sex, almost no nudity, and it is not as well traced as one of these tweed films.
Well anyway.
the parcel .""
Alicia plays, well, the baby-sitter, who takes care of certain children one night during the parents (J. T.
Walsh and Lee Garlington) go to a party.
The film, trying to be as one of these introspective erotic thrillers, shows the thoughts of all the characters, with the exception of Alicia.
The thing is that Alicia in most of them in most cases, and thoughts are not too kosher.
First of all, there is his boyfriend (Jeremy London, who gave one of the ugly performances of all time in "Mallrats", and is only a notch here), who is an idiotic childWho hangs out with a kind of intimidation, played by Nickykatt of "suburbia" (which shows that he again has this silent gooseb in).
They decide that they want to crush his baby-sitting work, looking for typical harassment babysitting.
something like that.
The film are interrupted between the subtotters (Alicia Babysitting, Nicky and Jeremy, the party) and the thoughts of each character.
We can see the dreams of Jeremy and Nicky to make a little three-three with Alicia, J.T.
By thinking of going home to find Alicia naked in the bathtub (she covered everything, the little teasing), and, worse than, Lee Garlington dreaming of this song, George Segal.
It even shows them in bed together.
Yeah .
I wanted to see George and Lee Garlington in bed so much, although I suppose that I am used to George after seeing him, she and Mary Tyler Moore, to be mistaken in "flirt with Disaster".
The end is a kind of large tragedy, but come on.
As we care about one of the characters.
The only interesting is Alicia, mainly because she is Alicia, and we see it especially in fantasies.
So I guess it is a kind of mystery or something like that.
But it is never explored more.
So, basically, this film is only a series of Masastabières images, sometimes with a non -nude Alicia (once again, unfortunately), sometimes with a little George Segal (once again, again, unfortunately).
I looked at this on one of these free showtime or cinemax overnight overnight, and let me tell you that it's the only way to watch this film.
I mean, there is a reason why they put these kinds of films late at night: they are as good as sleeping pills.
And this is a big waste of fat time, even for an Alicia film.