No twelve months for one or the other of the directors of this film.
Earlier this year, Nora Ephron wrote and produces one of the least sympathetic "comedies" the least friendly of the year, entitled Halling Up, with a group of boring women (ironically, Lisa Kudrow also played one in thisFilm) which barely has time to worry about anyone who is a lot.
Ick ... real
Nice thing.
But his unsuccessful little project was nothing compared to what John Travolta lived earlier this summer, with a film entitled Battlefield Earth.
I seemed to be the only person on this planet who somehow appreciated the film, even if it was on a factor of "cheese", like everyone else, and I mean everyone, ranked almost the filmas one of the worst disasters of all time.
Yipes ... another
beauty .
So, what happens when you put these two people in the same room and release with a film with the Kudrow Lisa, still visible?
Uhhhm, you guessed it ... not
a lot .
Land: In order to escape major financial difficulties, a local meteorologist connects with his girlfriend Lotto de Picuillette de Balle and climbs to the state lottery.
But as more and more people discover their program, more and more people demand part of their earnings, and more and more problems arise.
Critality: He simply said that I did not laugh once during this whole image.
For a comedy, he offered me some smiles, a heap of nincompops as characters, a John Travolta shelter and Lisa Kudrow, in what can only describe as a "more slutty" version of his characterof Phoebe on the "friends" of television ".
This film was not as disastrous as I thought, but it was quite close.
Fortunately, Travolta's clips were released from wacky outfits, dancing while the meteorologist was left in the film's trailer, and not in this final cup.
And a bit like the worst film of the year so far, beautiful, this film has also managed to present many antipathic, silly and simply irritating characters in its distribution.
The most important thing was the character of Travolta, who refused to give us a reason to take care of him once in the whole film.
And for me, John Travolta's casting choice for this role was simply false.
It did not correspond to the room.
I just saw him in Get Shorty the other day and I thought how perfect it was for this role.
A fresh and calculating roughneck with a certain hip, suave "I don't know what".
In this film, he seems to try to be funny, to try to be bad, to try to be good.
We are not supposed to be able to notice it, and when we do it, at least in my case, I consider that it is a bad choice in the casting.
Add this to Lisa Kudrow, we get bored with another of her patented "stupid" routines, but this time, dressed in sexier outfits.
Michael Rapaport, stretching a little actor muscle to play the guy who is not quite at the same level of speed as everyone.
And a truck of empty comic ball shells, and you have an extremely calm audience anticipating punch lines that never materialize completely.
The only good good thing I can say about this film is that its story was actually half interesting and never really bored me.
I also liked the character of the perverted cousin of Michael Moore, and I loved it, and I repeat, I loved the character that Bill Pullman played.
Give this guy his own film!
He played a lazy cop, a man who tries everything so as not to do real work.
He simulates the injuries to withdraw from his duties, tries to avoid arrest situations so that he does not have to fill in forms ... now
There is a humor base.
Unfortunately, the filmmakers decided to put him into play with only about half an hour in the film.
And there is not much other than I can say about this film, friends.
Overall, it was lame, included a multitude of unlikely characters who played in a basin of funny lines, and very little interest in all target audiences.
But ask someone to write a movie With this lazy cop played by Pullman and I'm there!