If I were one of those arrogant criticisms who think that his criticism has a great impact on the success or failure of certain films, I could say that I review films that do not seem particularly good because IMake a service to my readers say warning to see him.
If it was true, I could put a banner at the top of my site that reads as follows: "Shay Casey: See bad movies so that you don't have to do it."
But I know it's superimposed to see the movies you want, no matter what I say.
So I must tell the truth: from time to time, I get an unpleasant masochistic desire to see a bad film.
You know the feeling, when you are tired of seeing all these fucking contenders at the prices of the academy and you want to see something, you can have a merciless ball.
Sometimes I think that's why someone will see the movies of Paully Shore, never.
Admit it: sometimes you like to see bad movies.
Me too .
So I saw "supernova".
To tell the truth, "supernova" was not as bad as I thought.
Maybe I felt sorry for the actors, or maybe I thought it could have been decent if the studio had not started to tinker with the director's final cup (Walter Hill), which made himwant to delete your name.
Maybe I'm becoming a sweet.
In any case, I did not find "supernova" as bad as the advanced buzz would make me believe.
But it's always bad.
The film takes place aboard the "Nightingale" medical space ship.
The crew includes Captain A.J
Marley (Robert Forster), his new second officer Nick Vanzant (James Spader), Chief doctor Kaela Evers (Angela Bassett), the medical technicians Yerzy Penalosa (Lou Diamond Phillips) and Danika Lund (Robin Tunney), and the computer technicianBenj Sotomejor (Wilson Cruz).
There are some attempts to "characterize", but all that means is that Nick has a ladle past involving a drug addiction, which puts Kaela on the edge, Yerzy and Danika have a relationship that forces them to make themselvesshortcutisminates, and Benj (apparently gay) is in love with the computer (apparently feminine).
No longer expect explanations, because you will not get it.
Be that as it may, the crew receives a distress call from a location deep in the space to which a failed mining operation had been sent.
During the dimension jump (I think that is what's called, but does not stick to me), the captain is killed and the man who sent the distress signal (Peter Facinelli) is on board.
His name is Troy Larson, making him the supposed son of a man with whom Kaela had a relationship.
Then a lot of really predictable things are starting to happen.
Have you seen "Alien?"
Have you seen "Event Horizon" (a full-fledged film)?
GOOD .
Then you saw "Supernova".
Post-production cuts or not, there is nothing original in this scenario, and nothing unpredictable either.
After all, no one will think for a second that Troy will not prove to be a villain.
But the biggest problem with "Supernova" is that he cannot stick to the simple plot she has offered.
Many rewrites (the script can be credited with three people, but it is a gross underestimation) have piled up this 90-minute lean film with tons of foreign intrigue threads that remain underdeveloped.
Was there something about a robot in the shape of a fighter pilot?
Did the ship's computer learn something about humanity?
What was this shiny lava lamp Troy Troy brought on board with him?
And what does the title of the film mean, if applicable?
As far as I know, it refers to a very small detail of the plot which is not developed, just like the rest of these unnecessary history elements.
Character relationships in this film also have very little sense.
For any reason, each person in this film continues to make love.
We get an unusually early sex scene between Phillips and Tunney in the first 10 minutes.
Bassett and Spader characters Start hating yourself.
Fifteen minutes and a bottle of Brandy de Pear later, they engage in a Pankky in a bracelet.
When Troy The Creepy Stranger presents himself on the ship, of course, the two female crew members will fall in love with him.
Each displacement of the interaction of the characters occurs extremely suddenly, which is only one of the many obvious indications on the reduction of this film.
The most important example, however, can be the fact that when the film begins, there are no opening credits!
In addition, the end of the film seems to have taken what was originally intended to be the credits of opening and sprained them just before the real end credits.
This may be why the title of the film is mentioned twice during the end credits, just between James Spader and Robert Forster.
Just after overcoming the shock of not having said which film you see (lest you decide to get out of this discovery), you may notice that the film seems to have dropped you in the middle of a scene, with itOr not introduction to one of the characters or situations.
The rest of the film has the impression of having jumped the middle of character changes (you know, where they explain things) and went from point to to point B.POINT A: Danika is completely in love with Yerzy and is readyto have your baby.
Point B: TUNNEY TROY NOW TROY and YERZY is unusually obsessed with the lava lamp thing.
has no sense.
As I did not understand anything about the motivations of these characters, I care about it when Troy starts suddenly to murder them one by one (and he does it, eliminating three in 10 minutes)?
Not a Whit.
It's a shame, because this cast contains many talented actors looking for something to do.
They don't find it.
Bassett and Spader say all the lines of the same monotonous voice with the same virgin expressions on their faces.
Sexual tension?
More like constipation.
Maybe they are just embarrassed to have howlers that "this thing was done by someone more powerful than God and much less nice".
Not that we never discover who it is, be careful.
The highest point of their relationship (which takes place in a transport pod) is probably the largest front front in the film.
As Troy, Peter Facinelli lives in the most obvious villain in history that no one ever suspected.
It is terribly a note, but it is not as if he had more notes with which to work.
The rest of the distribution makes it even less.
Tunney stands in the cute, then frightened.
Phillips covered.
Cruz flirts with the computer.
Then they all die and a star explodes or something, but I really didn't preach much attention at that time.
 "Supernova" is quite horrible, but I cut it a little simply because I expected less than what I got.
that's it .
If you expect it to be good (for all the reasons you may have), you will probably hate it more than me.
Even the special effects are not very impressive, nothing that you would not have seen before, and it is enough to say that the script will not save the film.
Honestly, however, what do you expect from a film with about a dozen writers and a director who had his name deleted and replaced by a pseudonym?
This usually results in a bad film, and that's what "Supernova" is.