It's funny how your expectations can be defeated, and no common sense.
The ghost and the darkness promised (at least, it seemed to me to promise) a hemingway confrontation between men and nature.
What he delivered was the level of level 3000 Mystery Science Theater - an inadvertent hilarious story that made me scream advice on the characters.
 "Get new jobs!"
Was a line, if I remember correctly.
At the end of the 19th century, Col.Patterson (Val Kilmer, whose Irish accent came and comes like an African Zephyr) is an engineer who was hired to build a British rail bridge through the Tsavo river in Uganda.
He has extremely stereotypical problems: the natives are agitated, his boss is an idiot, and now two lions eaten of men track down the labor camp and kill people.
Patterson tries to manage the situation itself, incompetently, then turns to Charles Remington (Michael Douglas), a Rennu world hunter (or something like that).
The film stacks the game so strongly in favor of the Lions, they should have obtained superior invoicing and co-vere with Siegfried and Roy.
They are almost invulnerable, as a comic said, and it is of course just the excuse that the film must have a native after having made the solution to recite lines on the power of nature.
leave me alone .
The film has not even started to start using such ideas; it is just a question of trying to find practical ways to calm us down.
Even lion hunts themselves are silly.
Get this: the great plan of Remington is to build a large structure similar to a scaffolding in the middle of the savannah, to sit on it and to wait for the lion to appear.
He does it, then is overturned by a bird.
At the end of the film, the blood vessels of my palm were all broken from me which hammering my forehead with my hand.
The game is forgettable.
Douglas does a good job to represent a relatively cracked man, but it is nothing that he has never done before.
Kilmer seems to wish to be someone else, elsewhere, and the others disappear in cinematography.
By the way, the camera sometimes behaves so stupidly that most lion's attacks are incoherent.
What was I expecting from this film?
I don't know .
A real excitement, I suppose.
A feeling that there were formidable forces on both sides of this equation.
No chance.
I dug my bullshit copy of "The Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber" from Hemingway and I read that to remove the taste of this film.