There was probably a good reason that the Warner Bros.studio chose not to allow criticism to see this film by Steven Seagal when it opened.
And, after seeing this piece of toxic waste, I now know why.
This film is by far the worst offering that has struck the screen since maybe these films Ernest years ago.
The lower center shot its history on a small mining town in the country of God, somewhere in eastern Kentucky.
His beauty and natural goodness are slowly destroyed by an insensitive mining magnate (Kris Kristopherson, who constantly seems to kill his agent for having obtained this role).
It turns out that he fills the mines throughout Kentucky with toxic waste for a tidy profit.
Seagal plays Jack Taggert, a combat machine in Aikido-Versed, who is an EPA agent.
No ... not the CIA neither the FBI nor the NSA.
It is the Environmental Protection Agency.
I did not know that EPA agents were trained to be killer!
Taggert is sent to find the authors and translate them into justice.
Written by someone named Jeb, I could already imagine the stereotypes of incestuous relations, banjo selection preachers and stupid ploucs.
But the script puts Seagal on the right Dab in the middle of all these scenarios while he tries to integrate discreetly.
Seagal's idea of a disguise is a long -standing leather jacket of $ 1000.
But to get closer to kinfolk, he will repair people for free.
This is another great asset of EPA - Educational agents how to repair porches.
Slow and leding, this project is a total mess.
The sometimes attractiveness of watching Seagal watches him go beyond enemies that are more numerous than the least in the seige.
Here, his bravado is essentially transformed into intimidation.
Citadins who are stupid enough to challenge Seagal are quickly moderate.
The combat scenes are fast and insane and offers no pleasure value.
And its soap box message stops thin in the first 15 minutes.
The most boring moment occurs when it bursts in the middle of a Sunday church ceremony, takes behind the pulpit and begs the city dwellers to take control of their lives and help clean the environment.
But the quintessence of the way this film occurs moralistically mosquito when the person responsible for the toxic spill, Kristopherson, meets Seagal.
Kristopherson asks Seagal to what extent he will need for him to go.
Seagal replies Galancing: "I will leave when you take the poison of the streams and the earth."
I expected that patriotic music start to explode and a fireworks display in the background.
It is really nothing more than a pompous window for the justice of Seagal and narcissistic arrogance.
Seagal was Vanguard trying to bring a new genre to the film, that of environmental (on deadly ground).
However, the message will never encounter poorly developed vehicles like this.
However, I believe in preserving the mother land, so save your $ 5 and make a donation instead of a worthy work of charitable concerned with the environment.