Sylvester Stallone made shit films during his lifetime, but it must be one of the worst.
A completely dull story that thinks that it can use various explosions to make it interesting, "The Specialist" is about as exciting as an episode of "Dragnet" and as well played.
Even some mood attempts in the film Noir are destroyed by a Sappy script, stupid and unlikely characters, and simply nothing.
Who knew that a great explosion could be so boring and anti-climatic?
Unless you saw "breathtaking" ...
 "The Specliast" of the title is none other than the star of the action Sylvester Stallone (in the return # 19, I think), who plays a calm and hermit bomber who was once a bomb expert of the army or someSomething, but who has undergone a lovers when he and his assistant (James Woods, who shows us exactly what one is on the other hand, apart from another bad rail film) accidentally killed innocent during a job.
His credo kills bad people, not innocent.
And that's why he makes big bombs.
So, in any case, in his life surprises the attractive Sharon Stone, who is essentially the girlfriend / moll of the stupid son (Eric Roberts) of a Cuban / Miami worker ankle (Rod Steiger, in an indecipherable accent, which is sometimesCuban, sometimes brando, sometimes Scottish, etc.).
It turns out that Sharon actually uses his boyfriend so that she could kill him, because he killed his parents when she was young.
So she calls Sly, leaves messages with him, sends him an email, etc., to plant a bomb to kill Roberts, who listens obsessively, and while he trains naked.
Yeah .
Also in his life, but again, Woods comes, who was overthrown by Stone to catch Sly.
Using the cops, he tries to configure traps, no one who really works, so when Sly calls her, he does ballitic on his ass by phone, working by saying his speeches to improvit that he seems to be bursting. The vein in his wide open head.
These are the most exciting scenes in the film, and Woods becomes the only ounce of entertainment in the film.
The film tries to offer us a black movie in bad mood, except with explosions, but is completely present in the snake eyes.
It's just a black black film, making it a big waste of time.
And for action enthusiasts, the action scenes are quite relentless, with really unrealistic special effects (a penthouse that takes place from a hotel looks like a piece of cardboard falling in a bathtub).
Then there is the very discussed sex scene between Sly and Stone, which are about as badly supported as Rachel and Ross on "Friends".
Their sex scene is more nauseating than sexy, because it shows us more sly than Stone.
Now guess who we would prefer to see naked, okay?
Stone is small breasts but quarrels, which we have seen more times that the cock of Harvey Keitel, or the venous ass of Stallone, which is generally not shown for a very good reason?
I know I can't really judge him as a defect in the film, but go.
The worst defect of the film is as follows: it's boring.
I mean, I was on caffeine while looking at him, but my friend fell asleep to be woken up by James Woods unleashed.
But a good film does not make James Woods.
If you are in a fun action, "Demolition Man" rent from Rent Sly, which is also zero, but in a much more entertaining way.
Jump this dull movie, unless you want to see wood, or make fun of Steiger's accent, or again reviewed Stone's breasts.