There is no reason to doubt that Donnie Brasco is based, as her opening credits proclaim, on a true story.
But if it is a precise image of life in the average American streets, that the cinematographic representations of organized crime have had a much stronger basis than I would have thought before.
Because from the start of the film, when a group of hoods will exchange different opinions on the merits of various cars (a bit like a certain number of films of films which recently gave a song from Madonna a narrow reading) considered as worksof fiction.
Our eponymous hero (Johnny Depp) is not the cheap crooking he seems to be.
Brasco is Joseph Pistone, an FBI infiltration agent who has the task of relaxing the left-hander (Al Pacino), a experienced hood that tut the pistone in the art of being a "sage-priest".
Unfortunately, Pistone learns his lessons too well.
Her concern for Lefty, who is overwhelmed by an addicted son to heroin, exacerbates his own family problems: her children want her long absences and his wife, fear that her husband's gangster personality will become a little too convincing.
Admittedly, the emphasis on Pistone's family life deviates from the typical gangster formula, but this secondary intrigue never increases above its television origins.
The unhappy couple exchange of predictable lines and engage in extracted domestic quarrels? Including a badly wise marriage routine? This slows the film unnecessarily.
The biggest problem with Donnie Brasco, however, is that her wise attitude and style lack flair of her many predecessors.
The clumsy use of an occasional disco melody temporarily reminds us that it is the 70s, but not with the coherent and blindly sticky style? I loved these fluorine color costumes? Casino of the drama of scorce costumes.
More importantly, the presence of Pacino triggers memories of its previous film triumphs in which a similar territory has been covered much more effectively.
Donnie Brasco's point of view on American values, for example, is weak and obvious.
Lefty gives off dream improvement dreams to support inspiring network music.
Inexplicably, the Gush inspired by Horatio Algiers de Lefty is supposed to move.
It is not more than his family problems, which are treated in the same saccharin and obvious as that of pistone.
Just think of a minute about how these themes were explored in the films and Scarface by Godfather.
In these images, the dedication of Pacino to a particular and bloody hyper-space has been twisted and confronted, while its obstinate application of the Macho-Sageguy procedure meant that its relations with friends and family were intrigued dark?One nor the other were spared bloody remuneration to break the Wiseguy regulations.
Donnie Brasco's little Tawdry crime is therefore not so much his repetition of familiar gangster themes, but the shameless way in which she disinfects them.
 (Oh and by the way, I forgot to mention that the script also has an intrash intrigue: the superiors of Pipstone are obstructive incompetent who are furious by its constant insubordination? Is it a "damn you McBain!"
I hear Springfield Way?)
The film is therefore cliché.
Grand DECE, what do you expect from a gangster-flick?
Well, you expect quality action sequences and abundance bravado performance if it will be a decent example of its kind.
Donnie Brasco fails on the two counts.
The action scenes never rise above ordinary performance and Depp's terrible tends to stifle the good work of his comrades.
Admittedly, Pacino is nothing new and Michael Madsen (Sonny) simply smiles through the image as a slightly moderate MR.Blanc, but the two have an undoubtedly induced charm.
Depp generally presents a little class himself, but unfortunately, being in the presence of one of his property must have left him starry, because he is completely determined to imitate p Amino's well -deserved high style.
The consequences are painful to look at.
It is not an exaggeration to say that the credibility of the film is seriously tense by the sight of the strange capacity of the pistone family to keep a right face in front of the false Brooklyn accent of their bra.
Perhaps we should have mercy on the manufacturers of Donnie Brasco.
Perhaps a scrupulous membership in precision precision has required a dialogue and scenarios on several levels which weakly recall classic gangster films.
If this is indeed the case, the manufacturers of Donnie Brasco could surely have explored the fascinating possibility that the American hells have committed to emulating, although strongly attenuated, their homonyms of films.
Depp could have pointed out a simple cop which becomes a hideous parody once it is forced to imitate the big gangster on the big screen.
Who knows what information on the criminal psyche could have appeared?
But then again, maybe Donnie Brasco is not so true after all.