There is a tidal raz of 1,000 feet at the end of a deep impact.
I would say that this quite precisely represents the imposing flood of the last two years of disaster films, which obtain more Irwin Allen-Esque at each version.
The first wave of this renewal, as also cheeky and laughable, at least knew how to include thrills every five to ten minutes.
Deep Impact tries to disguise itself as a human drama, with an endless filling made up of disaster prevention plans that the country continues.
The repetitive cycle is as follows - the president (Morgan Freeman) will go to television and tell the country that there is a chance that a comet will strike the earth, but that the scientists and astronauts of the nation have aBrilliant plan to stop the problem.
Then we see the plane in action, in a sequence that is completely lacking in suspense.
The mission will barely fail, and Freeman will tell the country that the comet always heads to earth, and there is a remote chance that she strikes, but that the scientists and astronauts of the nation have a brilliant plan to stop theissue.
It continues again and again throughout the film, but each time Freeman goes on television, we know that his plan will fail.
How do we know?
Because we have seen television advertisements for Deep Impact, advertisements that present Freeman telling the Nation that "the comet always heads for us" and show photos of the comet by hitting the land and the giant propagation of RAZtidal.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's the film.
Successful disaster films have a main disaster towards the start and more small disasters that follow, but Deep Impact saves his only disaster for the end and reveals everything in his 30 -second television spots.
Television is what is wrong with a deep impact.
The main character, played by Tea Leoni, is a low -level broadcasting journalist for MSNBC (and it is the simple point of the product placement iceberg) who stumbles on a huge government conspiracy.
She thinks that it is an example of a former secretary of something or others (James Cromwell) resigning because of a mistress, and that he may have been falling for the president in the same region.
When she noses around Cromwell, he begs her to keep it under the Wraps.
 "I know you're just a journalist, but you were a human being."
She discovers what is really going on after being struck by some FBI men and does internet research, where all good journalists learn the difference between a mistress and a comet in terms of extinction.
During a top secret meeting with President Freeman, Leoni agrees to keep history under the Wraps until the president could hold a press conference, during which she manages to ask the first question.
And everyone knows that if you have the first question, baby, you're a star.
Leoni is found in the anchor chair, diffusing each stage of the comet's collision trajectory with the earth.
And I'm sure it's comforting for her to know that, even if the world ends in a few months, she is a cable press personality.
So she is there, telling the mission to six astronauts to explode the comet.
Personalities such as Robert Duvall, Jon Favreau and Blair Underwood take their pay checks and go through the movements of this dragged process.
But as all those who have seen advertisements know, astronauts fail.
They end up dividing the comet into two pieces, which means even more destruction for the earth.
Yeah, thank you, NASA.
It is at this point that Freeman has to come on television for the last time and say goodbye to all the people who are not chosen to live on the Missouri cave website for two years.
They even have animals, two in two, ready to get into the cave.
If the emphasis was put on people living inside these caves after destroying it from the world, a deep impact could have been a much more interesting film.
Instead, we look like a Wood Elijah LOVESTRUCK challenges his young woman, while people pack the highways from the city .
The reasoning is, of course, that if a comet will strike, it could just as easily be in a picturesque rural place.
And, in a fun way, the highway is spotted with people in U-Haul trucks.
I am sure that it is comforting to know that, even if the world ends in a few minutes, the people of the U-Haul do the most things about their lives.