Director Doug Ellin Kissing A Fool, released earlier this year, is a comedy well entitled on two plastic couples housed in an artificial story.
Like a sitcom with jokes so lamely that it would be impossible to superimpose a piece of laughter on it, the film winds by insulting the intelligence of viewers in almost all settings.
The script of James Frey and the director is filled with vaporized actors who read the lines devoid of meaning that you have heard before.
 ("I do not wear underwear", the bimbo tells the famous SportsCaster, Max, in what it supposes will be a safe layoff line.)
Max, the largest playboy in Chicago, decides to get married after a swirling love story with Sam, short for Samantha.
Max and Sam have two irritating personalities, and they have little chemistry for each other or for the public.
Max is played without any style of David Schwimmer.
Schwimmer, whose acting talent plays characters devoid of personality, makes an unlikely lover.
His Costar, Mili Avital as Sam, is cut off from the same fabric, so that they can be considered as a paired pair.
After all, people of the same intelligence are naturally attracted to each other, ditto for similar looks, so why shouldn't personality take attracted?
The incredible intrigue has Max to ask his best friend, Jay (Jason Lee), to hit Sam as a test.
Jay is supposed to try to make her sleep with him, but stop the real act.
Max, being promiscuity by nature, fears that his future wife has the same need to sleep as him.
The idea of flirting with the beautiful Sam makes JAY so sick that he becomes unable to eat or work.
Neither the script nor the actors make this test credible.
 "The 64,000 question is: how do you know that you are with the bad person in order to avoid wreaking havoc on the main parts of your life?"
Jay asks in one of the unsuccessful attempts to add a little seriousness to the film.
Finally, there is the attempted physical comedy of the film.
Jay’s ex-girlfriend, Natasha (Vanessa Angel), becomes Jay again once she thinks he’s going out with someone else.
Natasha tears Jay's shirt after pushing her on the sofa.
As she throws her hair on her naked chest, she asks that he pulls her.
Is it supposed to be funny?
Most films have a saving grace.
Part of little was particularly well done where a scene managed to be funny even if the rest of the image was not.
Kissing a fool, on the other hand, has nothing to recommend.
Kiss an idiot of races 1: 45.
It is assessed R for blasphemies and sexuality and would be acceptable for most teenagers.