In times of crisis, people are pushed to desperate measures.
Of course, what constitutes a crisis differs from person to person.
Which can be a disastrous situation for one can be considered a challenge for another.
As Deepak Chopra is known to say: "It's not the journey, it's the rider."
Unfortunately, a clear thought is not always the reaction to the problems.
The Wall Street Wheeler dealer, Steven Taylor (Michael Douglas) is a man suffering from problems.
He sank his money into illegal financial activities and is exploded on her face.
In a few days, he will lose all of this.
His wife Emily (Gwyneth Paltrow) is a UN interpreter very placed and is not satisfied with her life either.
Her marriage is cold and unsatisfactory.
Unbeknownst to her, her new lover David Shaw (Viggo Mortensen) is not only a painter, but an ex-pump with a story of women rich in their money.
Emily is a main target: it is worth more than $ 100 million.
Steven's solution to his situation is to offer David half a million to kill his wife.
The artist accepts and the film is underway.
Inspired by Frederick Knott's play and freely based on the Murder of Hitchcock, it's too typical of summer outings.
Any style and no substance.
And there is really not much style.
Director Andrew Davis (the accomplished witness and the other best forgotten films) made exactly the bad choices at almost every turn.
Douglas and Paltrow both showed us that they are skillful actors in previous films.
Mortensen turned out to be promising in the past.
Here, all three walk without interest through their roles with strangely targeted faces.
The only person who shows a sense of life is David Sucht as a detective from New York Mohamed Karaman.
It is only on the screen long enough to make you think that there could be a nice person in the film, then he disappears.
The first concern of a suspense film is to create suspense.
The surprises are important.
In this film, the public is waiting for something to happen.
And nothing ever does.
Almost all events are telegraphied in advance.
Close -up on this object or this action and it is easy to guess what will happen.
While the film approaches its inevitable conclusion, you continue to expect a twist of the plot for the film to be worth it.
It's a hopeless quest.
History does not make much sense.
Steven's wife is loaded.
Even with hostile relationships, one might think that he could have told her about his difficulty rather than deciding to kill her.
When he decides the terrible plan, he makes an unreasonable choice.
If you were going to hire someone to kill your wife, would your first choice be her lover?
No matter how lalywas he is, I think there could be a chance that he refuses the opportunity.
Why would Steven plan murder as a break -in in their apartment?
Why not just get her out when she was heading for David's attic in a bad neighborhood?
While deciding among the many summer films, you could do well to jump it.
You will find more suspense than this film offers by watching The Weather Channel.