Insane is an excellent example of what can happen when you try to push a concept to a joke a little too far.
Director Penelope Spheeris is no stranger to this, having already submitted the public to torture such as Beverly's Hillbones.
Marlon Wayans plays Darryl Witherspoon, a senior university in the running for a lucrative job in a leading brokerage house.
However, he does not have the advantages of his main opposition, Scott Thorpe (David Spade, in the Smarmy role that he can offer in his sleep): a sports record, sponsorship by a fraternity and, above all, a rich familyLift.
In fact, Darryl must work on four jobs simply to reach both ends.
But there can be a light at the end of this tunnel.
It is part of a human guinea pig in a neurological experience led by Dr of the University.WHEEDON (BRAD DOURIF).
As a result, his senses are tenfold.
Using his new capacities, he is preparing in complete work research (ignoring that there can be disadvantageous side effects to get super meaning).
Naturally, Marlon Wayans plays this comedy at full speed, giving Jim Carrey-ish the quantities of physical humor.
The problem is that, apart from a few truly inspired songs, there is not much that is funny here.
The film has a central gag, and goes up the rest of its length with a fairly obvious low humor.
There was obviously not much reflection in the plot.
The entire process of selecting jobs is completely ridiculous.
I mean, why the emphasis on extracurricular activities if all the work will be summed up in a single elimination quiz?
And is this the only work offered to the majors in economics this semester?
To give him credit, Senseless tries to create a secondary joke with the roommate of Darryl, Tim Laflour (Matthew Lillard).
Apparently, he is supposed to be Faddish, but the film never does anything with him, leaving him in a piercing phase throughout the film.
His "intervention" scenes with Darryl, however, provide a rare and welcome laugh.
And then there is a romantic interest which is always pathetically nailed to comedies like this.
In this case, the object of Darryl Amor is Janice (Tamara Taylor), a student colleague who will have nothing to do with Darryl until he wins his super seals.
Needless to say, the romance is completely foreign and adds little to the film.
This is a film that desperately needed something else.
Whether it's a good plot, more jokes (or just funniest), or one or two strong characters, everything would have helped to take off.
As it stands, the whole exuberant maniac assault in the world cannot help Marlon Wayans to remove it.