Submarine science fiction remains submerged
Sphere A Film Review of Michael Redman Copyright 1998 by Michael Redman
One of the most unpleasant experiences that can occur in a movie theater is when a casting of fine actors is found in a film that waste their talents.
You continue to think about what they could have accomplished with the time they wasted.
Psychologist Norman Goodman (Dustin Hoffman) is called in the middle of the Pacific Ocean to work with the survivors of a plane crash.
When he arrives on the site, he discovers that there is no plane, but rather a huge spacecraft that has been sitting at 1,000 feet below the surface for almost 300 years.
After writing an article for Bush administration on how to manage the first contact, he is chosen to lead the team of scientists investigating the ship.
His group as described in his report, consists of Beth Halperin (Sharon Stone), a biochemist; Harry Adams (Samuel L. Jackson), mathematician; and Ted Fielding (Liev Schreiber), an astrophysicist.
Unfortunately, it turns out that writing was a blowing project for Goodman who did it for money and appointed his team's colleagues.
 "After all," he explains, "who reads government documents?"
Directed by Harold Barnes (Peter Coyote), a high-end federal agent, the group descends to an underwater mobile seat installed next to the extraterrestrial ship.
Once there, they walk, hit the door and explore the still operational UFO.
Discover the surprising origin of the ship and the crew finds a gigantic sphere in golden liquid metal.
When Adams enters the sphere, the strangeness takes place.
A storm dates back to the surface and the team is forced to stay below, just as an invisible presence begins to communicate via their computer.
 "My name is Jerry.
I'm happy "flashes through the screen.
It's disturbing for the psychologist.
 "What's going on if Jerry gets angry?" He asks.
Barnes is more pragmatic: he needs a surname because he cannot put his connection to have contacted an extraterrestrial named Jerry.
Then the situation becomes bad.
Mortal beasts appear from nowhere.
A gang of jellyfish kills one of the staff of the navy.
Mortal sea snakes attack Goodman.
A giant calmar beats the habitat just like Adams lits "20,000 leagues under the sea".
Suspicious scientists turn against each other.
This has all the shows of a first-rate science fiction film fiction.
However, even the best ingredients do not go very far in the hands of a chef who does not seem to worry about his product.
The director Barry Levinson produced a Méli-Mosh who does not engage the public beyond a few skilled suspense scenes.
The first in the film passes as a situation and the players are introduced without any characterization or justification.
It looks very much like the speed of reading a novel and to realize that you have missed the nuances.
This does not improve when the action scenes begin.
While the actors do adequate work with their limited roles, people are always flat.
Curiously, they barely have reactions when deaths occur around them.
After Adams experienced the interior of the sphere, no one cares about asking him what happened.
Their story together is an intriguing intrigue but is barely exploited.
Even the poorly designed affair of Goodman and Halperin when she was her student has just been mentioned in the past.
His psychotic trends are mentioned but never convincing.
There is a truism that the elements displayed at the start of a film should be used before the end, but here they are far too obvious.
When a mini-sous-sous is explained, you know what will happen.
The assignments of the film are nothing more than distracting.
The chapter titles that divide the film have no function.
The trembling camera works already perplexed chaos.
Much of what's going on is confusing and difficult to follow.
Although part of the disorientation In the end, it's understandable, many of that is not.
Even a science fiction film must be coherent internally.
There is too much here who does not make sense.
Are the demonstrations real?
The jellyfish kill Queen Latifa (in a jet role) and the Calmar almost destroys the outpost, but the bites of fatal snakes have no effect.
A scene from the submarine suggests that it is the illusion, but the previous episodes indicate that this is not the case.
Everything should not be explained to death, but there are major questions that the film never answers.
Where the ship came from is clarified, but the way she found herself on the bottom of the ocean in 1709 is simply mentioned.
Even the enigmatic sphere is always mysterious when credits roll.
The highest point is followed by 15 minutes of epilogue which does not do much but weakens the already laborious history.
After the pre-liberated hearing tests, the actors were recalled to redo the end.
It is difficult to imagine how the original could have been worse.
Following the recent tradition of long films, this weighs more than two very long hours.
The weak scenes could have been cut, but he would not have had a lot.
The film would have been resisted by the work of effects, but there is nothing special on the screen.
We never even see the monstrous calmar or the threatening storm.
Flying with "Alien", "The Abyss" and the disastrous "Event Horizon", this film learned nothing of them.
Remarkably Levinson and the other film currently showing "Wag the Dog", intelligent and entertaining work.
This could have been titled the same without a word.