Better still remembers his discreet performance as Dr.hannibal Lecter in the judicial thriller of Michael Mann, Manhunter, the actor of Scottish character Brian Cox brings something special to each film on which he works.
Generally playing a little role in a Schlock studio (he dies halfway through the long kiss of good night), he sometimes gave something fleshy and substantial to do.
If you want to see a brilliant game, consult his work as an obstinate police inspector in front of Frances McDormand in the hidden agenda of Ken Loach.
Cox plays the role of Big John Harrigan in the new independent film Indie L.I .E., which Lot 47 picked up at Sundance when other distributors were afraid of moving.
Big John feels love that dares not speak his name, but he expresses it by looking for adolescents and bringing them back to his pad.
What disturbed certain public members is the presentation of Big John in a strangely empathetic light.
He is an old man of temperature, funny and robust who really listens to the problems of children (as opposed to their parents and friends, both taken in the act of High-Fil of their own confused life.)
He will have sex for pay with them only after a developed nuptial parade, the charming of the adult world.
L.JE .E.SIGNIFIE LONG ISLAND EXPRESTWAY, which contrasts through shopping centers and houses in the middle class of the suburbs.
The filmmaker Michael Cuesta uses it as a dangerous escape metaphor (fairly transparent) for his 15 -year -old protagonist, Howie (Paul Franklin Dano).
In her voiceover, Howie reveals a morbid concern of death on the road, citing the L.I .e.
Highway death of filmmaker Alan J.Pakula, singer-songwriter Harry Chapin and his own mother at the exit 52.
He is both fascinated and disturbed by the L.I .e., And these feelings are projected on Big John (who follows Howie in his bright red car, but never does to force the boy to do something heDon't want to do.
This makes it much more complex than the attackers of usual children seen in the films - it is a beast, but shame.)
L.JE .E. would be better worked as a half-hour short film on Howie's poorly wise foray into Big John's Haven.
There is unnecessary padding with the miserable dad of Howie (Bruce Altman) on the hot seat for a crime in white collar, young degenerate who shoot their kicks to steal the houses of the middle class and homo mangans with aTerrio Gary Sage-Assured (Billy Kay), a beautiful clever dodger.
Rather than adding to the themes of the Bénui suburbs (not that we needed another film on this subject), these intrigue of clumsy Indicates surmounted the operating time at an adequate functionality length.
At the same time, the relationship between Howie and Big John is uniformly punctuated and exceptionally well acted.
Cox, sporting a baseball cap and a faded sea tattoo, is all bluffing and brass.
Dano is calm and at first glance seems so removed that it is transparent.
We are so used to children actors whose dramatic choices are wide and obvious (calling Haley Joel!), It is surprising to see the one who really listens to a given scene.
The restraint is admirable.
But I.I .E.The scenario does not always give them the best material.
When Howie Lit Big John a Walt Whitman Poem, the moment seems a little too precious.
Director Michael Cuesta lingers on an ecstatic stroke of Big John, who could also hear Glenn Gould perform Goldberg Bach variations.
it's too much .
There are also obvious dramatic artifices involving another Big John (Walter Masterson) toy, jealous on the beginner.
This layout leads predictably to violence.
Not happy to be an obstacle and compulsory portrait of the alienation of adolescents in a royally fucked up world (like the superb ghost world of Terry Zwigoff), Cuesta does not have confidence in its own work to end on an ambivalent note.
It is typical of movie without imagination to wrap Things with a bullet, saving writers to have to really offer a complex philosophical note.
In this regard, L.I .e.
 (and countless other independent films) share something in common with successful action films: the problems are solved when the obstacle is deleted.
How often works real life this way?
To extend the question: if a film strives from realism, do dramatic artifices destroy the illusion?