Paul Verhoeven, the Dutch author who dragged his violent and sexually aggressive aesthetic in the American film, was never what I would consider as a thoughtful director (although some of his films, especially the soldiers of Starship, wereHailed like artistic achievements), but the kind of Hollywood filmmaker who has succeeded, whatever the budget, make his films distinctive and even sometimes smuggling stimulating themes in high sumptuous concepts on which he works.
Starship Troopers was essentially a B-Monster film remake of his fascinating Dutch cinema film (a great film that is almost impossible to find on video, but Showgirls is everywhere), in which he threw a troop of models incrediblyAttractive; the square jaw Casper van Dien and Denise Richards (which can actually be 45% silicone), in what looks like an image of American propaganda defined on monotonous scenes of graphic carnage.
It is not a completely successful film, but as a failure, it is certainly an interesting film (and especially entertaining).
My favorite films by Verhoeven were those he made before hitting our ribs; Spetters, an almost pornographic dark film at maturity takes place in the subculture of dragster races and the aforementioned orange soldier (I haveNot yet made to see the 4th man or the Turkish delight).
I think her best Hollywood film is Robocop, a dark superhero satire with a robotic hero as touching as Schwarzenegger in T2.
This film was violent but not in the exaggerated caricatured way of photos of Verhoeven.
His violence seemed to be there for a goal, namely to create an atmosphere of unpredictable dread, not to just tickle an audience deprived of attention.
There is a breathtaking scene in the first ten minutes of Robocop in which the main bad guys play with a cop before sniffing it.
He tortures the officer by taking Glee in all the frightening tics of his victim.
It is a surprising moment of barbaric and exasperating violence which actually sets the tone for the film which could be designated as punk-black splashes.
In the hollow man, Kevin Bacon brutally kills a dog because he is not silent, he stuck a colleague, drowned another and so on.
but why ?
His character is presented as a sufficient genius, the genre which is always impeccably dressed and runs a sports car while generic rock tunes sound from its stereo so that the world hears, a bit like an intriguing nasty of Dallas or Melrose Place, although once the character becomes invisible, this film makes him pass a passage from 180 to a monster of psychotic film.
The genre that will not die.
The protagonists of Hollow Man are the completely bland scientist but beautiful Linda (Elizabeth Shue, acting as if she were Rebecca by Sunnybrook Farm) and her lover, a piece of scientist of the beef played by Josh Brolin who is in heap of the worst lines of the film("I am again of cohesion!").
They are a typical, beautiful but also vacant Aaron spelling couple as George W. The speech of the Bush Republican National Convention (I. E.
Bush referring to Clinton; "???? so much promise ??? But what end?
What end? "-
It actually has applause!
Suddenly, Warren Beatty does not seem so absurd).
The rest of the characters in the film has every thirty people, but act as boring high school animals insulting both with a series of tight lines; is it just me or that the laborious insults become a techniqueHollywood character development on a big budget?
Ahh, what moment cynical we live ???
While the image opens, we meet Cain (Kevin Bacon), an egocentric scientist working with the crew of irritating scientists aforementioned on a secret top (therefore the secret top that the government only provided them with a dilapidated warehousein which to carry out your vast experimentation project)) in order to make invisibility a possibility (for what purpose is never hinted).
They played The veral experiences on animals and almost resolved the dilemma which causes Caine, in a twist worthy of the late origins of the film of the 1950s, to experiment impulsively on itself.
Caine neglects to let the Pentagon enter his plans and somehow obtains two of his colleagues to go to bed so that the rest of the crew thinks that the Pentagon has given the blow.
Our crazy scientist has become invisible (after several FX-Heavy complications), then he inexplicably (he is hinted that the invisibility process has made animals more wild creatures, but this is never explored, and if C'Was it the case why would the hell of someone be stupid enough to test this on a human?
Starts to violate, attack and assasspt anyone like people, always with a lame Wisecrack ready for the Freddy Krueger.
It clearly becomes clear to each new version that it is the films of Verhoeven which have become hollow.
Like the rest, this one is cold, without heart and full of contempt for humanity, but in addition to all that lacks trace of mind, insight and makes no statement other than "the public will pay for everythingthese days".
It is an affront to anyone looking for something stimulating on the intellectual level, or even those who hope to spend a Saturday evening with a fun and curly ride.
Verhoeven rather served a totally routine slasher Mad film without anyone to root and no reason to care about it.
The overviews mean Hollow Man looks like an irresistible film.
How can we not have a good time in a film that uses the state of the FX art to illustrate an invisible man who gets out and dirty with his bad me?
A few weeks ago, after having seen the trailer, a bunch of friends and I had a long discussion on the way in which the films of invisible man never go until the invisible individual indulgesto their new capacity.
Hollow Man looked like the first film to do it and Whoa, seriously to start.
But oh yes, it is directed by Paul Verhoven not atom Egoyan or Peter Greenway.
Verhoeven delivers the "goods", but not in an observable or extremely disturbing way, here, it seems just silent and uncomfortable.
The director keeps his camera trained in his nubile actresses, caressing their breasts with her goal while the false music psychos submit in the background.
It is clearly obvious that Verhoeven does not explore voyeurism (as in the classic Tom) but exploits it and did not even do it very well.
It's funny that with all technology, $ 90 million can make you Verhoven, it has been to try to understand how to show the naked chest of a woman manipulated by an invisible hand.
The most annoying is that the aspect of invisibility is used simply as a gadget in another Slasher film where the characters do stupid things so that the villain can appear for more attacks.
In fact, it is largely out of words that Bacon is invisible because, in the end, most of its potential victims put on red glasses which follow body heat.
As in all Mad Slasher films, we get the POV killers (a scene where he spies on his neighbor while she undresses has triggered unpleasant memories of the sleeping of the sleep party), and many scenes where people are unconsciouslyhunted.
The film only provides a moment that I found really scary.
This happens when a laboratory assistant (Kim Dickens, who seems to get out of Playboy) in the middle of a chit conversation with an invisible bacon, suddenly stops.
 "You look at me?" She wanted, obviously haunted.
It's a little moment in a big film with nothing to offer, but special effects that take place on a plot that should have taken its course in 1982 (the summit of Mad Slasher's craze).
These special effects are so amazing that they alone prevent it from being as bad as Urban Legend or I always know what you did last summer.
And they are the only reason to discover Hollow Man, preferably as a rental of good deals in the middle of the week.
You were warned.
But you are probably You don't listen to, right?
It's a shame???