After "Falling Down" from 1993, I hoped that Joel Schumacher would mature in a great director.
Since then, he offered us two adaptations for the novels of John Grisham ("The Customer" and "A Time to Kill") and two Batman films which lowered the standards of this franchise.
Although these disappointments have attenuated my enthusiasm for Schumacher's potential, advertising for his latest version, "8mm", raised New Hope.
It promised to be something unusual.
This was not the case.
The plot goes like this: Tom Welles (Nicolas Cage) is a private eye that is hired by a rich woman, called allegorical Mme. Christian (Myra Carter), to investigate an 8 mm film found among the affairs of her deceasedhusband.
The film seems to be a film to be a prosecutor in which a teenager is raped and murdered by a man in a leather mask (which reminds me of Bane in "Batman & Robin" by Schumacher).
Because murders can be simulated in a realistic way in the films, Mme. Christian wants Tom to discover if the girl is alive or dead.
By painting the reports of the missing people, Tom finds the name of the daughter and follows it in Los Angeles.
With the help of Max California (Joaquin Phoenix), a video store clerk (and another symbolic name), Tom wanders through the underground world of pornography in search of tobacco to theiver.
The intrigue is obvious with the "hardcore" of Paul Schrader, in which a father goes more and more deeply in the porn and sex industries to find his disappeared daughter.
The two films are modeled on "The Inferno" by Dante, of course; "8 mm" makes this connection too obvious by throwing Max like Virgil and by constantly saying to Tom that they were heading towards a meeting with the devil.
 "Hardcore" is a much more subtle and significant film.
 "8 mm" had a lot of promises.
In his best moments, it is an examination of violence as an entertainment and the beast even in a nice guy like Tom.
A moment of the first sorting: when we meet Max for the first time, he reads "In Cold Blood" by Truman Capot under the cover of a porn novel.
 "In Cold Blood" was the father of the true genre of crime, which is the literary equivalent of tobacco films to Priver.
Max promises that we will see examples of the second theme when he says to Tom: "Dance with the devil and the devil does not change; the devil changes you."
Tom Change - I will let you discover the details for yourself but not permanently.
Schumacher and screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker did not have the courage to take Tom so far in the dark tunnel that he could not come back.
 (Walker's "Seven" has done a much better work on this theme by refusing to compromise).
Cage strives to remove it, but the script does not give it enough to work with it.
Phoenix walks away with the smart, charming and funny film.
The other members of the distribution include Peter Stormare of "Fargo" the camping as a Velvet author of the Dino and James Gandolfini porn of "The Sopranos" as a soulless porn merchant who pushes Tom too far.
In the latest analysis, since "8 mm" is below his claims and his promise, it's just another story of private eyes in the Raymond Chandler / Ross Macdonald tradition to have the detective discover the depravity behind the facadebrilliant with wealth and privilege.
However, unlike other predictable rates in the "twilight" of the penalty year, for example - "8 mm" is particularly disappointing because it could have been much more than it is.