Partly the comedy Buddy, partly the history of the fish-horn of water, part of nature, Meet the Deedles is not as interesting as one of these archetypes.
In fact, it is an invitation that you must ignore.
Phil and Stew Deedle (Paul Walker and Steve Van Wormer) are the twin sons of the famous millionaire, Elton Deedle (Eric Braeden), founder of Deedle Enterprises.
Elton wants his sons to be the perfect heirs of his fortune ... Rather
Both are impetuous Hawaiian tramps.
To put them in law, he registers them in a strict Wyoming Boot Camp, to which the pair will inevitably go.
After several misadventures in Wyoming, where the duo is amazed to discover that there is no surf, the Deedle brothers fall on an erroneous routine identity plot.
They arrive in Yellowstone National Park, where they would be two recruits from New Park Ranger.
Rather than going back to the house and disappointing their father, the deedles play along.
Phil, in fact, has other reasons: the magnificent Ranger Park Jesse (a.
Jlanger), who unfortunately finds himself to be the beloved daughter-in-law of the captain who is too protective of the forest ranger Douglas Pine (John Ashton).
Yellowstone has a problem.
It was only a week before the famous Geyser Old Faithful celebrates its billionth anniversary, and the park is invaded by prairie dogs.
Not just one or two ... Thousands of them.
The acts are assigned to eliminate the dog's P.Menace, not knowing that everything is part of a diabolical plan by the former disgraced chief Frank Slater (Dennis Hopper).
The Deedle brothers are not supposed to be stupid, like the team of Dumb and Dumber, or Bill and Ted.
Instead, their brain just works in a different and simpler kingdom.
A more precise comparison would be with Carrot Top in the chairman of the board of directors, a film which, unfortunately, looks like several hideous ways.
The central problem with Meet The Deedles is that it is simply not funny.
There is a moment when Phil pronounces the line, "insert the laughter here", which almost sums up the whole experience of the meeting of the Deedles.
The result is not bad in a type of Run-Shrieking type in the way.
Instead, it's just badly boring.
The cast seems decent, but they are never asked to do anything at interesting distance.
Instead, the film floods the public with countless photos of people and / or cars that take place in the forest, and with boring constant references to other Disney films.
You will be much more likely to find a good place to surf in Wyoming than to find entertainment in Meet The Deedles.