ripe with explosions, mass death and truly strange hairstyles, the "double team" of Tsui Hark must be the result of a drunk Hollywood power lunch which decided that Jean-Claude Van Damme needs anothernotch on his bad film-Bedpost and the superstar of the NBA Dennis Rodman should have had an acting career.
In fact, in "Double Team", the performance of either is so bad.
I have always been the only criticism to defend Van Damme - he has a high level of charisma that some gender stars (namely Steven Seagal) never target; it is just that he has never made a film ifExuberant of mind since "timecop" from 1994.
And Rodman ...
Well, he's about Rodman.
It is extremely colorful, and therefore it corresponds roughly to its role to a T, even if the role is that of an Arms expert in the ACIA.
It is history that needs a major work.
Van Damme plays the counter-terrorist operation Jack Quinn, who teams up with the arms dealer Yaz (Rodman) to rub the deadly gangster Stavros (Mickey Rourke, all strong and strange) in an Antwerp amusement park.The work is sloppy when the son of Stavros is killed in the gunshots, and Quinn is abducted on an island known as "the colony" - a reflection group for soldiers "too precious to kill" but "too muchdangerous to release ".
Quinn escapes and tries to go home with his pregnant wife (Natacha Lindinger), but Stavros came for revenge and kidnap.
So, what is a Kickboxing mercenary to do?
Quinn looks at Yaz and the two go to Rome so that they can save the woman, kill Stavros, save the world and do everything the scenario forces them to do.
With a crazy camera work and often breathtaking by Peter Pau and Rodman's Lite Brites, "Double Team" should be a slightly pleasant guilty pleasure.
But too much try to perform in each setting, and the result is a film that leaves you exhausted rather than exhilarating.
The many action scenes are noisy and inducing headaches and the frantic rhythm never slows down enough for us to worry about what is happening in the film.
And a large part of what's going on is just eccentric.
There is a whole segment devoted to net surf monks that I have not yet understood.
And the culminating point finds quinn head-to-face with a tiger in the Roman Colosseum while Yaz runs them on a motorcycle, trying to avoid running on terrestrial mines and keeping the little boy of Quinn (who isIn a basket equipped with a bomb) - -Tow while Stavros looks shirtless.
Have I mentioned "Double Team" is strange?
When everything goes, it is only another rarely entertaining formula Killathon, although the one who does not feel the need to engage in free blasphemies.
Rodman juice things with his manifestly dynamic screen character, leading to a blow where he kicks an opponent between the legs.
But we didn't need "double team" to tell us that he could do that, right?