in our time .
In our modern world, where the cool rule, it is difficult to imagine that Shakespeare becomes "man".
And yet - film after film, after film, is based on his eternal magic.
In the latest production of Warner Brothers, Shakespeare gives a kick to a rapbe of rap, while his magic and his intelligence slowly fades.
Although the producers of The Matrix vaguely based their image on `` Romeo and Juliet '' by William Shakespeare, his title sequence with a frightening rap song and a black limousine that cross the dark streets of New York, is very difficultTo associate with Shakespeare's from ShakespearePoie.
The film takes place during a silent war between the two great families of the city's mafia - the Afro Americans against the Chinese.
The youngest son of a Chinese mafia chief is found murdered.
African-Americans are immediately suspected, but a peace treaty is signed between the two sponsors.
It is at this stage that Han (the Romeo of History) discovers the death of his brother.
Eassembled from a prison in China, he returned to the United States to avenge the fate of his brother.
But before he could restore justice with his kung-fu kicks, he fell in love with a mysterious beauty.
The only problem is that she is the daughter of her enemy.
There is only a weak echo of the talent of Shakespeare in this disappointing production.
And there are more problems in addition to his title.
Of course, we do not call it a deformation of a great masterpiece.
We call it "modernization".
It seems that the producers fear that the public will not meet the words, without any prosecution by car and fighting guns.
This lack of respect for the public that I find very disturbing.
Kenneth Brannagh has already proven that Shakespeare does not need to be updated, because his stories are based on the basics of human life and nature.
And as long as love, hatred, honesty and corruption exist, everyone will understand and kiss Shakespeare.
I must admit that I found that "Rome had to die" very confusing.
I can forgive Andrzej Bartkowiak, because it is his first attempt to realize.
He manages to create an incredible atmosphere and directs with firm precision.
Unfortunately, he completely forgot the developments of the characters and stories.
His last image is therefore visually impressive, but intellectually hollow.
The love story between Han (Jet Li) and Trish (Aalyah), and the mafia intrigues are not developed and simplified.
Jet Li is one of the most amazing fighters to have reached the silver screen and Aalyah has a magical voice.
Their realization avoids this film to be completely Braindead, but they are not actors and therefore cannot act.
They are nothing more than two celebrities combined.
The other actors, including Isaiah Washington, Russell Wong, Henry O and DMX, give all standard mediocre performance.
Delroy Lindo is the only one to project a coherent image of reality.
But there is more than acting to worry.
Even with the incredible li skills in martial arts, the action scenes (although technically excellent) are too long and the updates of history simply embarrassing.
In short, "Romeo must die" is not intelligent enough to be a thriller, not sensual enough to be a love story and too serious to be a fun action film.
It is certain that Bartkowiak would be much better with this embarrassing and completely useless parallel with `Romeo and Juliet '', so the film is completely stuck - not sure what to be.
And in the end, it's nothing.
There are no performance worthy of notice, no surprises from interesting characters or history.
Again, the only good thing on this subject is his technical success.
This film can boast of a large sound, a quick assembly, solid cinematography and very well coordinated action sequences.
Music is another factor that prevents you from leaving the theater.
It is mainly supplied by the enchanting voice of Aalyah and Seve Ral has carefully inserted rap songs from various artists, who create a kind of "ghetto feeling".
But when I think back, it is not much of which I remember this "production".
As in almost every summer film, there are interesting scenes, but most of the moments that I remember are associated with massive special effects.
It is not a film that will draw attention to its artistic qualities, simply because it does not.
For someone who has never read Shakespeare, it's another popcorn film.
For those of us who have it, it is a loss of money, time and brain cells.