For "Original Sin", the screen road was rocky.
Initially scheduled for the release last November, the film was hit twice, finally landing in dogs in the summer of 2001.
The anticipated projections of the film have been refused to all criticisms except a few, generally a sign that the studio realizes that it has a failure on its hands.
So, is the "original sin" really so bad?
Yes, but the melodrama offers some awards.
The location parameters are magnificent and there is a healthy savvoon of T&A (with Angelina Jolie providing the "T" and Antonio Banderas "A").
More importantly, the film is entertaining.
Veteran readers know that, as a rule, I do not encourage people to frequent ugly films.
Most of the time, there are a lot of quality offers on the market that deserve our money more and, in addition, "let's laugh at the failures of others" reflect an elitism that makes me uncomfortable.
But things are different this summer.
Quality films, to put it slightly, were rare, so as far as I am concerned, it is just to find our kicks where we can.
 "Original Sin" will never join treasures that "Valley of the Dolls", "Road House" and "Showgirls" in Bad Movie Hall of Fame, but that will do until something worse happens.
The film, adapted by the director Michael Cristofer of the novel by Cornell Woolerich, "Waltz Into Darkness" (which was also the source of the film by François Truffaut of 1969, "Mississippi Mermaid"), opens in a prison in filmingcentury, as a pretty character, planned for an execution of dawn, tells her story Luride to a priest who seems desperately excited.
The tone of the first -year writing class is quickly established when it says things like: "It's not a love story, it's a story about love."
Beware of local golden exams, the Cuban coffee merchant Luis Antonio Vargas (Banderas) takes steps to secure a correspondence bride in America, repercussions as a simple clerk to dissuade foreign gold exams.
A practical man, Luis chooses a lady with Frumpy, hoping that she will be a faithful companion capable of providing him with children.
Imagine her surprise when her fianc? E, Julia Russell (pretty), turns out to be infinitely more attractive than women in the photo.
Julia explains that she sent the image of a different woman because she did not want to be selected only for her pretty face.
Luis then admits his deception, leading Julie to declare, with great importance: "We have something in common, we are not both to trust."
After their marriage, Luis and Julia withdraw for a glorious night to make carefully choreographed lovers, with their body positioned to display her breasts and her buttocks as erotically as possible.
Pretty and Banderas are attractive people and watching them naked is fun, although the insistence of filmmakers on the use of Banderas legs to cover the crotch of pretty gives the impression that he tries to climb it.
Luis, the most stupid man who has ever lived, immediately asks the bank to make his personal and commercial accounts available to Julia, despite the fact that she is nothing like the woman with whom he corresponded.
His happy ignorance continues as the warning signs are rising.
Luis must force Julia to write to his sister Emily, who is frantic by his lack of communication.
Shortly after Julia complained about the chirping of a pet bird, he is on the ground of his cage with a broken neck.
Finally, when she cleanses her accounts and disappears, Luis begins to suspect that something might not go.
By the way, if you are afraid of giving too far by far, rest assured that all this happens in the first 30 minutes of the film, leaving a lot of time for many twists and turns, a large part of the operaAnd more sequences of her breasts and her ass.
Along the way, the private detective Walter Downs (played by Thomas Jane, who was great like M Ickey Mantle in the HBO film "61 *") arises, hired by the sister of the Frumpy woman to discover what happened to the real Julia.
Luis is also impatient that the detective finds the art artist, having decided that if he could not have it, he will kill it.
Oh, the pathos of all this.
The cast seems to recognize the trash of history, adjusting their performance accordingly.
Banderas is properly passionate, while pretty alternates between vamping and pout (and with these lips, she can really pout).
As for Thomas Jane, he begins to act suspicious and Cagey, then accelerates a level of wickedness with cervical boost.
His most surprising moment comes when, to prove his power to humiliate, he forces Luis against a wall, the taunting him verbally while rubbing his cheeks against those of Luis, then finished establishing his domination with a complete kiss.
If someone calls into question the difference between sex and rape, show them this frightening scene.
And if someone questions the difference between the real drama and a laughable potboiler, show them "original sin".