Keep Cool, a Chinese film directed by semi-made filmmaker Yimou Zhang, was one of the launching films of the Hawaii International Film Festival this year.
The day it was presented, eager moviegoers lines have extended into the block, some anticipated riding well in advance to get a good seat in the theater.
They don't need to waste their time.
The film is presented as a comedy, but is surprisingly devoid of humor.
There are notable attempts at laughter, but very few trials really click.
I was wondering if there were jokes that I did not get because I am not from China, but unfortunately, my conclusion was that this lack of humor could not be attributed to the cultural barrier either.
Stay cool is not very funny.
The prelude to the film was a visit to the producer of Keep Cool who, with the help of an interpreter, delighted us how to get printing at the festival in time, a assistant hand brought it to the planefrom China to Hawaii.
Although the impression did it, the assistant's luggage was lost.
Too bad this story is not in the film, because it has laughing a lot.
Quing, the female example of the film, was also on site to make some comments.
However, while the producer politely made regular breaks in his dialog box so that the interpreter can inform us, Ms.Ying tried to say everything she had to say in a tirade, incredibly longand incredibly long.
It was dizzying; good prefiguration for the film.
You see, Keep Cool is filmed almost completely with a portable camera by a man with a bad case of Shakes.
At least that's what it seems, because the camera is constantly moving.
Cinema Verite is one thing, but panramize and shake until your audience has a headache is another.
Although some may consider it as a form that helps the spectator helps an idea of the anarchic state in which young Chinese people develop slowly, I found it completely distracting, and after a while, quite boring.
Headache, as I said.
The film talks about a young bookseller (Wen Jiang) who is after a young woman (Quez-Ying).
They were romantically involved, but the woman got tired of him and left the relationship.
The first half of the film concerns the young man's plan to win her back.
Of course, the fact is that she does not want to be won and has a friend owner of the nightclub a little.
In the fight, the young man catches a laptop belonging to a spectator and tries to use it to repel his attacker, but ends up crushing him against a floor lamp.
We discover later that the laptop belongs to an older man who wishes to replace his damaged computer.
There is a funny scene (the only film) where the young man tries to use a twisted logic in order to bring the older man to look for the owner of the nightclub (Baotian Li) in order to recover his losses.
There is no sense to be made of the behavior of the young woman; Cold a minute, taking care of the next, we therefore do not feel any sympathy for her character.
The bookseller would be better without her.
Although the second half of the film makes us lose a lot of sympathy for the young bookseller, who is obsessed with the breakdown of the owner of the nightclub as revenge for the blows he has taken, he also offers us a good interactionBetween the bookseller and the older man.
While the bookseller is blinded by his thirst for revenge, the older man is the voice of reason and tries to rationalize each situation.
His quest to put an end to the peaceful and equitably dispute is the one with which we identify, but it is frustrating to see that it seems to speak to a brick wall half the time.
A friendship develops between the two men, but it occurs too late in the film so that the public can appreciate.
Although only an hour and a half in length, Keep Cool contains foreign materials.
The whole plot of the way the bookseller is after the young woman could have been withdrawn, Since we do not see it from the median point.
A case of erroneous identity or another aircraft could have served as a conflict between the bookseller and the owner of the nightclub, and would have saved us from the boring pursuit of the bookseller during the first half.
But of course, it would have shortened the film within an hour.
There are a few things that remain cool do well.
As mentioned above, the interaction between the bookseller and the older man is generally quite good.
Although it becomes tedious, reasoning with the unreasonable is a beautiful exercise in logic and represents the differences in thought between generations.
In a scene, for example, the bookseller quotes Confucius to pass his point of view, but the older man claims that the quotation has been misinterpreted and that it means something completely different.
The way Zhang establishes a tension in a scene, as when the bookseller is preparing to cut the hand of the owner of the manslaughter.
The owner of the nightclub has money, slaps each package of currencies on the table.
With each helping hand, we can barely endure the endless expectation before the bookseller withdrew his cleaver and demand his revenge.
Unfortunately, these crumbs are not enough to overcome the rest of the gaps in the film, and were not sufficient to prevent this head of head from persisting after leaving the theater.