The big actor James Woods said one day (and I paraphrase): "If sex is not messy, then you do not do it properly".
A truly deep statement, and which could be made for all the kind Mad Slasher (simply replace "Sex" with "Your Mad Slasher Film").
For these uninformed souls, the gender (or sub-genre) Mad Slasher is a merger of the horror and exploitation elements put at the service of an intrigue which follows an identical outline: a killer usually masked but still mad with wicksAnd kills attractive teenagers at La La Maishalloween.
Urban Legend is a crazy Slasher film, but which is so sanitary, bloodless and nudity, that with its dialogue loaded with irony and its beautiful distribution (but not too talented), it looks more like a special WB TVtoo long.
For filmmakers, Gore is one of the two weapons they have at their disposal in a severe and fearless horror film, as Stephen King said one day (still paraphrasing) "If you can't scareYour audience, Gross Em Out, if you can't do that, make them laugh ".
Alas, the urban legend only succeeds on the latter, but not by intention.
In fact, I find the fact that this film has become a minor success (40 million dollars at the raw box office) more scary than anything.
It seems that the tastes of the public have been reduced to such a degree that any film which even claims to be frightening has the benefit of doubt.
The promotion of urban legend has certainly promised thrills, but how anyone with a three-digit IQ says that it provides them.
Unfortunately, these types of films will continue to be produced because people have no more expectations; an idiotic successful film in Super-Kedpied after the other has desensitized the public to the point where the films have nothing toDo more than promise a good time without the additional delivery of delivery.
If anyone does not agree, I would like them to explain the successes of the shit box office like Batman and Robin, Wild Wild West and Godzilla.
But forget all this, it goes without saying that the MAD SLASHER films (or any other extinguished of exploitation) will be made without an ounce of crafts (especially given the volume that is produced).
Let me present to you the real fault of the film Mad Slasher: the lack of enthusiastic exploitation.
These films are not exploited with high aspirations, so why not free yourself and give your audience for a good time?
Unfortunately, among the hundreds of hundreds, I felt that perhaps three are worth it.
And urban legend would certainly not be included among these three.
Despite its considerable production value and the absence of all boom microphones that slide in the frame, it is just as horrible as any budget entry in the Slasher competition.
Regarding the possibility of exploitation of good humor, the framework of the urban legend alone offers a myriad of promising possibilities: it takes place on a university campus, which is always a playground suitable for the crazy killer.
You see, the campus is a community made up almost entirely of young people in the midst of strange hormonal overvoltages which were percolating under the surface.
All these young people grow up together, crossing all kinds of inexplicable highs and emotional stockings, therefore naturally a strangeness is expected.
All the best for this elusive crazy killer.
Coupled with the abundant quantities of slightly dressed mixes that run, and the introduction of a little exploitation in the procedure should be a relatively easy task.
But alas, the urban legend is not only silly and clich? It is far too clean, a film of slasher for the whole family without nudity, small gore and a lot of stupidity.
This is the kind of film where the killer leads to victims who died of the crime scene for no other reason than, I do not know, from the exercise.
This is the kind of film where the bad guy calmly offers a running-like-the Wind-Prie, but He manages to catch this prey through really horrible publishing techniques.
This is the kind of film where the characters collide just as a strong confrontation has repercussions on the soundtrack.
I really want the filmmakers to retire all this high noise jumping thing.
Yes, the public jumps, momentarily frightened, but no one would do it if a strong sound boom suddenly infiltrated a calm room.
I lost all hope for the possibility of any true fear of urban legend about ten minutes when I saw the killer.
Apparently, filmmakers lack creative ways to disguise their crazy slashers.
In Scream, it was a ghost mask (quite frightening), in I know what you did last summer, he was a fisherman of the rain of a fisherman (in the middle of the summer, no less), and in the urban legend, the disguise sinks into the level of Mel Brooksparodie: the villain carries an oversized parka with a hood of fury (ooh ??? scary) intended to hide his identity.
For urban legend 2, I humbly suggest a costume by Donald Duck.
Although I have to admit, Urban Legend has a winning premise for what could have been a somewhat entertaining operating film.
The slices of killers and the acute dice of the film Comely College up to famous urban legends (you know, like the threatening babysitter of threatening telephone calls only to find that they come from inside the house).
I will not spoil the surprise of what urban legends are used, after the whole film offers a cable affair at 2 h 00 if you are sufficiently intoxicated.
Sad to say, that does not include my favorite urban legend: a fairly graphic antidote concerning Richard Gere and a very unhappy gerbille.
Now it would be frightening.
Before leaving you, I would like to bring your attention the third most irritating thing about the film (the first being the lack of crafts, the second lack of exploitation) - its characters, which are all almost theBoring more people with whom I spent an evening.
Only Jared Leto (resembling a carbon copy of Rob Lowe of the time) and Alicia Witt, as a resilianherian, avoid vexity.
The most boring of the group is a tie between the daughter of Noxima Rebecca Gayheart and the star of the sitcom Michael Rosenbaum, as a supreme irritating Lou (so irritating that I really applauded his painful death, and I am not a personcruel).
Ironically, these aggravating bags of human waste provide the only entertainment of the film; if it is considered a fantastic urban legend due to the prosecutor can be slightly entertaining.
After all, it is a film that presents the kind of false hipsters, I can not bear to be killed, which is at least better than watching a whole film on people that I can't stand not being slaughtered.