Everything about this ninth Trek film seems cheap, from the special Roger Corman quality campaign to its very derived and ugly advertising campaign (the poster is almost identical to that of Star Trek VI: the unknown country).
But the half half of the script for looting should ultimately claim the responsibility for the failure of the insurrection.
I am about to give the same advice to Rick Berman and CO.
As I gave it to the financiers of James Bond films: it is time to strengthen the life of this workhorse by hiring solid genre writers and a real director.
 (While we are there, put this visor on Laforge back!)
For three hundred years, the species of Ba'ku (which resemble humans) have lived on a ringing plan which could just as easily be called the youth fountain.
Six hundred of them occupy the Patch Briar, the area affected by metaphasic radiation, a positive energy that reverses the aging process in the elderly.
But the evil Ru'Afo (this is probably the last stop of Abraham before playing "Amadeus" in a dinner dinner near you), leader of Son'a (which looks like burning victims after surgeryreconstructive), wants to move the ba'kuet cinema its people on the briar patch in their place, in order to reconstruct its dying race.
The Federation is all for that, but Picard believes that it is a direct violation of the main directive: not interfere with the development of an extraterrestrial race.
 (It does not matter that the Ba'ku did not evolve - they one day went to the universe and came across the magical world.)
Whenever Frakes has given an interview lately, he seems to go beyond the ridiculous declaration he has given for the last time concerning this episode.
He called her a comedy, a photo of a thinking man, a return to the old series, and, more seriously, he compared it to a John Ford Western.
 (I guess he is a John Ford with whom he went to school, not the director of researchers.)
He also said that Paramount covered the film with his version.
It is not an excuse, someone generated these images.
The muddy cinematography and the sets of Sitcom are the least of its problems; Star Trek: the insurrection seems to have been radiated from the platolia planet.
Consider such curiosities ...
The romantic interest of Picard, Anij (Donna Murphy), can slow down things by looking at them (like a waterfall or rocks that fall) - its scientific explanation for this?
 "Do not ask."
Worf obtains a pimple (he returns to Klingon Puberty thanks to the atmosphere defying time), Laforge finds his sight (believe me, the real eyes of Levar Burton are more scary than these electronic lenses which he brought first in touch)And very boasts of his businesses, but Picard remains as bald as the buttocks of an Android.
More suspicated, what exactly is the problem of leaving this endangered race has a little fun in the sun?
The filmmakers obscure the problem with nonsense on a kind of family quarrel, and they also transform Ru'Afo into a completely crazy superfreak, just so that the characters have something to do in the peak.
 (And if you saw Return of the Jedi, you saw the end of this film.)
Didn't Picard himself disobey the main directive when he prevented the Borg from assimilating millions?
Frakes was lucky with the first contact, and the repeated visits of this film reveal the seeds of what was wrong in its direction of insurrection: it has no sense of comic timing, and it mines for chemistryacting where it does not exist.
 (Take a look at the painful scene "Tro Get Divur" at the FC and you will have the general idea of the insurrection without success Jokey and your hollow.)
Even the worst shast and co.
Treks, like the final border, has maintained observability thanks to charming and effortless comaranger between Kirk, Spock and Bones.
Neither the first contact nor the insurrection have no idea what to do with Crusher (Gates McFadden, which I must say maintains A fabulous physique), troi or Laforge.
And the three next generation films spend too much time on the data, which is the response of the franchise to Urkel.
Need a cheap laugh?
Ask the data to say something sexual, or start to sing, or lift a rock of four hundred pounds as if it was the song of polystyrene, it's really.
Here is my title proposed for number 10: Data Star Data Trek: data data data data data.
In this film, the data will become concerned with learning to blow up his nose, while Crusher and Troi look silently at 500 meters and Laforge points his sinister gaze on the android in a doubly robotic observation.
Star Trek: The insurrection had a pleasant, strange and silent moment that refers to a better and darker film.
I am not saying that everyone should be Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, but this one went bold where no film should resume.