One of my brother's favorite films is H. Néle cult film by Halicki in 1974 "Gone is sixty seconds", one of the best products of the car genre that provided driving dishes in the 1970s.
Hunting photos had more tire cries than dialogue, but they had a strong visceral appeal.
Although it has a larger budget and familiar stars, the remake of "Gone in sixty seconds" is relatively low and dull.
Randall "Memphis" Raines (Nicolas Cage) is a retired car thief who manages a Go-Cart track.
He came out of the crime so that his younger brother Kip (Giovanni Ribisi) does not take strengthening of cars.
However, Kip has become a thief anyway, and now he has big troubles.
KIP promised to deliver fifty luxury and sport cars to the Raymond Calitri gangster (Christopher Eccleston) by the end of the week.
Calitri expects Memphis to make the good Kip's good matter; if he does not pass, Kip dies.
Memphis brings together her former crew (Angelina Jolie, Robert Duvall, Will Patton, Chi McBride and Vinnie Jones), and Kip brings his boys (t. J.
Cross, William Lee Scott, Scott Caan and James Duval).
As if Calitri breathing the neck was not bad enough, the team is continued by a cop (Delroy Lindo) who has always checked that he had never broken Memphis and by a rival gangster (star master p) who wantsresume calitriclients.
Looking at "Gone", I discovered that flying fifty cars is no more interesting than flying one.
This may be why the first-nine first are quite easy, and the thrills are saved for "Eleanor", a Shelby GTO from 1967, a model that has always escaped Memphis.
But the great pursuit does not respect the long wait.
I had great hopes for "Gone" because it is the second film by director Dominic Sena.
 "Kalifornia", its beginnings in 1993, was a brilliant study in the relationship between violence and its audience.
In this film, Sena took a simple thriller plot (a couple gives a serial killer) and has successfully equipped it with a deeper meaning.
In "Gone", he seems to target a drama on two brothers who cannot communicate with each other, but this objective simply does not take care of this plot.
 "Gone" is taken too seriously or not serious enough.
It is not light enough to be fun or enough to be intense.
This hunter has more dialogue than the screams of the tires but is not the best for that.
The lack of action is a waste of the premise, which should have challenged the filmmakers to create the most spectacular car prosecution of all time.
The weak script is a waste of a talented casting.
In an interview "Newsweek" last year, Sean Penn castigated his former boyfriend Nic Cage for making bad films.
Just as I like Cage, for each good image he makes ("Leave Las Vegas", "Report des Deads"), there are two adult sting, "City ofanges").
This ratio is probably better than many of its peers can boast, but Cage has real talent.
It is a shame to waste it in sumptuous and superficial guts like "disappeared in 60 seconds".