Very well, okay, we get the point: despite all the similarities with the best -selling history, Speechless is not * based on the romance between the presidential campaign of 1992, James Carville and Mary Mataline.
In fact, the script was in development long before 1992.
However, comparisons are inevitable, until a critical difference is made.
No, it is not that the two speechless is speech editors, not campaign directors; it is that the story of Carville and Maline is in fact interesting.
Speechless is a ugly and poorly structured romantic comedy.
Speechless takes place during a New Mexico senatorial campaign, where Kevin Vallick (Michael Keaton) and Julia Mann (Geena Davis) meet and become romantic one night when none can sleep.
What one does not realize is that they are on the opposite sides of the campaign: Kevin is a writer Sit-Com brought to strike the speeches of the Republican candidate, while Julia is the editor-in-chiefof the Democratic candidate.
At the beginning, everyone believes that the other has a ulterior motive for the relationship, but ultimately they dropped their guard and get closer.
But there is a pleasure of obstacles on the way, including the fiancé of Julia (Christopher Reeve) and a series of waterfalls which continue to prove that everything is just in love and in politics.
The standard formula for a film like Speechless would have the two principles that start as antagonists and only realizing that they are crazy about each other.
The screenwriter Robert King completely subverts expectations by throwing Kevin and Julia into the arms of the other in the first fifteen minutes, then developing antagonism.
It is a noble attempt to make things happen, but unfortunately, it simply does not work.
Part of the pleasure of looking at the fight in a romantic comedy comes from the recognition of chemistry even before the characters, but speechless, they already know that they are attracted against each other, and we find ourselves while waiting for thecampaign ends so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that theyend so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end forthat they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they end so that they "I must admit that they love each otherAlready.
There is such a feeling of Herky-Jerky with constant quarrels and inventing that even King's sharp dialogue cannot prevent speechless from becoming repetitive after about half an hour.
The inconsistency is also the decisive characteristic of the performance of Geena Davis and Michael Keaton, and with these performances most of their scenes together.
The problems begin with their initial nuptial parade, which does practically nothing to establish the character of Julia and simply establishes that Kevin is a sage.
Davis is radiantly beautiful and Keaton is generally entertaining, but these characters are so plastic that nothing that happens to them seems to have a little importance.
In some scenes, like a calm moment seated in a fountain, they actually get a certain connection.
For the most part, however, they are only actors throwing lines.
You expect a small spark, and that never happens.
The most disappointing is perhaps that the king and director Ron Underwood completely waste their premise by suppressing the whole punch of voiceless politics.
The setting seems perfect for a great energy battle of the sexes with the partisanry thrown into the mixture, but it is never the tone that Underwood offers.
He wants a warm and blurred romance compatible with the musical score of Flute-et-Vent by Marc Shaiman, and the campaign which should have defined the conflict between Kevin and Julia fades in the background.
It could as well have been a story on rival grocers, and each character is about as inspiration as it could be.
I was about the only criticism of the civilized world which seemed to take advantage of the previous scenario of Robert King, the Dana Carvey Flop Clean Slate, so I had speechless hopes.
But although there is spirit in words, it is a script that was probably much better on paper.
On the screen, it is still thin in paper.