So, what do you get when you mix elements of the intrigue of various successful science fiction films such as meetings of the third type, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Apollo 13 and Contact?
Well, anyway, you hope it would be a thousand times better than this poor quality attempt, given the disastrous results that we have left here.
This is a film that takes a bit of everything, but that ends up adding a lot of nothing!
It's like I said ... this
The film sucks.
Land: A astronauts rescue team is sent to Mars in 2020, after an unknown energy force leads to a loss of contact with the previous gang of spaces for visiting the red planet.
Criticism: extremely disappointing is the best way to describe this film.
uneven, that would be another.
The trailer for this film has shown a certain promise, the buzz around him had been, and even the film itself begins with a decent of twenty first minutes, all leads you to believe that it willMake "somewhere".
But it takes long before all the retrograde film in neutral, offers more space walks than everything that is interesting on the cherry color planet, trying too hard to bring us into the "pain" of certain charactersAnd throws a little romance in Lemélanger without success.
In a science fiction film?
Well, I don't know, a large part looked like a bunch of Nerdies speaking of technical jargon for about an hour and a half, only to understand a great secret at the end, a secret that practically made me yawn.
In the end, it is a film that begins with a decent premise, joins the crew in their "misadventures in space" for the main knot of its trip, and ends up setting up for theOne of the most anti-climative endings on this side of contact.
Notice, if you enjoyed the end of the shoulders of this film, you could also enjoy this frivolous song.
Of course, I do not remember that contact had such obvious and painfully distracting computer effects at its end of history.
UGH.
What a friggine waste.
Films like this usually make me ask me again on brass in Hollywood.
No one recognized the crappinous in this script?
Did they not read the bad dialogue, the Cheezezy lines, the obvious derivative nature of the work (beware, with a director like Depalma at the helm, who does not say much!).
Of course, you can't really blame brass for Jerry O'Connell's inclusion in this beautiful team from Thespians.
'Said Nuff.
You also cannot blame them for Depalma increasing the juice on the musical score of the film in the last fifteen minutes, probably to wake up the public (okay, we get it Brian, this scene is supposed to be powerful... wow ..
The ears hurt!).
So, is something recoverable in this film?
Of course .
Gary Sinise does another excellent job, just like Headle, the film did not completely disturb you as much as it moves slowly without anything really interesting, and yes, the "sand-wrister" effect you see in advertisingis played.
other than that?
I guess I could say that I admire how filmmakers have become so much more devious in their product placement strategies ... Oops,
Did I say "admire", I wanted to say "am disgusted"!
Overall, this film offers very few real substances, offers a two-bit dialogue masked in a lot of science fiction of sciences to present a pathetic computer graph to us in the context of history, gives us little more to thinkThat the way we could recover our money to sit down through this revised dreck.
Go see the ninth door ... now
There is a great movie!
And on a personal note, I think it's time for Depalma to stop worrying so much about his proverbial 12 minutes The sequences of terrupped films and are starting to worry more about how his films are shitty.