The latest film by director Luis Mandoki was the superb serious drama of 1994 "when a man loves a woman", but his luck was finally exhausted with his last photo, "message in a boot", which is the worst type of romance,A filmcela shoots so tirelessly and violently in the heart that he miraculously manages to dry his eyes rather than tearing them.
Everything that can happen can be telegraphy well in advance since this same type of story has been done several times before - and much better - so there is an absence of suspense, and the film finally moves toA rhythm also, very deliberate, as if he was trying to make major "significant" statements and developments in the plot, that it just becomes a tedious bore to sit.
 "Message in a bottle" begins with Theresa Osborne (Robin Wright Penn), a mother and single researcher at Chicago Tribune, who finds a washed bottle on shore while she was jogging one day.
Inside the bottle is an anonymous love letter addressed to a mystery woman named Catherine, and Theresa is so taken aback by her honesty and her sweetness that she shows it to her work and, to her objection, notes thatHis publisher has placed the letter in the newspaper.
Soon, a strong research is carried out to find out who wrote the letter according to the type of bottle and a ship logo on the top of the typed message, and after being traced to a man by the name of Garrett Blake, TheresaFind to traveling to Labanques Exteriures, a city of marina in North Carolina, to discover the details of the message.
Of course, Garrett turns out to be a beautiful and robust man around Theresa's age and played by Kevin Costner.
She is immediately charmed by him, but hesitates to reveal the truth about the reasons why she is there, and notes that Catherine was the late wife of Garrett who died a few years earlier.
Do you think you know where it goes?
Most probably, you do it, and I would not call it to give anything to say that at the end of the image, the film fell into a deep artificial melodrama that I did not buy for a second.
If there are positive things to say about "message in a bottle", it is because the performances of Robin Wright Penn and Paul Newman, as a stubborn father, but loving from Garrett, are well above theApparently to be in such a waste, "Shaggydog" Love Story, and that the cinematography of Caleb Deschanel benefits from the beautiful eastern coast and depicts Chicago as an equally attractive city.
Meanwhile, Costner has not yet bought some of the less than stellar films he made recently.
It seems that with such an unluckiness, he would not want to make another film near the water, but here, it is again with one of the main and most ridiculous centerpieces on a storm scanning sea.
The other actors are all, unfortunately, wasted, notably Inceana Douglas, an underused actress who always seems to be stuck with the "friend" roles, playing here by the confidante and a colleague from Penn in the gallery.
The first half of "Message in a Bottle" plays like a buzzing TV movie, sorting for the lifetime channel, while Theresa spends a lot of time "getting to know" Garrett, with a dialogue that is not all stimulatingOudiveting.
Usually, I am the type of person to salivate practically on the sequences loaded with dialogue since the film undoubtedly tries to develop the characters and their relationships, but here everything sounded with resounding falsity since the dialogue felt "written" andNoncemmed if people "spoke".
When the main characters in a film have very little interest in saying and are not particularly interesting themselves, you immediately know that you are in trouble.
I swear by looking at "message in a boot", I felt like I had just read the script in its entirety before arriving in the theater (devil, in reality I am not even familiar to the novel on whichit is based, by, parnich Olas Sparks).
Always one step ahead of the characters, the film ran if closely and closely at the constraints of the Hollywood melodrama proven, the film strip often seemed to be almost in danger of tearing.
No one earns prices to guess that Garrett will eventually discover Theresa's secret, and that several obstacles will come in their happy lifestyle forever.
This same exact problem occurred in the very, very, very similar from last year (look at this, and you will realize how much I mean) Meg Ryan-Nicolas Cage Drama, "City of Angels".
Although Theresa is deeply touched by the "sincere" letter that she finds in the bottle, the filmmakers might have been able to better find a message in a bottle, preferably before filming.
He should have read: "Memo to the writers: use the brain!"