Retrospective: City of the Living Dead (1980)
A film review by Mike Watson Copyright 1997 Mike Watson
I heard someone once described the films of the director of the horror of Italian Schlock Lucio Fulci as "Dim-wimp".
And by Golly, almost all the other words I miss when they are faced with a dog like City of the Living Dead.
Although the late Fulci has managed fairly good thrillers in his career, it is not one of them.
Two points in favor of the film - the impressive camera work by Sergio Salvati and sometimes an evocative partition of Fabio Frizzi - prevent things from falling completely into the abyss, but in the whole city of Living Dead is a failure.
And like most cinematographic failures, this comes down to bad writing, stupid performance and ugly direction.
The story begins in New York when, during a session, a medium (Katherine McColl) sees a vision of a priest arousing in the city of Dunwich, Massachusetts.
For reasons that we will not enter here, this opens the doors of hell which must be closed by the day of all the saints or the dead will resuscitate and walk the earth.
The medium apparently dies of dread during the session, but wakes up in his coffin in the cemetery the next day and is rescued by an old crisp journalist (Christopher George).
This scene in itself is a howler: why would you open a coffin with a large ax of choice when you know that someone is alive inside?
And have not the corpses various things that have been stocked there and are exhausted before being buried?
Be that as it may, the two go to Dunwich to save the world, where various macabre alleys are already performing as the day of All Saints.
Fulci's graphic gore is once again evident, but here, it only highlights the fragile script and the direction of the film.
The dialogue, to all kinds of speech, is unspeakable.
Not bad in the target sense, like an Ed Wood film, but bad in its pure dull or an approach of "manifestly obviously, let's explain the intrigue".
McColl has no idea who is his character: mortal seriously a minute, frivolous the next one, she is sometimes really difficult to look at.
And the Geezer (the actor's name escapes me) who plays the city psychiatrist becomes even more difficult to spread than McColl as the film progresses.
The performance of Christopher George is recoverable, but he obtains his brain torn off at the end by a zombie and we do not care.
In fact, we don't care about anyone in City of the Living Dead, although in other Fulci films, it doesn't matter when he was in the form of a stylist and ideas, as he was in-of the.
As a director, some of the Fulci idiosyncrasies are incredibly silly and boring here.
He constantly uses close -ups of the eyes of people, a ridiculous technique that suggests an attempt to transmit the emotion of which his dialogue and his actors are not capable.
And despite horrible violence, he barely manages a single fear throughout the film.
The longtime collaborator Fabio Frizzi, talented but still erratic, offers an inactive soundtrack that turns between the Gothic and Gothic death steps and the very inappropriate electro-pop which is frankly embarrassing.
The other Fulci films of this period can be imperfect - House by the Cemetery, The Beyond, The Black Cat - but they are nevertheless films with more inspiration, atmosphere and a better dialogue than this turkey.
For supplers only.