How could a Disney Disney film based on Meg Cabot 'novel "The Princess Diaries" be anything but cute and harmless?
easy .
Take all the cute and harmless pleasure.
And while you are there, do it borrr.
This is what director Garry Marshall, screenwriter Gina Wendkos and, so as not to be outdone, producer Whitney Houston made with the film Disney classified G "The Princess Diaries".
However, you could not say it of the public, a brain, a mass. Incending and brilliant pre-pubular girls (and the strange parental, the popcorn have perched about their people), which applauded positively whenThe end credits rolled (ah the film had struck a nice nerve with them but not with an old me).
Well, I might have applauded that the total guts were now well finished, but it would have been too obvious.
Too obvious is the least of the problems with the Marshall film (Garry made some other films "Princess" - "Pretty Woman" and "Runaway Bride" - but this one without Julia Roberts, so maybe *his problem).
In addition to being predictable as of the molasses, "The Princess Diaries" has little laughed (it's a comedy), could remove the pants from an Abyssin for long stretching, and is so edited if the directors,The directors refer to the scenes that we have not even seen yet (and will probably never do it, perhaps, in the DVD edition).
Marshall should take almost all the blame here, because it has been there for some time and should know when one or two scene does not work ...
And barely * no * of "The Princess Diaries" works ("Works", alas, implies intelligence and there is none of this here either).
The newcomer Anne Hathaway plays the role of Mia Thermopolis, a teenager San Franciscan brilliant but socially invisible who learns that her single mother (a wacky artist played by Caroline Goodall sympathy) had a bit of an adventure with a royal member of a royal member of a royal member of a royal member of a royal member of a royal memberTiny European country, nobody never speaking (filmmakers put themselves in four * not * to call it in Serbia, which is roughly what the two European countries are called in the films mark my words) and now it,MIA, is the longest to govern "Genovia" (hence the head of header / tiara in printed announcements).
Julie Andrews, with the luminous postman hunted at 11, plays the grandmother of Mia (alias Queen Clarisse Renaldi), who presents herself from royal blue and gives MIA advice and directions in consumption, speechAnd the fact of resembling a princess department (although the big youth cure of Mia simply transforms it from the ugly of the luggage in ugly swan).
Does Queen Julie lose her dignity for a good laugh?
not really .
Consuming a corn dog is the worst he gets.
Stereotypical hand is also a brainless jock, a diabolical cheerlead girl, a Heather Matarazzo), a sensitive auto mechanic / musician, and the Mainstay Hector Hector Elizondo as Joe The Driver, impart, conferring the driver,The driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the driver, conferring the conductl'esprit and the wisdom of the front of the limousine driven by theMIA driver at each intersection.
An unusual classified G film is a rarity these days, but the note here reflects the fact that all the guts, all the good things, have been exorcised from the finished product.
Blade, laborious and lamentable, "The Princess Diaries" is recommended for the eight and a half years of female persuasion * only *; all the others would do it well to avoid it (like nests-of-poule, the plague and "perfect storm ").