It's exactly how long the film felt me.
There was not even nine laughs in nine months.
It is a terrible waste of a film with a terrible mess of a man, Mr.hugh Grant, a huge Dork.
It is not all the oral-sex / prostitution thing (referring to Grant, not me) that bothers me, it is the fact that Grant is boring.
Not just Adam Sandler-Annoying, we are talking about Jim Carrey-Annoying.
Since when have the eyes of the eyes and the nervous smiles pass to act?
But, on the other hand, since when to really have bad slapstick (a fight in the culminating delivery room in Grant's head on the lap of Joan Cusack - a scene that he paid $ 60 to have included in theFilm) and double obscene hearing (Robin Williams, the obstetrician, said to Grant's pregnant girlfriend that she has "a big pussy", referring to the size of cat hair on her coat, but nevertheless, Grant paid $ 60 to have the exchange included in the film) Pass for comedy?
Nine months is a predictable cookie film without originality in humor or intrigue.
Hugh Grant plays a successful child psychiatrist.
Why a children's psychologist?
Thus, the writers could inject the following harmful exchange:
Kid: My father is an asshole.
Grant (flutters for eyelashes, offers a nervous smile, then responds in his boring English accent and the attitude of talent in fact, at thought, for you?
Kid: My father is an asshole.
More like a Hugh asshole, but it is next to the point, which is: nine months includes too many stupid stupid jokes who make fun of the ten years in the audience while everyone shakes their heads with disbelief.
So, anyway, Grant discovers that her girlfriend is pregnant and makes her usual reaction (floating eyelashes, nervous smiles).
This opens the way to each gag of the pregnancy / birth of children possible in the book, especially since Grant's wife is also pregnant with the friend that is equally boring.
The boring friend is played by Tom Arnold, who provides most of the cacophone slapsticks, none of whom is funny, like a scene where Arnold beats a "Arnie the dinosaur" costumed (you draw your own parallels on it) inUntil toys.
The only interesting character in the film is played by Jeff Goldblum, who should have hidden somewhere after the terrible refuge, as an artist with a fear (and a simultaneous desire).
Even Robin Williams, who plays a Russian doctor who recently decided to go from veterinary medicine to obstetrics, has a lot of humor.
He is a character from a single mouth-the old foreign stereotype-guy-um-mispronouns-English (Did anyone say that Yakov Smirnov?
This is my favorite vodka, by the way), from where the line "now, it's time to take a look at your Volvo", another nasty joke but without amus.
Nine months is a complete, weak failure on laughter and intelligence and high on a noisy and funny slapstick, failed jokes and other follies without inspiration.
The arrest of Hugh Grant's boulevard Sunset (please, no jokes taken with his pants) can bring more people in theaters, but they will certainly not go with a smile on their faces, not after 90 minutesof Grant's nervous smiles.
Everything in the film is so forced, so non -authentic that anyone with an I.Q.
Over 80 years (sorry, Hugh) will know that they have wasted their money on an dissatisfied desire.
But at least, they did not spend 60 dollars for that.