Land: A rich psychiatrist with a big family life obtains her pretty daughter kidnapped by bad guys who want him to extract information from the spirit of one of his hazelnut patients.
Of course, the patient is not cooperative and the doctor only has a few hours to comply with their requests, before killing his daughter.
Quite good premise, right?
Critality: If you are not a fan of films packaged with intrigue holes, inconsistencies and yes, even more holes in the plot, respect my words and jump this hollow thriller.
And I don't like to say that either, because this film actually had some potential and started pretty well.
Of course, history is essentially only a merger of ransom, primitive fear and time of time in one, but all the "psychiatrist working against the clock" made me engage at the beginning.
But it is almost halfway through this film, that the bottom falls and everything we have left is a lot of questions and very few plausible answers.
We get the too intelligent child who manages to "draw one" from the bad guys.
We get a weak woman with her leg in a casting casting the shit of a hard villain.
We get the character of Douglas, a psychiatrist from New York Umpodity, suddenly transforming into a hero of action, with movements and an attitude towards start -up.
And what about the main point of the intrigue of the film?
Why would the bad guys still give a shit about this thing after 10 years, and more, why would they only give it the shortcut until the end of the day to do its part?
 (You waited 10 years, what is a few more days? - Or why not set up another robbery instead?).
I will tell you why, it is because we would not have a (bad) film otherwise, that's why!
And many, many others.
UGH, anyway, was almost the moment when the character of Douglas suddenly removed the character of Murphy from the mental house (and how is it that she went with him so well?
I thought she didn't trust her), that I turned to my boyfriend and I asked when the film had turned into a joke.
And a few fake hunting and action sequences later, we ended up with a long-term end that did not do much to answer all the other questions that I could still have, and aIn fact mentioned even more contradictions.
Poorly united, this film presents a decent game, a beautiful cinematography and an initially interesting premise, but loses everything in a mist of intrigue which ultimately leaves you with little care for anyone.
In fact, if it was not for the excellent representation of Brittany Murphy of a traumatized teenager, the embarrassing performance of Jennifer Esposito as a police (yes, no!
Watching your delivery lines was the funniest part of this film - but it was not supposed to be) and the cool "ordinary" cool part of Michael Douglas, there would be little reason to sit untilThe end of this photo.
By the way, can anyone give me a good reason why the character of Esposito was in this film in the first place?
She was completely superfluous.
And in addition to all this, at the end of this film, the director seems to have achieved how stupid the public had to have bought most of the garbage he had pellet during the hour and a half, and decides to add the'Insult to the injury by blinking at the death of a previous character when one of the bad guys dies, just so that we know (as an aridity), that the two are interdependent in one way or another.
Oooooh, thank you, mr.fleder ... I
Enjoy the guy with a spoon, guy ... yum,
Yum ... but
How about explaining all the other points of the intrigue of your film which had no meaning?
never mind .
Anyway, I do not give the ass of a rat because this film is a dog and it is unhappy because it actually had good points to do.
See it if you like stupid thrillers.
By the way, if you appreciate a spider, you will probably also appreciate this film.
They both start with interesting premises, only to launch all logical and feel the W Indow halfway.
Where does Joblo come from?
Long came a spider (4/10) - Girl, interrupted (5/10) - Kiss the Girls (7/10) - Primal Fear (7/10) - Seven (10/10)