According to the classic history of Joan d'Arc, was a popular trend this year.
Earlier in May, Leelee Sobieski played the role of passionate title in the highest rated mini-series which made its debut on CBS.
And now the director Luc Besson has delivered his version of the radical epic on the teenager supposed to send by God to save France from the claws of their enemies.
With Milla Jovovich, who is mainly not convincing as a celestial messenger accused of being a witch, `` the Messenger: the story of Joan d'Arc 'is a disjointed and exaggerated historical re -investigation which does not prevail likeA swollen ill -treatment of the famous legend.
Besson (whose previous work of which includes hyperactive science fiction "The Fifth Element") may have entrusted a little too much confidence in the ex-wife Jovovich, because in "The Messenger", the actress is drownedIn a swimming pool of its own inexperienced.
At first, when reports indicated that Jovovich had been chosen for such a demanding role, I was very doubtful that his marginal talent could carry a film of such a caliber.
After seeing the catchy trailer, my hesitant optimism suddenly skyrocketed - Milla Jovovich looked superb.
With the propulsion full of hope for his stellar performance, "the messenger" looked like a timeless epic in the making.
A timeless epic is not.
Besson hesitates to abandon his unique and flashy style, and the story behind the "messenger" is not entirely adapted to his requests.
On the shoulders of the agitated and not very exciting direction of Besson, the film dissipates in an uninteresting meli-melo of badly executed battle sequences and bizarre images.
There is no human exploration in the character of Joan (or Jeanne).
Jovovich is simply divided on the power of God when we have little or no insight on his visionary objective.
Jovivich's unsatisfactory representation only leads to the awareness that Besson considers Jeanne as a piece of spiritual cardboard.
It is just another special effect in this continuous visual celebration.
Jovovich has some moments isolated from pure power, but mainly, she looks lost.
Frankly, I do not know any actress who could succeed in navigating in the "messenger" without major escape.
The script is full of laughable dialogue and unhappy comedy, while Jeanne confronts King Charles VII not crowned (John Malkovich) and informs her of her celestial intentions.
Faye Dunaway plays Charles 'dominant mother-in-law, and Dustin Hoffman appears more than two hours in history as a nicknamed character? Consciousness'.
The three actors juggle a limited screen time, although Malkovich is unusually horrible.
The battle scenes are extremely bloody, but with the presence of such a nervous camera work, they do not capture any excitation or finesse of something like "Braveheart".
There is a particularly graphic and disturbing scene from the start, when Jeanne (as a young girl) looks at the horror of a closet while her older sister is murdered and then raped by a bloodthirsty English soldier.
Even his colleagues soldiers are petrified.
"The messenger" is also strictly an update from the 90s on classical history.
Almost also 90, it seems.
There is a free use of the word F and a dam of slang terms like "She's Nuts! '
sprinkled throughout the scenario.
I was half -spotted Jeanne to invite her homeys to come and relax in her cradle, but that never happened.
There is also the familiar presence of the bizarre Besson's humor, but nothing is close to its functions from a distance to function properly.
He seems terribly misplaced, but in a disaster as scorching and disjointed that "the messenger", almost everything.
Erric Serra's musical score is spectacular, and the overall and production conceptions are continuously impressive.
If it was the visual excellence that Besson tried, then he reached his goal.
But the only time the dramatic comes to life in "the messenger" is during the The closing trial, in which Jeanne is found guilty and burned on the pyre.
During these moments, the historical relevance and the dramatic goal of Joan d'Arc reached the public, although in a low flow of light which causes little power or meaning.
He is simply too delayed for Besson to revive his lifeless interpretation, in which he is always concerned about bad aspects.
"The messenger: The story of Joan d'Arc" is an improbable and impatient historical addition of the Hollywood shelf.
Anyone in search of an entertaining epic will be painfully slapped with an exaggerated and confusing film.
Despite my initial hope, Milla Jovovich will not care to thank the Academy.