There is a scene at the start of Jakob the liar who suggests how better it could have been.
The scene takes place in a Jewish ghetto in Poland around 1944, where a coffee owner named Jakob Heym walks resolutely in the streets, fists filled in coat pockets.
On the one hand, the residents recover food in the street; on the other side, the German troops beat a group of Jews.
Jakob, however, keeps moving.
It is an effective and effective configuration for the character, which is clearly only the idea of a hero of anyone at the start.
He was a man who responded to the horror of his environment by withdrawing from them, exciting his moral peripheral vision.
The configuration is critical because fate will transform Jakob into a reluctant savior.
After a visit to the office of a German commander and a single moment with a lit radio, Jakob learns that the Russian troops are quite close.
When he has brought this first news of the war for years to his Jewish colleagues, they become convinced that he must have a radio, which is a punishable offense in the ghetto.
The good news brings hope to the ghetto; the daily spectrum of suicide disappears.
A man deprived of limited creativity finds himself accused of creating stories of Russian military progress just to keep his neighbors alive.
This promising story of an ordinary person making the extraordinary is overwhelmed from the start by the cast: the "ordinary person" in question, Jakob Heym, is played by Robin Williams.
I am depressing that Williams becomes less assured as an actor in his "serious" roles with each passing year.
Compare his dramatic scenes in the world according to Garp and Moscow on the Hudson with what dreams can come or patcher Adams, and see how much he has become (or, at least, how much less sensitive tochoice of equipment).
Jakob the liar depends on the idea that Jakob must have trouble developing his fictions, but Williams always seems to have difficulty making them.
When he improvises a radio address from Winston Churchill to have despite the 10 -year -old orphan Lina (Hannah Taylor Gordon), he seems relieved that he can finally become wacky.
Oh yes, and then there is this little girl.
Some viewers will undoubtedly consider the hero's fanciful stories for a young charge that recalls too much life is beautiful, but these scenes are not problematic because they are familiar.
They are problematic because they are shocking and entertaining, introducing a cute relationship in a film that should not have been on cute relationships.
The arch of the character of Jakob may concern his desire to act in favor of others, but there are many others without poor Lina.
Each scene with her feels artificial, moving away Jakob the liar of her central history from hope to a previously desperate people.
It is a pleasant surprise to note that Jakob the liar is a much more grumpy production that you cannot expect from a Hollywood holocaust, combining the heavy subject with dark humor effectively.
Director Peter Kassovitz, working with the novel by Jurek Becker, manufactures beautiful scenes between Jakob and other city dwellers, and draws solid performances from Armin Mueller-Stahl (as a doctor formerly renovated) and Bob Balaban (as ahairdresser drifting in depression).
There are simply too many things that turn out to be distracting, whether it is the summary romantic angle involving Liev Schreiber as a former price carrier, or an incongruous presence of Williams, or a sweet little girl but completely outof words.
Jakob the liar deals with an overly delicate subject for such a trial and error and has too convincing a central character to waste.
And after a wonderful first scene, you can see the film wasted and escaped.