It is one of the worst cinematographic experiences on the big screen that I have had for some time.
With this film, plus "showgirls" and "the basic instinct", Paul Verhoeven is currently marked as one of the worst successful directors.
His famous film "Total reminder" was? I admitted?
Obviously, nobody wanted to invest too much money in a production of someone like Verhoeven, the result being a large part of the special effects in "starship" seemed false.
But everything that is not bad in the film was not the director's fault, even if he was one of the guys who used the actors.
It is surprising that none of the actors received appointments for the Razzie Awards (I expected five for the actor categories).
The vanity of an unscrupted pan, dense Ribald, Miasmus thin and bruisson Jackass need seriously a school of action.
No, they must first take primary theater lessons.
While the "total" has been well written, "Starship" is purely pathetic.
Very well, it is supposed to be an entertainment film with a quick rate, and you are supposed to deactivate your intellect (completely) and take advantage of the action sequences and the special effects (that is to say, guts and blood).
In fact, I found the activity incredibly boring, a complete waste of more than two hours.
Half of the film was a bad episode of `` Beverly Hills 90210 '' (Dina Meyer was in "Beverly Hills"), while another neighborhood was simply nothing (things like presenting unrelevant informationAn irritating way on the web), and the rest set up display of humans fighting images generated by computer.
The battles were all the same? Bauch, shoot or get stabbed? And on sterile planets that had only giant insects.
There was not even a waterfalls, which I consider to be slightly more exciting than the images that run.
I wonder what insects eat, if there are only on the planets?
There is so much laughable treatment in this film, and it is frankly not fun when jokes are intended.
This type of history is obviously intended for 10 -year -old children, who cannot see it anyway because of violence and sexuality.
But then, there are still 16 -year -old children who have this frame of mind.
The unnecessary intrigue begins when Johnny's girlfriend (Vanity Devit) Carmen (Richards) decides that she wants to join the soldiers to fight insects who throw asteroids on earth.
Johnny then enrolled as a soldier also, after an overly super -held argument with his parents.
But there is another girl, Dizzy (Meyer), who loves Johnny and then there is another boy who loves Carmen, which results in a quadrilateral of love, which is not better, because that meansIncreased, and more bad Beverly + Melrose hills.
And the result of this quadrilateral of love at the end is also rather stupid.
Anyway, to come back to the thing you could call the plot, Johnny is too stupid to be a pilot and must join the infantry, while his daughter and the other guy are in the same league.
Dizzy has just continued Johnny and also joins the infantry.
They then begin to train, which contains what Roger Ebert calls IPS (Syndrome of the Idiotic plot, moments when only an idiot would have made such obvious mistakes), then a real fight.
and guess what ?
It is about as complex as possible.
Oh, and one of their friends, Carl (Neil Patrick Harris a. K. A. Doogie Howser M. D Channel for that.
This is my fifth name for a raid.
The soldiers fight, fall in love, die, kill and try to act.
Naturally, they win or somehow half winning.
Of course, between the two (and at the end), there are soldiers who discuss and smiling while carrying serious injuries caused by bugs of bugs.
Bugs also suffer from IPS: why would you say the maintenance of your captive before killing i t?
Isn't it also surprising that the terraces have not invented better portable weapons by then?
The only question that remains is why I gave it a star instead of zero.
Well, perhaps a quarter (from a star) for the originality of the co-sexual shower scene and the (very) short moments of suspense, another quarter to copy "Zulu" and leave the good guys (The bugs), half-star in the suction of the brain of one of these people who say they are actors (but there should have been more, the soldiers deserved to die).