Janeane Garofalo in a romantic comedy - it was a good idea a few years ago with the truth about cats and dogs, but is almost excruciating in the contamination.
It is a film in book that walks on a predestined course without surprise and very little laughs.
He also jumps on the still popular political satire train and also manages to fall flat.
Garofalo plays a campaign assistant to a Senator from the Massacusetts (Jay O. Sanders) who presents himself for a re -election.
Denis Leary plays the stereotypical strategist without any ethics which decides that the only way for the senator who has trouble winning is to play his Irish roots and to take advantage of this Roman Catholic contingent of Boston who made the Kennedy family so popular.
Then Leary orders Garofalo to go to Ireland and dig up parents to exploit.
She soon learns why "easier to say than to do" is the mantra of films like this.
The contribution falls for each cliché of things that can go wrong - Garofalo must take a small plane for Ireland, almost lacks the bus for the city, cannot get a hotel room, finds itself in the smallest and themore judicious in the world, a dog pisses on his luggage, etc.
Then comes what Roger Ebert calls the "cute meet".
This happens in each romance: man and woman must meet for the first time in an unconventional and cinematographic way.
In the interchange, this happens when Garofalo enters the bathroom of his hotel and finds a naked Sean (David O'Hara) in the bathtub, his dog seated by his side.
No point to guess that it was the same dog that made water on his luggage.
No point to guess Garofalo hates O'Hara on sight.
This is how it works in films like these.
I know that when I saw that the Irishman in the bathtub that she hates him for a while, then would succumb to his charms, lived happily for a coil before allowing superficial details to throw awayThe relationship in turmoil, after which they reconcile in time for an Irish piece happy to play on end credits.
I have not yet mentioned the torsion of the film.
Garofalo comes to the small town of Ireland during the annual twinning festival, during which the lonely people of the county insured in the future of happiness.
Milo O'Shea (who looks like an Irishman Tom Snyder) is the contribution who appears occasionally to spit his words of wisdom and bring together solitary souls.
Rest assured that he will do everything he can to match Garofalo and O'Hara.
Oh, and in accordance with the total predictability of the contribution, he dies towards the end.
What is the message here?
Sometimes, even the most respectable person of comic distinction, like Garofalo, will sell with a weak script.
I was delighted to see Garofalo and Leary in the same film, but they actually only have two or three scenes together.
Leary remains in the United States, most of them, shouting in Garofalo by phone and generally an asshole.
He even defeated himself with the old microphone still on after having finished giving the shot of speech.
Both should have known better.