In French, the expression "Film Noir" literally means "Film Noir".
Webster defines it as "a type of criminal film featuring cynical malicious characters in a ladle and a disturbing atmosphere which is transmitted by dark photography and background music."
Classic black movie, including memorable dishes such as "The Big Sleep", the original "Cape Fear" and the hitting of Orson Welles "a touch of evil", used black and white photography to underline the long shadowsassociated with the genre.
The color came into play with neo-black films like "Chinatown" and "Blade Runner".
 "L
For an example of a manual in the way of taking all the elements of the neo-black and creating an absolute mess, there is "palmetto".
Based on "Just Another Sucker", a new written by the British author René Raymond under the pseudonym James Hadley Chase, "Palmetto" shows what is happening when a filmmaker puts the style in front of the substance.
Director Volker Schlondorff ("Tin Drum", The Handmaid's Tale ") said" We were not even sure for a long time if he was going to be a thriller or a comedy. "
this shows .
 "Palmetto" is too absurd also being taken seriously as a thriller and too heavy to work as a comedy.
The story begins when journalist Harry Barber (Woody Harrelson) is released from prison.
Someone turned the state's witness and revealed that Harry was supervised, a "reward" for blowing the lid on corruption in the small town of Florida de Palmetto.
Bitter and Broke, Harry plans to do hitchhiking in Miami and start his life again, but the ex-girlfriend Nina (Gina Gershon) seems to return to Palmetto.
While dragging into a bar, he notices that a beautiful woman left her bag in a telephone booth.
Harry faces her money, only so that the woman reappears and grabs her with her money in her pocket.
No problem, however.
The radiant blonde is Rhea Malroux (Elisabeth Shue,) the young wife of a richer man very rich with heart problems, and she has a proposal for Harry.
Rhea needs "a threatening voice and someone to recover the ransom" for the abduction staged of her teenage daughter Odette (Chloe Sevigny.)
The girls want to shake a "ransom" of half a million dollars of the old man and will gladly give Harry $ 50,000 for helping the scam.
Things go wrong, of course.
Odette is found dead, leaving Harry frantically trying to have the corpse and cover her traces.
In an ironic touch, Harry is invited to work for the room.
desk .
They need a connection to the press for questions on the ground on the removal of Odette and believe that Harry is the perfect man for work.
Not a bad configuration for a black film, if only Schlondorff knew how to manage the equipment, but he never settled in a coherent tone.
The actors do not know what to do with their characters either, still grinding the procedure.
As if that were not enough, history suffers from major logic problems.
Woody Harrelson is a talented actor with an admirable desire to take risky pieces, but he lost here.
Presented as a crusade journalist who was horribly injured, it makes no sense that Harry is stupid enough and dishonest to get caught in this program.
Harrelson clearly does not know what to do with the character of Harry, so he spends most of the film launching, sweating and generally acting miserable.
Meanwhile, Elisabeth Shue gives clumsy performance, behaving like a vamp on nitrous oxide.
As a daughter-in-law, Chloe Sevigny poses as many oddities as she presents herself as Juliette Lewis Jr.malgré a certain number of hot scenes, there is no chemistry between Harrelson and women.
To worsen things, Schlondorff really doubts dialogue while the character's lips run on the bodies of each other.
Two particularly bad scenes highlight the problems of the film. By driving with a body in his trunk, Harry has a minor car wreck and a cop presents himself.
The officer wants to help change Harry's flat tire and ask him to open the trunk.
Harry's pathetic attempts to keep the closed trunk could have worked if they played like comedy, but under the dark direction of Schlondorff, the scene is simply embarrassing.
The film's nadir comes when a villain is preparing to kill Harry and Nina.
We are supposed to be horrified by watching our hero swinging on a bathtub filled with acid, but at this stage, the film is so fundamental that the scene simply recalls the moment when Jessica and Roger Rabbit were suspended on a tank tank.
If "Palmetto" had been played with the tongue firmly in the cheek, it could have been an entertaining shaggy dog.
But under the last direction of Schlondorff, the film is just a slow painting exercise in the neo-black.
Avoid this nonsense and go see "l.A. Confidential ”instead.