Capsule: not a suite as bad as Crow 2 or Batman & Robin, but still horribly putrid, cheesy and poorly designed.
This one belongs to the cartoons on Saturday morning ...
Prolonged review: you know, halfway through this film, I realized that if you hacked everything except the combat scenes, you would have a hell of a good 35 minutes of martial arts in Hong Kong.
Beautifully choreographed by Robin Shou, who also plays Liu Kang, the combat scenes are both breathtaking and graceful, sufficiently acrobatic to make Olympic gymnasts cry.
This is what made the original so fun, but unfortunately for the rest, we are without the frenzied style of Paul Anderson.
Instead, they obtained John R.leonetti, the director of photography of the Original Kombat Mortal Kombat.
Not a good choice.
Although the combat scenes are brutal and breathtaking, the rest of the film looks like standard television rates.
The actor is sub-room, which I could bear if it was not for a.) The style of the director, b.) Special effects, etc.) The treatment of the story and the characters.
One.) M. Leonetti should return to lighting, in my opinion.
I could say dozens of bad things about him: he too much slowed down, he has no eye for the action, he cannot even obtain mediocre performance of the actors, etc.
But by far, his worst movement was the way he treated the jump.
Apparently, everyone can now fly.
Hell, I am absolutely for the occasional gravity which defying the kick of Flip and so on, but not when it happens every few minutes, and is done so badly.
Better jump and acrobatics were seen in Xena: Warrior Princess.
In short, they should have recovered Paul Anderson.
Or at least leave Robin Shou directly ...
Born) unlike the first, of which SFX was vibrant and somewhat realistic, MK: the special effects of A are bland, false and overall simply bad.
I have counted at least half a dozen times that the blue screen was painfully obvious.
If this film had been made in the 80s, it would have been revolutionary.
But in today's industry, he doesn't even look over.
c.) Now for bad parts _really_.
I admit that I am a fan passionate about the Mortal Kombat series.
Games are fun diversions, an easy way to work on stress and anger.
The first film was an insane Thrillride.
It could have been a really cool film.
it's not.
Writers have apparently found it necessary to reduce the target audience, from teenagers to preschool children.
Some of the elements of the plot are simply stupid.
So stupid?
Take, for example, how our heroes move.
They use giants spheres the roller around the underground, supposedly thousands of kilometers per hour ... oh
boy ...
Worse, the treatment of secondary characters.
flashes and you will miss them.
Most of the characters had more depth in video games.
If you thought Batman and Robin were bad about it, you haven't seen anything yet.
A good 75% of the characters are introduced, give someone a kick, then die or are forgotten.
There is no explanation for this.
And for the final blasphemy, the fight that all the fans were rabid, the fight was the most complex in the film, lasted about 3 minutes and then in a way ... finished.
It almost made me cry.
To summarize everything, rent on video and quickly go through everything except the combat scenes.