"Quest for Camelot" is Warner Bros. "The first length of feature film and entirely animated to steal the influence of the Empire of Disney's comic strip, but the mouse has no reason to worry.
The only other recent challenger in their throne was the promising production of last fall, if Flawed, 20th Century Fox, "Anastasia", but "Hercules" from Disney, with his cast and colorful palace, made him beat handsRaised when he came from Crown to crowned the best animation piece of 1997.
This year, this is not a competition, because "Quest for Camelot" is almost dead on arrival.
Even the Magic Kingdom has its most mediocre - it would be "pocahontas" for those of you who keep the scoring - is not as dull as it is.
The story revolves around Kayley's adventures with a free spirit (expressed by Jessalyn Gilsig), the teenage girl from the beginning of a late knight of the round table of King Arthur.
Kayley's only dream is to follow in the footsteps of her father, and she has her chance when the diabolical warlord Ruber (Gary Oldman), a former member of Table-Bad-Bad, steals the magic sword of Arthur ExcaliburAnd accidentally loses it in a dangerous, Boby-length Forest.
With the help of Garrett (Carey Elwes) and a two-headed dragon (Eric Idle and Don Rickles) who is still arguing with himself, Kayley may well be able to break the medieval sex mold and prove hisCarun fighter value on the side of Arthur.
 "Quest for Camelot" lacks pure showmanship, an essential element if it expected to climb in the high ranks of Disney.
There is nothing here that differentiates the "quest" from something that you would see on a cartoon on Saturday morning - a lower animation, instantly forgettable songs, poorly integrated computerized images.
 (Compare Kayley and Garrett with the angry ogre at the Battle of Herc with Hydra.
I rest my case.)
Even the characters stink - none of them is interesting, so much so that the film becomes a race to see which one can defeat others.
In the end, it is equality - they all win.
The comedy of Dragon Shtick is terribly disgusting, but at least it shows signs of an impulse.
At least, fans of the TGIF television range from the early 90s will be delighted to find Jaleel "Urkel" White and Bronson "Balki" Pinchot sharing the same images.
Some scenes are well done (although I am lost to remind you enough to be specific), and the actors who provide vocal talent are enthusiastic (although most are twinned with singers who do not resemble them for their Musical Moments - JaneSeymour and Céline Dion?
But you have to cross too much of this mess to find the good.
Aside from the fact that children will probably be also bored by looking at this as adults, the most serious error in "Quest for Camelot" is his total lack of personality.
And the personality, we learn from this waste, goes very far.