The kind of army comedy has never proved a really good film (if you do not count Biloxe Blues by Neil Simon).
Year after year, more predictable military films are released - more recently the SGT.
Bilko - And none of them has ever managed to be more than a new reshuffle of the last.
I thought the scratches would be different.
With Ivan Reitman as a director, Bill Murray as a star and Harold Ramis as a co-star and co-screen, it seemed that it would be Ghostbusters in the army.
Instead, it was a bunch of faithful shit in the army.
Murray, roughly as funny and sophisticated here as in the meatballs, plays a losing taxi driver who considers the army as his only chance of succeeding, and convinces his branching friend to enlist with him.
So he does it, and we get the hell's compulsory drilling sergeant, shaving the head and the sequences of walking / song, more carefully carefully than ever.
The characters are even less original, ranging from the underperformance John Candy to the incompetent captain John Larroquette.
All the stars of the big name in the scratches (and even the Larroquette) are victims of the lame equipment, reworked and are never really friendly, Murray in particular.
He obtains only a few decent lines, although these barely fun liners pale compared to the hilarious character of Peter Venkman which he played three years later in Ghostbusters.
He was even better in Caddyshack, for having shouted aloud.
As with many comedies from the late 1970s / early 80s, Stripes is a completely juvenile film that only a child would like but is so obsessed with sex, no child should be able to look at him.
I'm sure it seems funny on paper to have candy to pay more than $ 400 to Mud Wrestle five beautiful women, but while looking at everything that came out of my mouth was addressed "Dear God!"
every few seconds.
Stripes is also not the kind of playful sexual comedy.
Most of the time, it seems downright misogynist, as when Larroquette uses his telescope to look in women's showers or Murray lifts a woman M.P.
On the stove and, with an I-Know-What-You Like look on his face, says that he will give him the "treatment of aunt Jemima", which means pushing a spatula under his buttocks several times.
You don't want to stay as the scene is progressing and it uses an ice cream scoop on its genital region.
 "I don't like it," said the woman.
Exactly my feelings.