Plot: Director Token Alan Smithee steals the only copy of his film "Trio" from the studio, after having finished the "final cup" without him.
He threatens to burn the film's coil if they do not allow him to keep his vision.
Criticism: Wow.
I really don't remember the last time that a film was sucked in on so many levels!
The "comedy" in this film is pathetic, obvious and dated (OJ Simpson joking in Gogo).
The layout is without interest, boring and bad.
The structure of the film is boring, repetitive and pretentious.
The game is pretty bad, especially Jackie Chan, who cannot act to save her life.
The cameos are lame and seem forced, and the end breathes pieces.
Overall, this film believes itself to be an intelligent, humorous and upset look behind the closed doors of Hollywood, but appears as a boring, stupid and completely unexpected shit.
I love to see movies on Hollywood shenanigans, but it bites the big one.
See it if you like to watch very bad movies, otherwise jump it, because it will just make you hate each star who makes an appearance there.
Fortunately for all of us, this mess only lasts around 80 minutes, and the Honcho of Miramax Harvey Weinstein plays a detective with a lead.
By the way, is there a reason why the studio or the producer could not have cut another version of the film like all the filmed stocks that remain?
Who knows, who cares about it, this "satire" sucks the bag.
Facts little known on this film and its stars: ironically, the original director of this film, Arthur Hiller, also asked that his name be removed from the credits and replaced by the nickname of Alan Smithee of the DGA.
It was after the film production company, Cinergi Pictures, preferred the cup made by producer / writer Joe Eszterhas to his.
The original script of this film included Arnold Schwarzenegger and Bruce Willis.
Eszterhas announced through the media during the post-production that Cinergi Pictures did not have the money to pay the soundtrack.
He said he would finance the soundtrack for his own money and asked to submit tracks to him.
He received 9, 200 cd and artists from artists who are mainly unknown and not signed, listened to everything that was sent (at least a few tracks of each disc) and compiled the soundtrack.
This film practically swept away the "raid awards" in 1999, given to the worst film categories of the year, with any less than the "worst image" price, the "worst scenario" (Joe Eszterhas), the "Worse supportL'Auppil'Acteri "(Joe Eszterhas), the" Worse New Star "(Joe Eszterhas tied with Jerry Springer) and the" Worse Original Song "(" I want to be Mike Ovitz! "
as written by Joe Eszterhas).