The writer / director Lawrence Kasdan helped write some of the greatest cinematographic successes of the 1980s.
Yes, it's true, he co-written the Raiders of The Lost Ark (9/10), the Empire fell (8. 5/10) and Return of the Jedi (8/10).
Now, with this film, it seems that he has decided to test his skills in poor scripting and bland staging.
and guess what ?
He succeeds again!
Land: A man with a ladle and regrettable past decides to run away and in a small American town, where he pretends to be an approved psychologist with an open swarm of people with problems.
It is not long before you have friends with the billionaire of the small town, people become suspect and he falls in love with one of his own patients.
Critality: This film is not a comedy!
It is a drama.
I say that just at the front because by the appearance of the trailer, one might think that this film secures its base in humor, but unfortunately for us, this is not the case.
It is a serious film (seriously imperfect if you ask me, but I go away) which offers some full -minded jokes to awaken you, but overall, is right there.
Now on my review.
This film is zero because it was slow and boring, with an uninteresting protagonist with an incredible past, included extremely dull patients whose problems have left me at best and annoyed at worst, and have certified everything with a lot of predictable end.
I have no idea what Lawrence Kasdan was trying to accomplish with this image, but whatever it is ... he
lack !
Anyone without his name could never have been able to make this film because it is an extremely generic piece of puff, which, by a good day, could be described as predictable digestible.
It is not surprising that the studio tries to sell it like a comedy!
It fears like a drama, and bored my cohort of movies to sleep.
I gave him four points on four extremely shallow but distinct brands.
First of all, I couldn't help but think how much the main actor Loren Dean looked like a young Charles Grodin.
He even acted like him, with the exception of the dry and sardonic spirit.
It kept me interested in looking at it at least.
The number two, and this one is really superficial (also seemed to be designed in this way), there were a lot of "Titshots", as they would say in high school.
And God helps me if I can't have enough in a goalless drama.
And three, and this one surprised me the most, the camée of actor Ted danson (yes, he will always be Sam Malone for us real fans!) Was the best part of this film and made meSee him as a different person.
A different asshole, but a different person nevertheless.
If you ever rent this film one day (do you promise to throw your money harder in theaters?!),
Wait for your scene because it's actually quite good.
Other than that, dull, dull, dull and dull.
Even Jason Lee, one of my personal favorites, was left out to dry with the lame dialogue and one of the most phonic novels to hit the big screen for a while.
Well, at least he was finally "released" and made real skateboarding in this film!
Oh yeah, and I suppose it is the fourth point of my note.
Anyway, if you like to watch boring patients babble on their boring problems to a psychologist without interest ... this
The film is your bag!
Otherwise, skip it and see this analyze this (8/10) again ... now
There is a great retractable film!
Facts little known on this film and its stars: fans of "Three's Company" alert !!!
TERRA OF THE TV show, also known as an actress Priscilla Barnes, plays a small but pivotal role as the owner of this film.
The scene is actually a fantastic sequence and presents the neckline, so stay attentive, children!
It is also a question of noting that the actress was named "Penthouse Pet of the month" in March 1976.
She was known as a Joann Witty at the time.
She is from Jersey.
Who devil is Loren Dean, the guy who plays mom D in this film?
You had me, but all I know was that he was born in Las Vegas in 1969 and played the character of Billy Bathgate in the 1991 film of the same name.
Jason Lee was born in California in 1971.
He was a professional skateboarder before his acting career did not discolore after mallrats (6/10), and even has his own skateboard company called Stereo Manufacturing Corp. He was in each film of Kevin Smith with the exception of clerks(8. 5/10).
Listen carefully and you will hear the pharmacist for this film (the balloon actor formerly known as the Prit Taylor Vince) make a reference to "Lost Ark", which is obviously a joke, considering that it is the'Celifilm writer / director, Lawrence Kasdan, who co-written the raiders of The Lost Ark (9/10).
Kasdan also played the role of Dr. Green in 1997 as good as possible (8/10).
Ted Danson also played the role of lawyer Peter Lowenstein in the first Kasdan body in 1981, with a sexy Kathleen Turner and William Hurt.