Five girls spend a day in a closed building to make stocks when a strange box is delivered there (is it starting to seem familiar?) By mistake.
The girls accidentally open the box (big surprise, huh!) And release a bad mind from a killer who kills the girls one by one (Betcha has not seen it coming!).
Difficult to die, I discovered by watching the film, is a series of Sorority House Massacre 2: Nighty Nightmare (R. A. M. R. # # #
1521).
Two of the actresses of Sorority House Massacre 2 are in this film, Robyn Harris and Melissa Moore, but they play different characters here.
Orville Ketchum is also back (prepare for that) Orville Ketchum (yes, the same character in the number two).
Yes, it is also built as a reservoir in this film.
I tell you, a nuclear bomb exploded next to this man would not hurt him at all!
The three previous mentioned were the only actors in the second part that I thought I could act, well they seemed to have lost this capacity.
Fortunately, for my mental health, I also saw the film Warlock, which defeated all the harmful effects that I obtained from this film.
The story of this film is completely ridiculous and has many elements of many horror films on a cheap budget.
All the good moments that this film does not reach are even more destroyed by the script.
The film is so pathetically predictable that every moment has already been understood, analyzed and thrown before it occurs.
It is useless in this film that all suspense is in progress.
Although we have history, history also offers every chance that it can undress an actress.
The film goes to the shower in the manager's office.
I'm sorry, but it's completely useless, ridiculous and hurt history more (if this is always possible).
The script for this film is completely pathetic.
The lines with the actresses with are completely horrible.
The only thing that I think could have happened is that the actors invented the script as you go.
Here is an example of the wonderful dialog box.
The scene is that two girls have just entered an firearm store and have chosen a big pistol * really *.
The line is "my father was a sailor, I bet I can work it."
This line must be a competitor for the bad line hall of infamy.
Now we are quickly moving forward for a few minutes until a big plan (? !!?) Was presented.
A comment from an actress is "not a lot of strategy involved, but I like it".
I am afraid of people whether it is about as good as they get.
Now allows you to talk about the great special effects of this film.
It was obviously not a great concern of filmmakers.
The killing scenes are so obviously faked that they go to the point of threatening the spectator's intelligence.
A girl is hacked with a knife and enough blood comes out to do a Friday 13.
Do we try to see how unrealistic we can be?
The Department of Continuity was obviously asleep (with viewers) watching this film.
In a plan, the actress has rags, the angle of the camera changes, the actress seems to have lost clothes.
Very impressive!
The one (half?)
In addition, this film has for this, it is that in many places, it is involuntarily hilarious.
The incompetence behind the film makes him incredibly funny, and the spectator can therefore obtain a pleasure (? !!?) Of the film.
However, this is not worth the rental fees of more than one penny.
In the acting department, the only thing I can say is two inches in the square and a head down.
I would normally make a detailed paragraph on this subject, but there is no interest here because there is no one who impressed me the least.
Well, win it, lose it.