I can imagine how the Krippendorf tribe had to look on paper.
This does not surprise me at all that an extremely talented group of actors, led by the great Richard Dreyfuss and a good director (Todd Holland), all wanted to make this film.
In fact, it is only the expertise by which this atrociously bad script was executed which prevents me from suggesting that you remain as far from the Krippendorf tribe.
Retrospectively, I can imagine how bad this film could have been.
I shiver the possibilities of horror if he played a less capable actor than Dreyfuss.
Dreyfuss plays James Krippendorf, an anthropologist who granted $ 100,000 by his university to find an unknown tribe in New Guinea.
Halfway through his two-year-old expedition, his wife dies (apparently).
I apparently say because when or how she dies is never really established.
Later, we discover that a large part of the subsidy has been spent for large screen televisions and other pleasures of this type.
Thus, when Krippendorf discovers what happens to teachers who do not judiciously use their subsidy, he decides to build an elaborate lie.
He makes his own tribe, using his three children as actors in a video.
He simply invents certain incredible facts on this tribe (which he calls the Shelmickedmu).
Krippendorf's audience of conferences is amazed by its conclusions according to which the Shelmickedmu practices circumcision.
And the proof that the typical family unity is led by a single father is really incredible for the anthropological community.
Like all films like this, the lie becomes more and more complex, and the suspense is generated with us, wondering when he will fall under our hero.
Dreyfuss is a funny and talented man, and he is funny in this film.
It has a lot of positive energy and, unlike most comic actors, really manages to play people like that.
This film also requires a lot of physical humor that I have never seen Dreyfuss play, and it does a great job.
Jenna Elfman, who plays Veronica Mecilli, a scientist who wants in Krippendorf's work, is also very funny and attractive here.
And children's actors are also great.
But we are talking about the script of hell.
It is one of these stories that requires such an extreme suspension of the disbelief that they could have just as well established as history takes place in an alternative universe where things like this can happen.
But the ridiculousness of the story is not really what is so bad about it.
All shots and irritating plot devices could have been easily overcome by Dreyfuss and Crew.
No, the script is plagued by as many stereotypes without any idea and petty characters that I was incredulous by looking.
In addition, the manor in which all this material is covered is really shameless.
Take, for example, the scene in which Krippendorf removes Veronica so that he can record them with sex.
They are all adorned with the outfit of the tribe, with painting to darken their skin.
Krippendorf does because he needs sequences of the rituals of coupling of his tribe.
Now, I saw this scene coming to a distance, but I said to myself: "No, it would be far too tasteless.
There is no way that they do that ... oh
God !"
They did it.
it's here .
I was almost more dismayed by the fact that it did not disturb the other members of the public with whom I saw this film.
I found it deplorable.
And when Krippendorf is forced to admit that he did it, he simply apologizes without the slightest suspicion of conviction in his voice.
The film is filled with scenes like these.
They insult not only the public, but they insult the types of people that the film depicts.
It would take a really professional job to create videos sufficiently convincing to deceive a whole community of scientists, but Kriprendorf easily does it in an afternoon.
And watch Dreyfuss trip on a not completely The prepared speech is funny and entertaining, but I think most members of the public on the screen would be able to see that he invents as it goes.
If I were an anthropologist, this film would insult me a lot.
Just moving, the film plays each stereotype that our culture has ever learned about African tribes.
Of course, Dreyfuss dressing like a chef is really funny, and this allows entertaining scenes, but the heart of this material is deeply without any idea of the themes and thoughts that he provokes.
It is because of Dreyfuss as an actor that I was able to watch this film.
His character here is not a good subject for a film because he is a shameless liar, and he never shows a single kind of penance for what he does.
I guess it was interesting to see the formula required in this case, but for good taste, I expected something.
No, this man gives a terrible example for his children and colleagues, and the writer of the film (Charlie Peters) did not include a single scene in which Krippendorf dismisses his children and tells them that he does is very bad.
In fact, it is his eldest daughter who often tells him that he does the bad thing, and he continuously upsets his warnings.
I guess it is important to admit that this is a funny film.
Dreyfuss and Elfman, and many artificial and insults scenes, are added to an image that is anything but boring.
And if you are less serious than me, you will probably appreciate it.
However, however, I cannot exceed these elements.
The Krippendorf tribe is marketed as a family comedy, but it is the kind of film that teaches children of our society defective lessons that they should not learn.
With a little more knowledge of his story and his themes, it could have been a good film.