The Disney's Rocket Man slogan is a spoken by Fred Z.randall (Harland Williams), the clumsy silly computer programmer who has become astronaut who is continuously ravaged wherever he goes.
 "It was not me!"he proclaims many times when the consequences of his stupidity cause disgust for others.
Well, with regard to this film as horrible as that, Williams cannot take back all the blame, but he cannot justify himself with his own simple slogan.
Fred dreamed of traveling in space since he was a young boy, transforming the dryer into a simulation of space shuttle and looking at the eyes wide on a poster of the earth.
At the age of 30, Fred did not grow much, but at least he is a little closer to his goal, now designing astronaut software for NASA.
When an astronaut for an upcoming mission to Mars is injured, NASA calls the person who knows the programming inside and outside to fill the void.
 .
 .
Fred.
Yes, although it is a Cretin obviously Klutzy, NASA does not think twice before launching it in a rigorous training program so that it can help one of the most important events that the space program and theTime itself have ever known.
For the first part of the film, we watch Fred take the training program a bit like an amusement park. He laughs, he shouts, but he never follows once or considers preparation as something other than theChild game.
His passive approach to the program finally leads to many record exploits, to the great disarray of an arrogant counterpart, the commander of the Captain Overbeck mission (William Sadler), who once held records.
Overbeck will accompany Fred with regret and two others on the red planet, one being the astronaut Julie Ford (Jessica Lundy of the stupid), and the other being a chimpanzee who is much more civilized than our antagonent protagonist.
From now on, we are subjected to a lame gag after the other, dealing with the morve, laxatives and flatulence.
You know, film equipment for standard children.
Almost resembling a poor impressionist by James Stewart, Williams is horrible in his first main role.
We have the impression that if Jerry Lewis and Pee-Wee Herman were linked and produced a consanguineous offspring, Williams would be that.
Although he is not as boring as the other actors who are addressed to a stupid and stupid comedy, he is just as unmanageable.
To put it more naturally, Jim Carrey could annoy you more, but this guy is even less funny.
Why ?
Because although it has the stupidity necessary to achieve such a role, its performance is too discreet and boring.
Classic comic hollows were generally unconscious on their own idiocy.
Stan Laurel, for example, was so innocent in all his difficulty that we had immediately loved it.
Peter Sellers, as an inspector Clouseau, was so sure of himself and confident that when he did something as simple as the trip, it was humor to his best.
Williams, on the other hand, cannot get the pity he needs to make us love him in all his anti-gloire.
As for the rest of the distribution, including more important names in smaller roles (beautiful bridges and Shelley Duvall), no one is worth watching.
This is only another example of the fast food equivalent of cinema: mass product, less than mediocre, at the price and difficult to stomach.
Giving him a star and a half is * extremely * generous, but even I admit I laughed several times.
What is amazing is that even in a theater filled with small children, laughter was rarely heard - even children!
I must admit that it gave me more respect for children when they did not cracked each little thing.
Again, maybe they were sleeping.
Some people might think that criticism is hard for children's films, saying that adults are not the target audience and are therefore not intended to appreciate them.
Unfortunately, it is also true that children will appreciate almost anything if it is well presented.
a Two O-HOUR is always taken from a dog with an offense voice could entertain a lot of toddlers, but it would make it as artistic as beauty and the beast, which could easily do the same thing?
And to say that the perspective of a parent is not important is a fairly mediocre theory to have when they are the ones who take children in these films in the first place.