Land: A little boy born in East Germany (named Hansel) loves American music.
One day, he has the opportunity to meet and marry an American G.I., But first, he must make a sex change (enter Hedwig).
Once married, both move to the United States, but quickly then divorce.
At this point, Hedwig begins to write music and meets another confused boy, who soon turns into a star.
This boy also turns his back in Hedwig, and it takes long before Hedwig gathers his own group and turns states via seafood restaurants.
This is the story of his life, told via flashbacks and musical numbers.
Critique: an artistic musical with great songs and a superb performance by John Cameron Mitchell, does not really meet as a whole, with an exaggerated symbolism, an inconsistency and too much pretension to keep my interest throughout the path through.
In fact, it is not so much a realistic look, articulated and behind the scenes on the rise of a rock'n roll star, because it is an ambiguous, too poetic and incomprehensible struggle of a man, of his sexualityEtson Identity as a whole person on this planet.
I guess I expected the first to enter.
The film is somewhat interesting at a certain point, but I have never been able to get too involved, because the symbolic and incongruous basic nature of the film left me cold and distant.
But he is definitely listening to a certain type of audience.
There is a good chance that if you are a fan of the wall, the horror horror rocky or even Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, the elements tangled in this film probably strike you (some of the characters in this film even askTo the public dechant at some point and provide the lyrics of their song, on the screen).
Well, personally, I don't care about these films, and I didn't really have the "show" atmosphere of this film either.
I guess I might have looked at it too literally, but as I said earlier, I didn't care about the characters enough to immerse myself in the "So the butterfly represents its freedom?"
side of things.
All I know is that the film left me many unanswered questions and did not make me feel more fulfilled.
What was Hedwig's relationship with this other member of his group (with the beard)?
What happened with Hedwig and Tommy Gnosis at the end of the film?
 (Was it a real sequence or a fantasy?)
What happened to the trial?
and more ...
All this was part of the film and interested me somewhat.
If the only idea behind the film was that the main character discovers his sexuality, then it is one thing, but as many relationships and situations presented themselves in this film, I also wanted a resolution of these pieces.
I didn't understand it.
The humor of the film did not tickle my funny bone either.
Again, I saw a lot of films in these art theaters in which customers roll in the alleys of laughter, while all I see is a very small piece of fantasy on the screen.
Some of these films are also better appreciated with the additional "atmosphere" of a plant called Marijuana, and I can certainly see how this film inserts in itself some clever visual elements, in order to jazz this experience.
But being sober than me and expect a coherent musical, funny with a transsexual touch, I did not leave the theater very satisfied.
I went out after looking at an existential story of a confused man caught in a musical life style, wrapped in metaphors, dramatic and more questions than answers.
On the other hand, I will certainly have accessories at the head of this film, John Cameron Mitchell, who is also the man who wrote, produced and created the room on which is based, and the tunes, who probably serve byAnyone who digs sex pistols, David Bowie and the whole glam-rock scene from the 70s.
Note: BTW, it seems that Although just about all "general public" criticism in the United States loved this film from top to bottom (and thought it was really funny to start!), You may want to take it yourself.
But that said, the main reason why I started this Dinky website in the first place was that films like this would sometimes be uniformly applauded by "official" critics, while I, an ordinary "job"In the audience, I would not do it was all that it was.
This film is a perfect example of the reason why I continue to write film reviews.
Where does Joblo come from?
Moulin Rouge (8/10) - Grease (8/10) - Everyone says that I love you (5/10) - The opposite of sex (8/10) - Dance in the Dark (5/10)- o brother, whereart Thou (7/10) - Love's Labor's Lost (8/10)