Continue to your convenience concerns the events of the factory of a toilet manufacturer, WC Boggs (Kenneth Williams).
Once they have won an order to make 1000 bidets in two months and Charles Coote (Charles Hawtrey) designed an appropriate model, the employees of the factory put to work but are interrupted by the union representative Vic Spanner (Kenneth Cope) and friend Bernie Hulke (Bernardbresslaw) who calls them in strikes on the slightest pretext.
Meanwhile, the chief foreman Sid Plummer (Sid James) gets tired of his wife Beattie (Hattie Jacques) and his parakeet.
He prefers to live alongside his colleague Boggs Chloé Moore (Joan Sims), but once he discovers that the parakeet can predict the winners of horse racing, it is above the moon and rinse with'money.
His daughter, Myrtle Plummer (Jacki Piper), goes out with the WC's son, Lewis Boggs (Richard O'Callaghan) and this causes a conflict on the day of the staff by the sea when Vic Spanner features for his attentions.
In the end, if the strike does not stop, Boggs will have to close its factory, but the support of a group of women led by the future woman of Coote and the mother of Spanner, Agatha Spanner (Renee Houston), try to solvesituation .
In addition, Sid realizes that his parakeet has only caused him trouble since he began to predict the winners of the horse race.
There are good performances, as usual, Sid James and Kenneth Williams in their standard roles.
Charles Hawtrey is the third invoicing but appears only in a few scenes.
Its share is slightly fun.
Richard O'Callaghan is attractive as bogg stuck son, Patsy Rowlands is funny as Miss Withering, Bogg assistant, and Renee Houston is great in her little game.
However, the only actor honors go to Hattie Jacques as Beattie Plummer.
Although her character is not directly involved in the main scenario, she manages to grasp many pathos and feeling in her character.
A wonderful performance of a wonderful actress.
The film suffers from boring performance by Bernard Bresslaw and especially Kenneth Cope.
In his beginnings in Carrym, COPE suits his role as spanner making him so boring that he is funny.
Joan Sims returns as a romantic interest (instead of Barbara Windsor).
The "usual" part of the Sims as an oppressed wife was taken by Hattie Jacques.
In addition, Bill Maynard as Fred Moore is very poor.
This film continues trying to entertain the spectator: - The locations and the richness of the characters are attractive.
However, the humor of the toilet becomes tiring very quickly and certain performance leaves much to be desired.
This film does not know where it is going.
It was produced in 1971 and Talbot Rothwell, the scriptwriter, seems to be in two spirits to make jokes "bluer" or to maintain the "innocent" success of most of his predecessors.
This is why this film suffers.
A minor film whose main asset is the performance of Hattie Jacques.
The new "minor regulators" such as O'Callaghan and Piper are unable to animate the film and the humor of the toilet becomes without humor after a while.