American Pie 2 is filled with laughter.
But it is mainly cheap built mainly on sexual degradation and humor of adolescents more suited to a cloakroom than a cinema.
I am not prude and I admit I laughed with all the others during the projection of the preview of this suite of the successful comedy of 1999.
But laughter is built on discomfort and embarrassment, and not on an intrinsic humor in history itself.
What separates American Pie 2 from his predecessor is the heart.
From the original, I noted that it was "a warm and pleasant outing on the work to grow".
Well, the chum quartet - Jim (Jason Biggs), Oz (Chris Klein), Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) - grew up.
At least, they are one year old, but do not seem wiser.
Freshly out of their first year of college, the quartet, as well as the odious bite (Seann William Scott), rent a summer house by the lake to attract girls in order to score.
As usual, nothing is going well before the last Mouline.
But what we have left is that five guys spend almost two hours drooling on various young women.
And American Pie 2 is rather degrading for women.
For the most part, they are not shown as an individual.
These are nothing more than potential beneficiaries of too active and raging hormones.
It is revealing that the most normal couple, Oz and Heather (Mena Suvari) spend most of the film trying to have sex telephone - she is abroad on an Exchange student program.
Although he went to university, Jim is still Klutzy and clumsy, uncertain of himself around the opposite sex.
Most falls and humiliations are piled up on him, including a painful episode involving an instantaneous glue substance.
A sequence also involving three of the guys with two young roommates, which the boys suspect of being lesbian.
He is offensive and plays on outdated and adolescent stereotypes to generate laughter.
The first film, despite some hot moments, had an innocent charm.
The rest is more cynical.
He knows what his members of the public predominance and the shamelessly give them want: the many mentions of the Finch meeting with Stifler's mom become a tedious racing gap just like the return of Eugene Levy as a returnFrom Jim, who tries hip of Jim, who tries Hip Eugene.
The only artist who has really given new fresh equipment is Alyson Hannigan like Michelle, the original group group.
In the following, she permeates her character with vulnerability, wisdom and maturity.
American Pie 2 is a pre-sale commodity that will win several million at the box office.
It is a shame, however, that, in his precipitation to ratify the scriptwriter of Bucks, Adam Herz, who also wrote the original, could not have settled higher.
American Pie 2 is funny, but it's always a comedown as well as a disappointment.