I can see a decent sports film that fights to free themselves from "Tout Dimanche" by Oliver Stone.
It is an entertaining film that offers both an overview and an excitement in the Rock-EM profession and professional football sock.
Unfortunately, the director seems to have only one priority in his mind: to spare the film with an assortment of fancy camera maneuvers.
By modifying each frame with a quick flash photograph and a dizzying and stunning assembly, Stone seems to have completely ignored the question of the plausible development of the character and the football policy.
We see glimpse of grandeur, but "everything on Sunday" has his agenda all entangled in the Gobedy-Gobedy Technique.
It becomes tedious and monotonous.
Yes, Stone pulled a Brian Depalma.
Important questions are discarded from the start.
Tony d'Amato (Al Pacino), Miami Sharks coach in difficulty, finds his team stuck in a losing rut.
The aging quarter-arre Cap Rooney (Dennis Quaid) seems to be losing his contact, and Amato does not seem to ignite any passion in his team.
When Cap is injured in the field, and after a patch of improbable events, Qb Willie Beaman (Jamie Foxx) is introduced by the third channel.
Once in the group (and it becomes a ritual in the game), Beaman Horks on the ground.
nerves, you see.
Finally, however, the young young person wins the match for his teammates, triggering his rise in renown in the world of football - approvals, clips, etc.- and Stone attaches us for the Stress and Fury Stress strollBehind the scenes that the company apparently resembles.
And I believe it.
There is an intriguing overview that posed, but in the large scheme of things, the stone gropes the ball.
The problem with the director's visual approach is as follows: he uses extravagant publishing devices when a more conventional approach would have been appropriate.
Football is an exciting game to watch, but Stone seems to think that the public with an assault against the senses will only add to the rush to adrenaline.
I guess he is wrong.
"All Sunday given" is a visual kaleidoscope that leaves the public in a more frequently frustrated stupor than it excites it.
Many football fans (including one with which I have attended) are likely to be disappointed with the way Stone "Ultra-Style" has decided to present the game.
In return, a three -star film unfortunately deteriorates due to the falsification of the director.
In welcome scenes when the visual boost arrives at a break, this actually shows a development and interaction of decent characters.
For example, animated feedback between Amato and the young fiery owner Christina Pagniacci (Cameron Diaz) are pleasant to look at.
There is also a solid performance by Jamie Foxx, which is experimenting with great success in its first trek in dramatic territory.
The stellar support cast includes Matthew Modine, Aaron Eckhart, Lauren Holly, Ann-Margret and Charlton Heston (in an extraordinarily brief appearance).
Unfortunately, too many big names are wasted - a typical disappearance for a film with such a large and experienced distribution.
Pacino makes interesting progress with his character.
You start to identify with the amato coach and the moral for which he is looking for ....
But I often felt that he was only an other thing that Stone could weave in and out of its publishing dynamics.
"All Sunday given" is a watched but disappointing sporting film in which the intrigue and the characters assimilate an excessive cinema technique.
And a very distant rear seat.