The title is taken from the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson describing the life of a traveler like "anywhere. '
There is nothing about this mother-daughter relationship melodrama that seemed honest.
He relies on an artificial minor character to say both the mother and the daughter which was obvious to make to straighten their dysfunctional life, because for any reason, they could not understand it for themselves.
If the film seems familiar, it is because "The Slums of Beverly Hills (98)" has traveled the same field but was lucky to be more comical and insightful due to the performances of Alan Arkin and Natasha Lyonne,in which they were lucky to have a clearer script to work.
Alvin Sargent's script was weak and boring claustral.
The inept direction of Wayne Wang ("The Joy Luck Club") made an even weaker script by its inability to tell the story that takes place without the voiceover concerning what the action could not transmit.
Pushy Mother Adele August (Susan Sarandon) forces her 14-year-old daughter, Ann (Natalie Portman) to leave a small Burg of the Midwest to go to Cross-Country with her in Beverly Hills.
The girl wants him twice divorced, unstable but exotic, the mother of the school, intimidating him to become an actress as a means of escaping a life of humdrum.
The Daqughter does not even like the second -hand mother that Mercedes' mother buys to go to Lala Land in and cannot bear the mother of the Beach Boys records, likes to hear on the car radio.
He therefore becomes a question of who knows the best, because the ladies fight between them, until the predictable sweet end arrives in this yawning.
The dream of Adele of greener pastures in Beverly Hills does not seem as well, because it wins a job in a school of slums, has its precious car scratched by unruly children and settles in a job that'She hates to survive financially.
Pins girl for the small town of Wisconsin and her friends there.
During one of the many arguments with her free -minded mom, they opt for ice cream and while the mother is being ticket, she fled, to be pursued by a copy traffic cop (Michael Milhoan), who offers him a wise lawyer.
With the zen wisdom of the cop spent the girl, she will survive to live in many different addresses in Beverly Hills until she reaches 17, then she plans to go from Mama using her good grades to go to theBrown University instead of the UCLA.
During their stay in Beverly Hills, she became embarrassing at Beverly Hills High to immediately have many high school friends and even an admirer of a rich boy from high school - a T.S.
Eliot reader (Corbin Allred).
But the transition of his life in Beverly's hills had no feeling of reality, because everything seemed staged and without emotion.
When she learns her cousin Benny (Shawn Hatosy), who happens to be her best friend who dies in a traffic accident in Wisconsin, she returns for the funeral and in these reunion scenes, he was not clearWhy she wanted to stay there, and besides, he was never specified why the mother wanted to leave so badly.
The film is a great battle of testaments between mother and daughter for their dreams.
I guess what the filmmaker is trying to say is that mom is a bad dreamer and that the girl is the observer, capable of recognizing the mother's faults when he is not in increasing pain and whoneeds parenthood itself.
Mother has a series of setbacks, like being thrown by her dream dream dentist (Bochner) whom she met on the beach, and by testifying her daughter imitating her optimistic words whining while trying for a game of actor.
But Mother learns that her daughter has grown up and is independent and that she must stop living her life through her.
She learns that when the same wise cop who said to Ann what to do, is about to uncheck her and this time will remind the mother the right thing to do.
Of course, this translates into the end of the chees, showing that mom's heart was always in the right place, only she I went in the wrong direction.
It was only one of those films where you want to be elsewhere only in the theater where this film shows.