Looking at the film, I promised to subtract half a star star because the filmmakers included a saccharin syrup, a cute and computer -generated computer monkey.
If the monkey is dead, the film obtained an additional half-star.
Alas, the monkey appeared at the end, unscathed, to the sickly sound to gag and roll the eyeballs.
This means that lost in space actually deserved 2 stars.
It is quite generous, since the film's camp had no suspicion of language in the cheek.
When Will Robinson (Jack Johnson) teaches his company robot, you are actually supposed to buy it.
So why such a high note?
There are several reasons that have not been able to throw the experience with garbage.
First of all, we saw the film during the opening evening of the first day of operation of a brand new theater.
The sound and the screen kicked the ass.
No one in the country appreciated the film as much as my audience (and I don't necessarily think so in the right direction).
In addition, there were more zero scenes where I found myself rooted for the Robinsons, or to let myself be taken in the tension of the film.
I even liked the parameters generated by computer.
I generally prefer to see models or sets, but the CG was more detailed than I have seen in many films; it seems that someone had a little overtime to make some of the futuristic cities.
In addition, Gary Oldman is never a bad actor, even if he is typical as a villain.
William Hurt is not too bad either.
No actor had a big role, but their performances were observable.
And I may not have to admit it, but something in the tone and the prospects of the film brought me back to my childhood.
There are very few laws or blood; there is a strong moral message, the saccharin too; there is a little romance (whose point peak after 2 hours is a "real" kiss - no sex).
It looked like one of these Disney films that I was looking forward to at the age of six.
These films were probably as bad as lost in space, but at the time, they were from the Heaven manna.
This type of film is a lost art.
Now for the bad news.
The worst and the most unforgivable was incredibly bad dialogue.
It is a pleasure and a family pleasure, which strives to be as trendy as Pulp Fiction.
 "You better hang on to your joystick," is such a line.
And when a Robinson is called upon to deliver a line on the chain conduits, it inevitably stumbles badly enough to embarrass even the lowest Star Trek Ensign.
The second worst, and closely linked, is the scenario.
The exhibition of the story takes place during a press conference, which allows writers to explain what is happening with the least creativity, effort or interest.
Once the story is launched, I concede a momentary explosion of interest from time to time, but overall, the situations that arise are silly and artificial.
When Gary Oldman easily reprograms Will's company robot to kill the Robinsons, my friend summarized it perfectly: "He overturned" evil "."
Then there is the tone of the film.
The Colorado Daily said that the film would have been more interesting if the central character was Will Robinson and not his father John Robinson.
Then it could be an adventure film.
They are mainly right, except that Johnson (Will) was not an actor good enough to do it.
However, the film has the Patriarch Robinson because our hero shows a lack of imagination.
It is not because a film is sufficiently tamed for the children that we must bow to a notion of "promise guards" from whom is the center of a family.
Many quality family films have been made with a non -traditional family structure (the house in mind comes in mind) to a much better effect.
And the policy of the time seems a little conservative and regressive for a futuristic film.
In Star Wars, the rebels were good.
We were rooted for those who were fighting against the system.
In Lost in Space, the reb They are the bad guys, a terrorist force which must be killed, crushed and silenced so that our children can live freely.
This disturbing excuse for violence almost sympathizes with the terrorists.
Finally, some specific details deserve criticism.
The film tells us that the setting is 2056.
Why ?
Why say what year is.
Just tell us that it is the future.
I raise it because the television series was to take place in 1997.
By fixing a specific date, the film only makes the film and guarantees that it will not be timeless (not that this film is really being executed anyway.).
Then there is a scene that shows John Robinson who checks one of his orders on a chair that rises at around fifteen feet on a post.
This idiotic waste of money reminded me of the hair chair of Bugs Bunny and only shows that the future is a time when spaceship designers have learned nothing about ergonomics.
A vaguely redempting quality is that the final credits succeed where the rest of the film failed: it was lost in space.
The strong -beaten techno sampered the most cheese dialogue and, out of context, sounded it from the hip.
This is superimposed on a cool nervous credit sequence with interesting deformed clips from the film.
But if this is the best part of the film, I cannot in all conscience recommend it.
However, if you are stuck to see it, as we have done, you may be able to appreciate it if you keep your distance, remember to love bad movies like a child and bring your cards "Bad Movie Bingo".