Do Disney people haven't any common decency?
They have resurrected another cartoon and transformed it into a live action spinning of expensive special effects, embarrassing writing and slapstick adapted to children.
Wasn't M.Magoo enough, people?
Obviously not.
The inspector's gadget is not what I would call ideal family entertainment.
Young viewers will probably be discussed by abundant awkwardness, but their adult companions can feel a wave of nausea that swept them while trying to endure this appalling exercise of 80 minutes of flagrant stupidity.
The film is poorly published, widely manipulative and the finished product looks like a failed puzzle.
All the elements are there, but the way director David Kellogg accompanies them is laughable and banal.
As a big fan of the lively television show of the 80s, the first thing I have to express is my anger towards the treatment of the main villain.
In the cartoon, Dr.Claw was a frightening and hoarse presence which remained a total mystery for the spectator.
We have never seen his face; he simply sat down in his arm, looking at surveillance cameras and gently caressing his faithful cat.
As a child, I have always imagined what Dr.Claw would appear as - and this curiosity made me look at for many years.
With the release of the film live, the face of this once intriguing villain was unfairly exposed - it is ...
Rupert Everett?!
Only now, Dr.Claw is simply known as Claw ("a word," he explains, "like Madonna").
He sports shiny pliers instead of the steel glove and seems much less interesting than the animated version.
This helps that the dashing Everett is enthusiastic, but it survives the role too far.
When everything is said and done, it was not a very wise decision of the part of the writers - the infamous Dr.Claw was transformed into a Wisecracking game host who makes cheap attempts to be sweet andcool.
He always has his cat, however.
In the title role, Matthew Broderick looks lost.
The actor, although generally outright charming, does not know exactly where to take his character - a fault which can still be attributed to the unfortunate writers.
Broderick first plays a friendly and naive security guard named John Brown, who dreams of becoming a cop and maintaining the law for the good of the people.
He has a crazy crushing for the pretty Brenda scientist (Joely Fisher), who came across a new wave of technology involving the interaction of human tissues and electronics.
But a fateful night, his laboratory is destroyed and his experience is stolen by a diabolical millionaire (Everett) who wants to conquer the world.
John courageously continues the limousine of the crime scene, but loses the pursuit when his vehicle ignites.
In a complete cast, it is chosen to be the first human prototype of Brenda's work; a revolutionary tool for the fight against crime with many fantasy gadgets to send bad guys.
And the inspector's gadget was also born.
As bad as this film is, it has a certain charm in isolated scenes.
Broderick is better played at the Robo gadget, an evil and destructive clone that Claw has released on the city.
And there are about two or three lines of fun punch, the funniest being when the Robo gadget imitates an unleashed monster with shadow puppets on a brick wall, and a Japanese man flees the scene, shouting: "That's why I left Tokyo! '
Unfortunately, the hit of the current gags is around 20 to 1 in favor of not even cracking a slight laugh.
There are so many tired conspiracy additions.
Gadget's talking car (expressed by D. L.
Hughley) is the same type of character as Zoot the costume of my favorite Martian.
Both are lively non -human additions designed to coat the laughter of small children.
Well, it just doesn't work (in fact, Zoot worked wonderfully compared to that).
And don't even go into the V Muls.
It didn't bother me's performance of Everett, but her awkward assistants will cringe with disgust.
The cartoon characters have been reduced to roles of ungrateful support.
Penny (Michelle Trachtenberg) and Brain, the dog now has little to do with the action, and the chief Quimby (Dabney Coleman) lost a considerable call in the transition of animation to live action.
The special effects are everywhere, but not so boring that they will take off your eyes.
The problem here lies only in the script.
Perhaps the next time Disney will try a remake like this, they will invest more in the scenario than the fantasy visuals.
Here is a critic that crosses his fingers anyway.