Based on the novel set in 1914 by Joseph Conrad, Victory turns a story of a pair of lovers, Heyst (William Dafoe) and Alma (Irene Jacob), who are looking for refuge on the isolated island of Heyst.
However, their idyllic world begins to collapse at the arrival of Mr. Jones (Sam Neil), Martin Ricardo (Rufus Sewell) and their servant, Pedro (Graziano Marcelli), who came to steal the looting of Heyst.
While the novel is largely complex in characterization, the film unfortunately transforms the characters of Conrad into dull tracks, the most disappointing to be Heyst itself.
Heyst de Conrad religiously adheres to the modes of detachment and isolation of his late father.
His ascetic lifestyle is questioned when he meets Alma, a defenseless orchestra girl who charms him with her voice.
The struggle to embrace the arrival of Alma in her solitude, however, is lost in the diluted version of Mark Peploe (director and writer) of Heyst.
Without correctly establishing the crucial details of the character of Heyst, all that remains of the main character of Conrad is a very superficial treatment of his internal conflict between detachment and human participation.
On the one hand, updating the subtext is a gigantic task (but not impossible), but on the other hand, Dafoe's flat game cannot be excused as an attempt at stoicism.
In the end, we are supposed to see Heyst give up his philosophy and finally understand what it is to love another.
The final transformation, although perceptible, does not have the cathartic revelation which is undeniable in Conrad's novel.
His absence in the film is unforgivable.
The film seems more concerned with the displacement of the plot when so many things have not yet been said about the relationship between the two strangers.
Alma is supposed to have overcome large emotional barriers in the relationship, namely the underlying philosophy of Heyst's detachment, with which Heyst himself is struggling.
The fight against Heyst’s ignorance of real human involvement explains a large part of the greatness of Alma's love for him.
Jacob, with clear, soft and yet passionate skin, manages the role with precision, detailing the nuances as much as possible.
Unfortunately, it is disappointed by a superficial script.
The couple's relationship is developing too hastily, leaving all the erased subtlety and replaced by a flagrant approach to show-And-Tell.
Everything we know about the characters are mainly explained by their only lines.
It is not satisfactory when so many troubles suffered by the two arise from their buried thoughts and emotions.
The summary manipulation of their relationship stands as cruelly as the American accent of Dafoe (inappropriate since Heyst spent most of his life in London).
The other characters such as Schomberg (Jean Yanne), the owner of a hotel, and Mr. Jones (Sam Neill), are also below the meticulous characterization of Conrad.
While Schomberg should have been more threatening and vindictive, Mr. Jones should have been described as something more an enigma.
The caricature of Sam Neil with lightness, effeminate and soft and soft, canceled the effect provided by Conrad which describes Mr. Jones as "an insolent spectrum on leave of Hades, with skin and bone and asubtle power of terrorism ".
Aside from the characterization, congratulations go to Rufus Sewell for his excellent representation of Ricardo, secretary of Mr. Jones, a reckless Ruffian capable of murder.
Sewell, with his accent Cockney and his great expressive green eyes, becomes the true terror of the impious Trinity, a brain of misleading plans behind Jones' back.
At the same time, we are entertained by the troubles of his plans.
Despite the authentic setting and the wonderful cinematography of Bruno de Keyzer, very few images are left to savor us after the end of the film.
Surabaya and its surrounding islands and volcanoes can have their charm, but does not mean anything once the F Ilm fails to capture the essence of an epic, which victory deserves to be.
The complexities delicately involved in the love story are lost in an inadequate production.
At the end of the film, we are told that Alma's victory may be to teach Heyst how to love.
A hollow victory indeed.
The Flying Inkpot's notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.