Tim Burton has now completed its evolution of the brilliant director of macabre stories on the individuals of the outsets who aspire to acceptance, and in a studio monkey whose name is used as part of marketing equipment on several levels for shit films.
And here he strikes the bottom, with the planet of the apes.
I did not expect much to this last "interpretation" of the classic novel by Pierre Boulle Planet of the Apes.
I mean, how could you go beyond the strength and impact of the original film, intelligently co-scripted by Rod Serling (renown of the Twilight zone) combined with the dominator Heston chuck growled and shouting to these "fucking monkeysdirty ", in one of his roles of his career?
Unfortunately, I sat down to watch the Burton version of Planet of the Apes and in the first 20 minutes, I checked my watch and my girlfriend (a big fan of the original film) started to nod.
This time, the story takes place as a cross between the enemy mine, Braveheart and Project X.Marky Mark Wahlberg, which was pleasant in Boogie Nights and The Corruptter, plays Leo Davidson, a hot stroke U.S.PiloteStrength.
Leo and his crew are looking for a few mysterious magnetic storms (no real explanation given in the film) and Leo sends one of his "intelligent" chimpanzees genetically modified in storms to collect data.
Leo and his crew lose communication with the chimpanzee, Leo jumps into another ship to find the monkey, then it was launched through a sort of green hole of the time space which is blocking on the studio backlotTwentieth Century Fox, all mocked to look like Amazonian Lajungle.
Leo ends up being captured by a group of speaking monkeys and is sold to a slave merchant named Limbo (Paul Giamatti) who in turn sells Leo to a chimpanzee named Ari (Helena Bonham Carter).
The genus Ari then helps Leo and his human compatriots to escape in the mountains to find Leo's ship.
Along the way, monkeys played by Tim Roth (over-acting his role as a vicious general named Thade) and Michael Clarke Duncan (who still improves his career by playing another heavy in a bad action film) S 'strive to track down Leo and his group of human desavages, just like Battlefield Earth!
In the end, everything ends in another human battle scene against the monkeys.
Although Rick Baker's make -up work is incredible, the script is a pathetic hodgepodge (graciously of three writers), the game is horrible, and the end "surprise" looks like a swing of a bullet hammer in the temple.
Wahlberg does not have the physical or mental presence of a Chuck Heston to wear the film or one of his action sequences.
This remake, or reinterpretation, as Tim Burton has proclaimed it, is an insult to the intelligence and the spirit of the original film.
The ethical arguments on the equality of species, fascism and military accumulation have been replaced by enormous quantities of ridiculous dialogue, a narrative structure without imagination and a romance between a monkey and a human.
Even the anti-argument tirade of Chuck Heston (in the Comé de rigor) seems shallow and Jokey.
But the main element missing from this Tim Burton film is Tim Burton.
Even if his name is plastered on each display panel in America, John Badham could have made this film.
Even Joel Schumacher could have made this film.
He should probably have.
The predominant themes of Burton on the rejection, isolation and the search for his place in the universe, as we see in Ed Wood, Edward Sisssorshands, and the great adventure of Pee-Wee, are completely absent in this planet.
I suppose that is what happens when a great director is sucked through a worm hole.