While looking at Loser, it came to my mind that the real genius of Amy Heckerling as a filmmaker.
In quick times to Ridgemont High, she gave us Jeff Spicili de Sean Penn; looking at who speaks, she transformed Bruce Willis into a Sage Baby and provided John Travolta is the first career renewal; in Clueless, sheFound a star vehicle for worship that is (or was) Alicia Silverstone.
She seems to understand instinctively how to find the artists that the public will love despite their faults.
Unfortunately, she can also start understanding that she understands.
Giving attractive actors an attractive script creates sympathetic films.
Giving attractive actors a script in which their attraction _s_ The film constitutes unexpected films like Loser.
Naturally, Heckerling makes his protagonist a versatile swell.
Paul TANNEK (Jason Biggs) is a little boy who obtains a scholarship in NYU, then instantly finds an island of compassion and diligence in the big city in the cold heart.
Paul is the kind of guy who abandons his seat in the metro to an elderly woman; his roommates Adam (Zak Orth), Chris (Tom Sadoski) and Noah (Jimmi Simpson) are the kind of guys who explode their music and have leftTheir water beds run everywhere Paul.
Paul is also the kind of guy who loves girls from afar, in this case the charming Dora Diamond (Mena Suvari).
Dora has her own problems, including a shortage of funds to pay her tuition fees and a relationship with a teacher, Edward Alcott (Greg Kinnear), who is more than slightly unilateral.
These are two conscientious children who love animals and the homeless, so clearly they belong together, even if Paul is a loser.
I must admit that, for a while, I was sucked in by the casting of Heckerling.
Jason Biggs is a engaging artist whose unconventional looks make him even easier to kiss; Suvari is a flirtatious with an intelligence underlying.
They are quite pleasant to look at, and Heckerling gives us many scenes by establishing how nice they are and how their respective antagonists are not.
Then, it gradually becomes clear that there is practically nothing to lose but scenes of this kind.
In theory, the loser is a romantic comedy, but there is hardly laughing throughout the film (notable exception: a cameo of a comic strip actor as a video store clerk).
Instead of taking time to make the situations of the characters funny, Heckerling spends 98 minutes to make the situations of his pathetic characters.
She shows none of the ears for an eccentric dialogue which has triggered Clueless, nor any of the interest of this film for the living conspiracy (not surprisingly, because the intrigue of Cluesless came via Emma de Jane Austen).
She simply transforms the film into a party of pity.
Since the loser is a film composed almost entirely of a character establishment, you might think that these characters would be interesting, or at least slightly complicated.
Instead, you have people so perfect or not redeeming that there is no reason to look at them.
Paul is not only a nice guy, he is impeccable; consequently, he is a central character who absolutely does not grow.
His roommates are not only inconsiderate, they are actively nasty, Professor Alcott, drugs women with rohypnol and generally give a bad reputation to humanity.
And Professor Alcott is not only manipulator, he transforms Dora into a slave of his house.
Dora's thoughtless devotion to Alcott is the only puff of basic human fragility to find in the loser, and even this is not explored in detail.
There is more ambiguity in the 30 -second extract from the performance of Broadway of Alan Cumming as a master of ceremonies in Cabaret, then there is in the rest of the loser, it is one thing to transform theSupport characters in comic exaggeration; this is another to flatten your tracks in an easily digestible porridge.
And that would help if these comic exaggerations were sort of ...
I don't know ...
comic .
always , I spent a large part of the film to hold the ridiculous hope that Heckerling would be in a way the loss of rescue of his boredom and would justify my desire to love Paul and Dora.
This hope has dissolved the moment when Heckerling underlined a Paul sequence in the horrors of unrelated love for "Scarborough Fair / Canticle" by Simon and Garfunkel.
Instead of giving the sequence a wink knowing the graduate to the graduate, an index that Paul becomes too sensitive cliché, the deadly cheek.
Even in the scenes that cry for a light comic touch and a little a blow on the weaknesses of its protagonist, it finds impossible to move away from the Gospel of Paul as Saint.
Cluless's Cher had his self-absorption and manipulative trends to balance her kindness.
In Loser, Amy Heckerling shows a head hand with equipment that requires excavation (his only spectacle of mind implies naming Paul's dormitory "Hunt's Hall" after the former Bowerry Boy Huntz Hall).
His gift with the casting turned out to be his curse.
The loser may be a bore that crashes, but are these two children not swollen?