Spawn manufacturers have created something almost as empty as the adaptation of this summer comic strip, Batman and Robin.
The two films make the mistake of adapting to the screen not only the appearance of their graphic counterparts, but also their monosyllabic dialogue and their motivations of empty head characters.
In the pieces of the size of a panel, the incredible plots and the "Rambo" dialogue are often overshadowed by the work of art, but on thirty feet silver screens, it is much more difficult to reject thedepth behind the pretty images.
SPAWN is ostensibly on an assassin named Simmons (white) who is framed by a business villain (played without irony by Sheen), then set fire and left for death.
Although the film rushes on the next points of the plot, here is what I could determine: said assassin then becomes the chief of the army of Satan, under the tutelage of a flatulant dwarf named Clown (Leguizamo, creaky likealways).
He is renamed, for reasons without the knowledge, reproducing and has granted a really cool costume which allows him to become a human chameleon.
But when spawn spies on a birthday party for his child, he realizes that he cannot be the evil superdemon he expected, and he maintains premature death.
Typical of summer blockbusters, Spawn is a rock video of eighty-minute minutes loaded with effects.
Although the visions of hell are ridiculously roughly (think of the virtual reality sequences of the lawn man), the spawn tenhensile and the action sequences are really something to see.
But the narration is completely lacking in emotion (spawn aspires to his wife, but they do not have a single scene together before Simmons' death!), The conflict (which will triumph is not the assumption), and the credibility (Not what I expect).
So many questions remain unanswered, and I am sure they will not be tackled in the inevitable suite.
Although The Crow: City of Angels of last year has undergone similar problems with its story (which was lazy and somewhat inconsistent), it had an atmosphere to spare and real moments of hypnotic power.
Spawn is a banshee opposite, shouting with a film; these guys know how to graft a comic strip on Celluloid, but they have no idea how to make a film.