It is always a bad sign when the central public of a film - the children - releases early or is half asleep when the credits roll at the end of a film.
This sums up the terrible ugliness of 102 Dalmatians, a soup of cold peas of cute animals, stupid antics at home, a boring puppy love intrigue between stupid humans, and Glenn close by resuming his best impression of Joan Crawford.
Indeed, Walt Disney turns again in his grave, cursing the name of John Hughes for having done the live action 101 Dalmatians, one of the worst children's films of all time, and now its suite.
The main culprit behind the hideist of 102 Dalmatians is his predecessor, 101 Dalmatians.
The original has won more than $ 100 million at the box office, caused a hot collection of "collecting" articles that found themselves for months later in Wal-Marts reduction trash cans across the country,And generally made it that each child on the planet wanted a Dalmatian fucking for Christmas.
Well, it's been about four years since, and the Dalmatian fever returns, and this time it is improved digitally.
Here is the story.
Cruella de Vil (Glenn Close) is released from prison due to the "healing" of her homicide puppy by a Dr.Pavlov.
 (Oh, as it's full of mind.)
She joins the world as a dog of dogs and is assigned to a probation agent, who is strangely turns out to be her victim of the original film.
Cruella then becomes Ella - dog lover - until the intrigue twists, like a dog with her leash taken on the back of a moving truck, and she becomes the diabolical fox again.
An kidnapping plot unfolds again while Cruella decides that she still needs her Dalmatian coat, but she now needs 102 Dalmatians instead of the Dalmatian formula 101 commonly used.
At this point, I made these children who left the theater.
What point Glenn Close and Gerard Depardieu (while the villain of the film) sank into the cinema?
It is almost a sadistic laughable to look closely walking in costumes that seem to be taken from the flash gordon wardrobe.
And Depardieu ...
How can a Frenchman have a bad French accent?
And regardless of the haircut of the toilet brushes.
The only meticulously positive sale argument that I can even think of underline is the bird that speaks with a British accent (graciousness of Eric Idle) who thinks he is a rottweiler.
Now it's funny.