One night, during a torrential downpour that flooded the streets, we went to see - what else - hard rain.
 "So will we all die?"
Sheriff (Randy Quaid) asks in the opening line of history as it evacuates its flooded city.
The answer is more or less yes, but not early enough.
And to add the insult to the injury, the so-called dead, with regret, have often turned out not to be.
It is populated by this bad television equipment of the week is a host of talented actors.
We can only hope that they were generously rewarded for having acted in this desperately confused image.
In addition to the obvious difficulties of acting most of the scenes while dogs paddle in the water, they will all receive black marks on their discs to appear in this gloomy film.
Graham Yost's script serves a cliché after the other for the actors, who fortunately managed to mumble a lot of lines.
The staging of director Mikael Salomon is so confusing that you may find it difficult to understand what is going on.
The presentation confused is exacerbated by Peter Menzies, Jr.The dark and ugly cinematography.
The intrigue concerns an armored car which is stuck in the unleashed water.
On board are the Tom guards and his uncle Charlie.
Christian Slater, who is much better in his tender roles as in the wild heart, plays Tom.
Edward Asner falls briefly to assume the role of soon Charlie.
Coming to their "rescue" is a gang led by Jim, played on the automatic pilot by the big actor Morgan Freeman.
He considers the loot, three million dollars, as his retirement plan.
The whole film is a great aqueous pursuit with the sheriff and his next group Jim and his gang, which are in turn after Tom.
Along the way, Tom takes a romantic interest in the person of a crushed woman from the Crucifix weapon called Karen, played in a completely waxed performance by Minnie Driver.
The action sequences are repetitive and without much interest.
They have a lot of explosions and shots to awaken you.
Christopher Young's without emotion for the film has a single line, which upsets the ear.
The intrigue holes are as tall as those of the dams that break, immersing the city.
The characters have an infinite number of bullets and they must rarely worry about recharging their weapons.
Weapons and ammunition spend most of the time underwater or have been plotted but that always shoot perfectly.
When one of the bad guys drops a pistol in the water, he stays in the same place until Tom swims to obtain it, even if the fast water is so strong that it uproots large trees.
Counting these improbability is one of the most pleasant ways to spend your time while waiting for the characters to kill each other.
The show has a good line, but not printable.
Betty White embodies a constantly authoritarian woman and, when her husband Picé finally told her, our audience roared laughing.
The show ends with an enchanting set of twists and turns.
The best that can be said of the image is that it is simply terribly horrible as opposed to a bad bad.
The hard rain works 1: 37.
It is classified for violence and would be good for adolescents.
 (The two families behind us shocked half a dozen preschool children among them.)