"Flubber" is the second best example of how to remove the whole life of a film remake an adaptation, and the two hysterically were distributed by Disney.
This is the kind of film that can be slightly entertaining for small children, but anyone else will feel excluded because it is boring, slow and incredibly lifeless.
What could be a film with cinematographic magic is rather dead in the water, and it is a shame because it could have been a great film.
Hypothetically, I mean.
 "Flubber", as you probably know, is a Disney Classic remake that I have never seen, "the absent professor of mind", where an absent mind teacher played by Fred McMurray has created an erratic substance knownUnder the name of "Flubber", you know, rubber steering wheel?
The new maintains the basic plot, but seems to have added many others, like more lack of mind on the part of the professor, some other bad guys and several moments of "show", like a big rumba with the Flubber, And some more elaborate configurations, none that makes it really better, but rather aggravates things.
The basic intrigue revolves around a university professor, Philip Brainerd (Robin Williams), who creates a lot, a lot of inventions, but which is unfortunately absent.
In fact, he forgot his marriage to the president of the college, Sara Jean Reynolds (independent actress Marcia Gay Harden), twice before he forgets it again at the beginning.
Doesn't that justify a kind of mental treatment?
Anyway, the day of his wedding (the third), he invents the Flubber, which not only bounces just like a super ball on speed, but can also change shape like extraterrestrials in water in"The Abyss".
Philip believes that this invention, once fully achieved, will save his college, which is threatened with being closed by a millionaire magnate / villain, Chester Hoenicker (Raymond Jwill Wheaton - thought he was dead) goes.
Thanks to a twist of the plot, Hoenicker's henchmen, named Smith and Wesson (Ha Ha - What a great sense of humor this film a) which is played by Clancy Brown and Ted Levine (both who neededFrom the pay check), discover it to the hard, and try to fly for Hoenicker, who wants it just because it is quite bad.
A sub -intrigue implies Philip's attempts to win back Sara, who is angry with him (and for a good reason), but who is seduced by whom is essentially Belloq of Philipencore once).
And in another sub -intrigue, the Day of Philip day robot, Weebo (expressed by the only and only Jodi Benson), falls in love with him.
YUCKITY-YUCK.
What is the most pathetic in this film is how dull it is.
You do not need to be a cynical student to be able to see through this film, which is another in a long line of cheap attempts to make a small money by Disney, who has essentially become the puffy dadThe cinematographic industry, half in the process of half backing the classics (or not-classic) for distribution to the general public, which unfortunately eats everything.
Earlier in 1997, they released "Jungle 2 Jungle", an adaptation of a truly horrible French film, "an Indian in the city", which, yes, improved on the original, but not much.
Disney is about as bad as Warner Brothers at the moment, only in a creative way.
In the precipitation to send a film for distribution, Disney forgot to give a little thing to this film entitled "Magic".
Scenes such as Dancing Flubber, a flying car, a basketball team that sucks almost the flight all around thanks to a carefully placed flubber, and an elaborate end fails to amaze, delight or even make laughpeople.
I was sitting there the whole film in front of the stone, perhaps glowing twice and shaking my head with all the bad jokes.
Who could laugh at a scene where Philip enters the bad class and begins to teach chemistry?
do ' I think so.
This does not help that our protagonist is essentially funny or even really respectable.
Philip is not an adorable teacher absent, just a truly stupid man played by Robin Williams.
Williams is a brilliant comic book actor ... Okay, a brilliant actor in general, but here, he has very little to do, but on the occasion of the hyper over something, and D'Other times act sad.
These times it is not bad.
But what should we think of a man who forgot his marriage three times?
It was perhaps funny and / or respectable in the 60s ...
I like Disney, and I generally like their films, not only animation but live action, and their recent films (except "Hercules", which was good, but not great) was worseThat dull, they were pathetic.
 "Jungle 2 Jungle" is probably the worst film I saw last year.
 "Flubber" is probably second.
What should they do?
Maybe create something new.
Get writers that can write something that is universally entertaining.
Films like "The Parent Trap" and "Mary Poppins" are films that are a live action (or in the latter case a mixture of the two), but even I can always watch them because they are notOnly written to be magical for children, but to be fun for adults.
What could be more tortuous to bring a child to a film that insults you and annoys you every turn?
And my God, could they not have done something else with Edie McClurg?