We could paraphrase the character of Michelle Pfieffer in Dangerous Minds and say that Beyond Rangoon begins with an "A".
It's fairly fair.
All films, like all schoolchildren, should benefit from the doubt.
The chance to succeed.
After all, we like to think that the good combination of talents and efforts can do wonders.
The mountains can be moved and good films can be made.
Yes indeed .
Children fail, just like films.
Just like the last of the director John Boorman.
Beyond Rangoon's success is based on the credibility of Patricia Arquette (Ed Wood, True Romance) as Westerner in Perse-en-Perser who wandered around 1988 Burma without passport.
Although we can endure the light artifices of the intrigue that brought her, it is a more difficult task to forget the actress.
It is light.
Like the first scene (with narration!)
Demonstrates, she does not have * almost * enough range for the emotions that her character - a mother fleeing the memories of a husband and a murdered son - is supposed to show.
It can give a stronger performance than, let's say, Keanu Reeves in a walk in the clouds, by not much.
Beyond Rangoon is a very attractive very attractive film, thanks to the craftsmanship practiced by John Boorman (Deliverance, Excalibur, Hope and Glory).
It makes the story move, it doesn't matter how muddy's story is - or heroin - gets.
But why he chose Arquette remains a mystery.
Maybe he thought that the dramatic weight of history would overcome all casting gap.
But even after an hour of half -stated political declarations and murders of troubled mass, we still know enough what is happening in this country to feel in distress for the characters or their situations.
Empty exoticism.
Beyond Rangoon's technical credits are a curious mixture, combining a lush jungle photograph with poor blue screen work.
The dubbing is also strange.
Made so that some of the foreign characters are less foreign?
And, is it my error, or does the same extras reappear that different soldiers ??
DOO DOO DOO.
[Theme "Twilight Zone", or opinion of the film.
You are the judge.]]