In "The 13th Warrior", Arabic poet Ahmed Ibn Fahdlan (Antonio Banderas) finds himself expelled from Baghdad for having felt the old lady of the king.
With its translator (the legend of the Omar Sharif screen in a small role), Ahmed heads north to act as an ambassador of northern men (Vikings).
He found a group of warriors crying for the loss of their king.
A messenger soon arrives from another kingdom asking for help.
A Sothsayer says that thirteen warriors must respond to the summons, twelve North-North and a foreigner.
Thus, Ahmed becomes the "13th warrior".
During the trip, Ahmed manages to learn the language of the Vikings by listening to their conversations by the fire.
A little eccentric, it's true, but we have to swallow it if this film will manage a few lines of dialogue in the middle of the grunts.
Ahmed, who is called "Ibn" by the Vikings, ties friendships with Herger Le Joyous (Dennis Storh? I) and the leader Viking Buliwyf (Vladimir Kulich).
When they arrive in the other kingdom, the thirteen warriors discover that they are facing an army of supernatural cannibals who live in the caves.
Below, most of the film is battle scenes: cannibals attack the Vikings, the Vikings attack cannibals, cannibals attack it.
 .
 .
Well, you have the idea.
Just to add action, there is also a viking vs.viking duel.
Other films insert scenes between the fights; these scenes are called the development of characters.
I suspect that "The 13th Warrior" had a better script at some point and that it fell through the meshes of the net because of the management of the label team.
The film started in the hands of John McTiernan (you will notice a lot of similarities between "Warrior" and the "Predator" of McTiernan, including the sounds of the Chitter jungle).
Somewhere along the line, McTiernan bailed out and Michael Crichton took over.
Crichton, whose novel "Eaters of the Dead" is the basis of "Warrior", led a little clumsy science fiction assortment "Thrillers": "Westworld" "" Coma "," Looker "," Runaway ".
Their result of their consecutive efforts is a troubled and unnecessary film.
Maybe what "the 13th warrior" needs more than anything else is a bad guy.
The "Earters of the Dead" are a faceless crowd in Blackface.
They have no personality, and in the end, they do not even seem particularly threatening.
The public has no target to channel their assault.
McTiernan should know the importance of an interesting villain; it is his "hard hard" who made the villains seem fun and have attracted stars of big name in evil roles in action films.
 "The 13th Warrior" suffers from a lack of vision.
He wants to be "predator" meeting "braveheart" meets "the magnificent seven" meeting "dances with wolves".
With so many competing goals, all he can do is echo what he could have been.
It could have been a satisfactory action film.
It could have been a beautifully rendered medieval epic.
It could have been a stimulating examination of the meeting of cultures.
What a shame it turned out to be in particular.
Conclusion: If you want to see Antonio swing his sword, rent "the mask of Zorro".