There is a scene in Patch Adams in which the patch is located in the center of a courtroom, surrounded by people who give it a standing ovation alive because of its strong force attack against a group of stoic doctors.
When I noticed that the public with whom I saw this film reacted the same way, I realized that I was going to have trouble finding someone who agrees with me on the quality of'picture.
You see, Patch Adams revolted me beyond all the limits.
I hated this film for every second that I sat down by watching him, and I actively hate him now, a few days later, with the simple, superficial and nauseating images, which forever afflict my memories.
I hate all the elements of the film, starting with the shameless direction of Tom Shadyac, and to the erroneous and poorly managed themes that the scenario desperately wants to transmit.
The wickedness of Patch Adams is astounding.
It is confusing.
I cannot believe that a film can be so bad.
And yet, it's based on a real man who probably has a good point to make.
In the film, Patch is played by the indisfatable and tireless Robin Williams, in a performance of an insulting pathos and a hammer hammer sympathy that I now wonder if it is even human.
At the start of the film, Patch turns into a psychiatric establishment because he does not want to commit suicide.
During his stay, he notices that doctors do not care about patients and that the best way to pass to patients is to treat them as human beings.
Thus, Patch makes a crusade to be a great doctor who really speaks to his patients.
He goes to the medical school, where he meets Truman (Daniel London) and convinces him that he is good to help people.
He also meets Carin Fischer (Monica Potters), the anti-male Med student who just wants to go through movements and be a prosperous doctor.
Naturally, the dean of the Faculty of Medicine (Bob Gunton) hates patch and wants to thwart his plans, even if Patch obtains the highest scores of all his exams.
Patch therefore decides that he will build a free clinic in the middle of nowhere to help people with a problem they might have.
And that, my friends, is the synopsis of what is easily the most odious image of 1998.
At a superficial level, the film is not particularly bad: I would not say that the cinematography disturbed me, and most of the performances seem to be exactly what Shadyac was aiming (I really liked Potter's performance, evenIf it is wasted).
But the film fails fundamentally in execution.
Each scene swells with great "emotional" music, played at a maximum volume just to make us cry very hard.
Take, for example, the first scene, which shows a patch seated on a bus.
We do not yet know the patch, but there is sad music, and it is supposed to make us really sad that it is sad.
Later, Patch makes a lot of progress: he helps a dying patient (Peter Coyote) to enjoy the last days of his life, and music as a patch pushes the reckless patient in the corridors of the hospital is very lively.
And when this patient finally dies (spoiler alert!), The music is very very sad.
But the problem with all of this is that music should not be the center of emotions.
The real drama is based on the characters.
You grow up to love someone, then something wrong happens, and you feel it.
We never know the dying patient; it is simply a vehicle for patch size.
The real drama does not seem forced, or presents what to make the public cry.
This is why Patch Adams is not a real drama.
This applies to each inexpensive imaginable, twisted and dominating tear of each scene.
Even the scenes that have very little impact on the global film are drowning in the disgusting musical partition of Marc Shaiman.
The sentimentality as this is indeed bad.
But it is not as bad as half cooked and simplistic themes.
You see, the patch is a very good stallion ent.
He does his tests without studying, and does so effectively that people think he cheats.
But Patch does not think that memorization of facts is the way to become a good doctor.
 "Why don't we see patients before the third year?"It bursts every three seconds.
Well, patch, it might have something to do with the fact that you need to learn something before going to treat patients.
Not everyone has the ability to memorize facts effortlessly.
Most of us have to study.
And a doctor who really wants to help, but does not know a finger toe, will probably not succeed in preventing death.
Oh wait, I almost forgot: the goal of doctors is not only to "prevent death", but "to improve the quality of life!"
Yes !
It's true !
And you can't do it without studying.
You cannot do it without going to the medical school.
What the patch never seemed to understand was the possibility that perhaps, perhaps just, is a good idea to study first and to speak to patients later.
Am the rules?
Well!
Who needs rules!
Only tense doctors follow the rules.
The real saviors are those who run in hospitals with large red spheres on their face and the puffy yellow pants.
And then there is the problem of the free clinic, which I find shocking and scary idealistic.
A free clinic.
In the middle of the forest.
where patients can be taken to be helped.
free .
How will patients be transported to the free clinic?
Will he have an emergency room?
Or is it just for mental patients?
And who, can I ask, pay it?
The film gives token attempts to question Patch's motivations (I think another character asks him how he will pay for that, in addition to a little bit of jokes on HMO and medical insurance), but they certainly do not explore or have the ideas of patch to a significant extent.
Reader, please understand this: I do not make any kind of judgment on the real Adams patch.
I don't know anything about him.
If his beliefs reflect those of this film character, then I would like to have an intelligent discussion with him about them.
But no matter what the real patch that Adams believes, the themes offered in this film are simplistic and bogus.
And in the last scene, the large compulsory audience scene which forced my lunch halfway from my esophagus, Patch is a lot of cries.
In fact, Robin Williams makes a lot of cries.
He shouts a lot to help people, and many people cry because they are moved by his words.
I will not tell you that you cannot be moved by his words, because I too was moved by his words.
I was moved in such a deeply negative way that I remembered how cheap cinematographic experience can be and bogus.
Patch Adams is the cheapest of them.