My inner flag was half the mastast last year when Nick At Nite withdrew "Dragnet" reruns from the air.
Of course, I had seen them all at least once, but I could always count on at least a few inadvertent laughs of ultra-serious Jack Webb when there was nothing else on television.
Even if "Dragnet" is out of circulation for the moment, we, anti-faans, we always have the D.I., A propaganda piece from the 1950s for the army which is almost as hilarious as the famous episode "Blue BlueBoy "de" Dragnet ".
For anyone like me who laughed while webb fast shooting speeches and serious face, think of D.I.
Like what would happen if the SGT.
Joe Friday has never enlisted, because he plays exactly the same character here, an old fart without frills who watches the young generation with disdain and likes to pronounce melodramatic speeches in the long term on any subject.
During this electoral year, I am more convinced than ever than Webb and Bob Dole were separated at birth.
The film opens in a characteristic way while a recruit after the other strikes the webb office door and enters.
It gives everyone a different series of grumpy criticism before the creation of credits.
The "produced and made by Jack Webb" card goes about saying.
It is his film all along, and after the first twenty minutes of him by chewing his recruits for no reason, I was wondering if there would even be a plot.
I would certainly have been entertained by an hour and a half from the webb rant brand, but the D.I.
gives us more - much more.
Webb's mission is to make a man from private Owens, local vision.
The captain gives webb three days to convert Owens into a marine equipment or, the captain "will personally cut the lace of his panties and ship it myself".
 (The fact that the "Pantes Lace" part refers to Webb or Owens remains unanswered.)
Of course, this gives webb an excuse to concentrate all its energy between legs on the life of Owens a living hell.
For those of you who have not been indoctrinated in the pleasures of webb observation, here is a reprint of a typical monologue.
I cannot duplicate its hilarious delivery on paper, but the words should at least partially transmit what I'm talking about ...
 "Now you listen to me, young.
One day, you will wake up by fighting on a beach and you will take to God that someone is not killed because of your madness ...
I have a title for you: whenever you make one of these little mistakes, you will return and I will be there. "
I could not write all the dialogue reproduced from D.I.
 (Almost all of this belongs to Bad Movie Hall of Fame), but I tried to include some of the most remarkable lines, such as that of the scene where webb takes place from a hard day of work by going to the local bar (where he commands a tomato juice).
He meets a woman who, by coincidence, also commands tomato juice but moves away from a typically stimulating conversation with webb to flirt with his Rival Arch, another Marine D.I.
Webb walks on the table, gets up on her face and says: "What kind of lady do you think you are?"
Bogart is not.
the other D.I.
Gets one of the rare memorable web lines when he admits the girl: "He is a hell of a good d. I.
 ...
I guess I'm just a little jealous. "
Join the club, we are all jealous of Jack Webb's Way with women, which is even more fun in a later scene, while Webb finds its way to the place of use of women, a lingerie store, andis incredibly restored to exposed negligence.
 "You expect me to talk to you.
Here_?! "He exclaims, undoubtedly intimidated by the dam of the bra.
The woman leaves to help a customer, letting webb manage for himself in this estrogen palace.
A little girl spots it in the store and asks: "What are you doing here ... you are A man, isn't it? "
He does not answer, but you know he thinks in his head: "What a strange human species - so small.
Must be one of those children that everyone has talked about. "
This poor girl, marked for life by her first meeting with Jack Webb, would later swear the male genre entirely, just one of the many lesbian conversions for which he is responsible.
The film does not focus too closely on the romance of Webb, it also continues the secondary Owens intrigue with probably the most memorable scene of the whole film, where webb forces its peloton to spend the whole night looking for the ground for aChip that Owens killed during one of the hairy exercises.
After two private people hatch a plan to present webb with bad dead fleas, webb asks Owens: "Have you killed a man or a woman?"
Owens replies: "A man, sir."
Webb shouts in the peloton, "It's not this one!"
That such a scene (with the rest of the film) was supposed to be taken seriously defies the comment.
But we know that everything has been presented with the greatest seriousness when a title card at the end thanks the Marines not only for their cooperation in the manufacture of the D.I., But for Iwo Jima, Guadalcanal and any other major battleof the first half of the 20th century.
Webb held the army in such high esteem that all the soldiers of the film (except Owens) were played by real sea.
Someone wishing to parody this film could not do a job more comical than webb.
It makes all the more ironic (like Raeeyan on the day of your wedding) that man had no sense of humor himself.
There is a scene in the film where guys are on their break to discuss something and one of them is laughing.
Webb breaks out in the room and shouts: "What did I tell you about laughing?!"
To which the private sector replies: "Sir, only nine -year -old girls laugh, sir!"
And let me tell you that I was as happy as a nine-year-old girl watching this film.