a big house .
A great director, Jan de Bont of Speed and Twister Fame.
A large star, Catherine Zeta-Jones, warm trapping heels (6. 5/10) and Zorro.
A great remake of the haunting.
and major special effects.
So what are they all representing?
Unfortunately for us, a big bore!
Land: a doctor from Hotshot brings three insomniacs to an old scary manor for controlled tests.
With the knowledge of the patients, the good doctor actually leads his own cover project which has to do with the psychology of fear.
Critality: this film simply did not scare me.
Of course, it crawled and frightened me a little here and there, but overall, it took too long to go, provided very little meat in the plot, passed his own bedtime, andMainly counted on grunts, marmoning children's voices and exaggerated special effects, to frighten us.
Well, this film did not do much for me.
And they could also have called her the "haunting of Lily Taylor", because she is fundamentally the only character to have a depth, a background or a real reason to be in the house in the first place.
Don't get me wrong, Catherine Zeta was a gentle window clothing (despite my continuous perception of her slight mustache trap), and Owen Wilson was good like the standard "comic relief", but go people, if you are going to do usSit two hours in a theater with these people, how to give them a little more than liners as a dimension.
Neeson was also wasted as an intelligent British guy.
It's too sad, because certainly "the idea" seemed to be a good one (see The Shining (9/10) for an example close to an example of evil badly scary), but the story was thin, the conclusion waslaughable (to be aged.
Well, they were certainly pleasant to look at, but not for a moment, one of them was scary, or even during a fraction of a second, to make me believe that they were more than Hollywood special gadgets.
See it for Zeta-Jones, or if you like the special effects and frightening films that take eternity to start, and provide very little recovery, if not jump and consult the original or ultimate film on the frightening houses of Netherworld,The Shining.
Facts little known on this film and its stars: the actor of Goofy Owen Wilson co-scerated the Indie Rushmore favorites (8/10) and the Bottle rocket with the director Wes Anderson.
His brother Luke Wilson is also an actor who was released with Drew Barrymore for about a year.
Brother Andrew is also an actor.
The singer Lisa Loeb is listed in credits as having described the character of Olivia Morice, but personally, I did not notice it.
It is well known for its single number one "Stay (you missed)" and awkward glasses.
The creaks and groans heard throughout the house were pre -recorded and played during filming in order to bring out a more natural expression of the fear of the actors.
Catherine Zeta-Jones is currently going out with the actor of Flabby Ass Michael "Sex is my life" Douglas.
It is 5'8 ".
In 1998, actor Michael Rapaport pleaded guilty to aggravated harassment of Lily Taylor.
She was ordered to stay far from her and to suffer advice for a year.
Actor Bruce Dern, who plays the guardian role of the goalkeeper in this film, was nominated for an Oscar for the best support actor for his role in returning home.
The director Jan de Bont was born in Holland and began his long career as director of photography on films under the name of Die Hard, Hunt for Red October and Basic Instinct, directed by another Dutchman, Paul Verhoeven.
Actor Todd Field also played a small but essential role in Stanley Kubrick's latest film, Eyes Wide Shut.
He was Nick Nightingale, the pianist.
This film was originally entitled The Haunting of Hill House.