It's time to covered.
After an interruption of about fifteen years, the catastrophe film returned with a renewed zest.
At the beginning of 1997, there were no less than three films on volcanoes alone, one on television and two in theaters, with Dante's Peak and Volcano in heavy competition for the cinematographic dollar.
Of the two, I had heard that Dante's peak was the best film, so I decided to check it when it released on video.
The film begins with a movement scene in the idle of people in a third world country trying to evacuate their small town.
The city is covered with ash and sulfuric water from what we suppose to be a volcanic eruption.
Flamed rocks of different sizes also fall from the sky, crushing houses and people.
We see people panicking, people who cry and even horses stand up.
It is a catastrophe of biblical proportions, signified by a person who hangs a cross on a road.
Symbolism does not become much more blatant than that.
We learn that Harry Dalton (Pierce Brosnan), a volcanologist from the U.S.Geological Survey, was there with his wife when the eruption occurred.
Harry survived, but his wife did not do it.
A few years later, Harry was sent to investigate an unusual seismic activity detected near the little Town of Dante's Peak, Washington (who we are told, was elected second most desirable place to live (less than 20,000) byReaders of Readagazine Money readers).
There, Harry meets Rachel Wando, a single mother of two children who is mayor of Dante's Peak and owner of a small coffee.
Although the mayor does not seem to be alarmed by the presence of a man sent to determine if the mountain next to his city will explode, some members of the municipal council are.
They are afraid that the presence of Harry had frightened an investor who is committed to putting millions of dollars in the Dante Development peak.
They prefer to have news of possible energies in the neighboring dormant volcano swept under the carpet.
However, when a young loving couple takes on a lean soaking in local hot sources, he presents himself cooked by lava which bubbles with a small crack below.
Thus begins a chain of events leading to the inevitable eruption.
This film contains a number of shots.
The loving couple is one.
As soon as they remove their clothes, you know they are going to die.
The occupied city and the abrasive stepmother appear, just like the dog defying death.
Countless familiar scenarios are only used to make this film very predictable.
By watching the film, I was able not only to anticipate each of the main elements of the plot, but also part of the dialogue.
Unfortunately, because a large part of the dialog is terrible.
For example, Harry's boss, Paul (Charles Hallahan), and a team from the U.S. Geological investigation joins Harry to assess the situation.
Paul essentially says to city dwellers that the predictions of the eruption of Harry are not alarm reasons.
This means that Harry goes into a rage crisis, only to present himself the next day, ready for work.
When Paul asks Harry why he stayed, he said with a dark determination: "Cause of the troubles of this city and I am the best man you have."
Even better, it is when Harry tries to explain the need to shake the residents in the departure.
He compares the situation to the way a frog will jump if she fell into a boiling pot of water.
If the frog is in cold water which is gradually heated, however, the frog will not move and will allow itself to cook.
 "Is it your frog soup recipe?"
asks one of the team members.
 "It's my disaster recipe," says Harry.
Dante's Peak has a singular talent to underline the evidence.
Our heroes are in a boat in the middle of a lake that Harry realizes that volcanic activity has turned into acid.
Mayor Wando demonstrates his brilliant deduction powers by proclaiming, in a very serious tone, "Acid eats metal".
Thanks for the advice .
let in n We first see the U.S. Bâtiment of the geological investigation, there is a legend label it as such.
It would not have been so bad without the fact that the legend is just above a panel on the building that can be read, in large letters, "U. S. Geological Survey".
I guess legend is for people who cannot read the signs.
Although Harry and Mayor Wando become an element at the end of the film, the spectator did not know why.
There is a serious lack of chemistry between the two characters, and the relationship seems to be precipitated because of this.
When they get closer to kiss him, I wondered: "Why do they want to kiss?
Were they even attracted to each other? "
If I were the mayor, I would certainly think twice to kiss a guy who does not even crack throughout the film, trying to remove the raw and uncomfortable act.
Who does he think is?
James Bond?
The eruption of the volcano also feels rushed.
There are several "warning signs" before the eruption itself, but they are so dull and without suspense that we do not have the impression of leading to anything.
For example, one of the members of the investigation team heads for the volcano crater in order to recover a controlled distance robot.
A tremor occurs.
Does he plunge back into his death?
Is it engulfed in the lava that pulls from below?
No, a few rocks fall on him and break his leg.
The only goal of this scene seemed to be to set up the rescue scene of the following Chopper, which, I suppose, also had to be dramatic.
This was not the case.
A route thread gave significantly the suspension was the investment in the city of Dante's Peak.
In a disaster film, there is generally a guy who is quite greedy to cover the possibility of eruption / fire / earthquake / explosion / tsunami / tornado / meteorite, and is generally killed by disaster.
It's good, of course, because we all think he got what he deserved.
If you are going to be non -original, you might as well go to the end.
In the Dante summit, the members of the municipal council are concerned, but they don't really try strong enough.
Maybe the mayor's abrasive mother-in-law should have been the only one.
For no apparent reason, she switches to Harry for having even applied that the volcano could burst.
Perhaps his ancestors have invested in certain real estate of Pompeii.
There are some good things about this film.
The first is the landscape.
There are panoramic photos of forests, lakes and mountains that are absolutely magnificent.
The second is the special effects.
They are the closest that I have never seen a real pyroclastic eruption.
But when elements that do not speak will be the best parts of your film, you would probably be better to rewrite the script.