Capsule: In 2176, on the police on the planet Mars in detention, an accused murderer faces the threat of the title.
There are a lot of fights and not a lot of history otherwise.
John Carpenter takes up so many ideas from his previous films, in particular Assault on Precinct 13, that the new film presents itself as its tribute to itself.
 , 0 (-4 to +4).
John Carpenter apparently believes that the action scenes in which people fight something horrible are the same as horror scenes.
For a writer and director of horror films, supposedly expert of horror, it is a very bad mistake to make.
Ghosts of Mars is called a horror film, but it is more just a stretched fight between humans and a surprisingly low extraterrestrial threat.
In addition, if someone only John Carpenter had made March ghosts, Carpenter would have land to continue.
This film is just lots of songs from the assault on Precinct 13, The Thing, and Prince of Darkness.
It is, in fact, surprising that Carpenter has managed to integrate so many pieces of his previous work in this film in such a new way.
But it still doesn't make a very good science fiction experience.
Ghosts of Mars takes place in 2176.
Mars was mainly terraformed so that humans can walk on the surface without respiratory equipment (which is good for the film's budget).
It is never mentioned, but gravity on Mars has been increased in one way or another for normal land, which facilitates filming.
The company has changed a little at that time, but it has advanced surprisingly little.
Apparently, culture has changed so that women are much more in control positions.
And from the point of view of Carpenter, the women really made a waste.
The company has stagnated under the control of women, so that beyond certain minor technological advances, the company has changed less in 175 years that we do not expect it to change in ten.
The basic intrigue of Ghosts of Mars has a lot in common with that of the assault against the Precinct 13, except that the Precinct 9 (yes, the district 9) was replaced by a small, dilapidated martian colony somewhat sticky.
Instead of having the criminal "Napolean" Wilson, this film has the criminal "desolation" Williams.
Instead of facing thugs with automatic weapons, the police are faced, well, Mars ghosts.
Because ghosts are somewhat foreign in nature, they should behave in an extraterrestrial manner, but they behave essentially as human savages, in another laps of imagination.
The story is told in Flashback, Flashback in Flashback and Flashback in Flashback in Flashback.
Ghosts of Mars takes place entirely at night and is filmed almost entirely in tones of red, yellow and black.
Carpenter manages to give us a powerful opening scene, showing a mining train rushing through Martian night to the sound of music with a heavy rhythm.
Unfortunately, the following is not really up to the accumulation.
The terror it creates is a little too like fleeting aspirants from the rock Kiss group.
His idea of building the suspense is to have a bunch of sudden jump scenes that aspire the spectator, thinking that something scary is happening and then turns out to be something boring.
These are standard haunted cinema shock effects that require no big talent to give the public.
CGI digital beheadings are a bit recent but not impressive in certain fights.
In a short period of time, we saw the Mission's release to Mars, Red Planet and Ghosts of Mars.
After Mission to Mars has been swept away too much criticism, it seems better and better over time.
I note the ghosts of March A 4 on the scale 0 to 10 and a 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.
After the film, I showed my wife, who loved Mars ghosts moderately more than me, the classic carpenter's assault against Precinct 13.
His comment is that he saw twice the same film.