Welcome to your typical OH-SO suite.
He tries to be twice as large as his predecessor, but ends twice as shallow.
shallow .... hmm ... now there is an idea.
Perhaps if the unhappy cruise liner in this film had struck a shallow reef from the start of things perhaps better.
The first thing that struck me ... and
surprised me, was that the work of the camera (for the opening sequence anyway) was terrible.
It looks like the cameramans were drunk and continued to trip on their own feet ...... very
different from the original film.
characters ?
Well, not many characters had * characters *, but here is an overview.
Annie, who was the highlight of the original, had to seriously bang her head in the train accident at the end of the first film.
Why ?
Because something must explain that it loses so many Qi points.
Even if Annie was not exactly a rocket at speed, here some of her actions just make you want to fight your head against a wall.
For example, after having managed to use a chainsaw to cut a hole in a door so that a group of people can escape harmful gases - it is held in the middle of the opening for about five minutes until someoneOne reminds her that people cannot get utjus to what she knows the chainsaw of their faces .... slamming
Bang Bang
In fact, the character of Sandra is transformed into a little more than one of these Extras Scanned of Hercules, who must constantly be saved.
Jason Patric?
All I can say is to bring Keanu back.
Keanu Reeves could have the emotional range of a tree strain ... but
It is a stump more than Jason than Jason.
I don't think he has changed facial expressions all film - Jason, smile for cameras !!
Now frowns! ... I said to frown .... oh ... you are ... slamming
Bang Bang ..
Wood does not describe the performance of these guys, but it will be necessary to do it.
the villain ..... ahh ... William
Dafoe - There is a shiny blow.
How can you be mistaken with the star of this recognized classic, corpus of evidence?
 (Yes, it's sarcasm).
His maniac in the wide eyes of a character does not start too much harm .... but
Go regularly as the film progresses.
In the end, he degenerates to hunt Annie for a hostage, even if he already has the money and can escape .... slamming
slam.
Although I would like to give this film a double thumb, there were beautiful sequences.
Since the film costs more than $ 100 million - you hope there would be at least one couple.
The real pop-pop for me, even if it was given in the trailer .... slamming
Clap ..... was the sequence where the cruise liner withdrew the oil tanker.
It looks great and I was very surprised to learn that the cruise liner was .... completely
Computer generated!
Wow .... I
Do not think of having ever seen a CG model seem so real before.
The sequence where Jason Patric is trying to deactivate the propellers under the ship is also great, and the only time during the whole film where you have this feeling .... Speed.
This lack of speed affects many sequences.
Like the part of the oil tanker ..... it was - "Oh no, we are going to hit the oil tanker!",
20 minutes later - "Oh no, we're going to hit the oil tanker!"
20 min .... you
Get the point.
This film failed simply because it was not up to its name ....
It was very little feeling of speed.
In the original film, the main characters had to make second second decisions to survive ..... In this film, it looked more like - "Well, we are going to run on this island in a few hours - I couldwalk in engineering and see if I cannot turn off the engines ... i 'm
Pass the cafeteria on the way, can I get something? "
The end of this film is really terrible.
Even if he presents what I have discovered since is one of the most expensive sequeurs Never in a film - it just doesn't work at all.
The part where the lining crashes through the city seems very realistic, but .... surprise
Surprise - It just takes Waaaaay for too long.
He seemed to last for 15 minutes before the ship finally stopped.
One thing that struck me like an extremely poor script is that when the ship crashes through the port and the city, about 25 people are killed by the ship .... and
There are only about 15 people on the ship.
So when he stops healthy and healthy and the characters all applaud - the public is seated and think - "Wait a second ... It's a happy moment because?"
Bang Bang
Then there was the dog ..... I
Almost fell from my seat when I saw the piece with the dog dodging the falling debris.
Putting a dog in danger has become the ultimate Hollywood photo ...... Each
The film seems to have a sequence of "dog in danger" - Volcano, Dante's Peak, Independence Day, Daylight, Twister.
lost world ...... etc,
etc .
This film is a perfect example of how not to follow.
The director Jan de Bont should try to watch the moose film and this one consecutive and see if he realizes where he turned badly.