ONTRASSE - Wendy (Samantha Press), jazz singer, loves Mack (Hugo Race), a criminal and Wanna be singer who plans a banking burglary.
Mack is also at the tail of a few cops, one, an inexperienced recruit (Dominic Sweeney), the other (John Flaus) a worn veteran who frequents the Wendy jazz club.
They are downwards because it has an audio breakage that can show evidence of government corruption.
Meanwhile, Wendy's sexual sister, a fifteen-year-old sister (Rebecca Elmaloglou) moved with her, and secretly looks at Mack and Wendy's LOVE LOVE's appointments?
The review: main problem first - about 2% of Rood Rock Star conversions to the actor in Filmdom really work.
Unfortunately, try to launch Hugo Race as a violent and sexy criminal enters the category "What the Hell where they think" which occupies 98% of the others.
But, hell is not as if it were the only problem in this well -intentioned Australian thriller but ultimately lower than the average.
The tracks, the race and the Samantha press are made of wood and dull, hampered by unhappy attempts at sexy dialogue from the start.
Although they manage warmth later in their love scenes, helped, without a doubt, they keep the mouth closed.
The film suffers whenever the story goes to these two.
This is unfortunately, the other main story is not big Shakes either.
The second part, concerning two cops, political corruption and this elusive band is incredibly confused.
At many points in the film, I had no idea what was going on, a situation that did not improve repeated visualization.
There is no doubt that the Achilles heel of this film is its script.
As for the rest of the distribution, it is a mixed bag.
John Flaus, one of the most underused players in Australia, is in great shape as a flour flour of alcoholic jazz fans, who may or may not have sold the most offering.
Although he vacillates at one point, when the script calls him to go on stage and to deliver a drunk beat sermon, but believe me, they were written, no one could have removed it.
Dominic Sweeney is fine, although he seems uncomfortable in front of the lens, but he really doesn't have much to do.
Pre-house and outside, Elmaloglou is quite good as a curious Jojo, but his character seems strangely to the story, well, at least to the final scenes.
I must admit that, in Too Deep, has impressive qualities, the least of which is not a visual element.
The filmmakers Mark Gilfedder and Peter Zakharov reached the almost impossible by making Melbourne look like a tropic city soaked in sweat, which is like transforming London into San Paolo.
The bar is an oppressive red, as all its customers are cooked while they drink, outside the misty orange during the day and fresh blue at night.
If only Deborah Parson's script would have better supported this idea.
Having two directors (Colin South and John Tatoulis) does not help either, the most obvious example of which is the scene of remuneration / final combat, where for any reason, the camera is moving away from action'Screen, and more importantly, it is not on anything else.
It remains static because the fight occurs in the distance.
He has no reason; it is just a bad direction.
And, in the end, this is what sums up too deeply, he tries to be good, and you want it to work, but, it just lacks the talent behind, that he must succeed.