Operating time approximately 1 h 40 minutes
examined by Jack Choo
Notation:
The film begins with an opening sequence rather se7en-ish, rather cool and puts the mood for things to come.
History propels the public into a neo-reality; a little very close to the conscious but lactéed reality with strange shades of blue and red.
Existez is actually the name of a new virtual reality game.
Supposedly, VR games are very popular, as considered as a legal drug in this neo-reality.
 * * * * (Leigh) is the ultimate creator of games and presents his ultimate gaming experience in the form of exisnez.
Players must have bio-sports integrated into their spine, which connects to a game game in order to enjoy the immersive experience.
During a secret meeting of teassières beta-tests for this new game, an assassination attempt * * life occurs and it fled with its other bodyguard * * (law).
 * 11 The assassination attempt.
As they soon find out, they are transported between realities within existence by discovering more than what they initially expected.
Exist everything that Cronenberg-Gore expected from him.
Even so, this film is not close to its cult classics such as Videodrome or Scanners.
Not even half as suspense as the commercial success of the fly.
Existent can probably be considered its version of the 90s of Videodrome, even so, it is a bad follow -up.
While in most of his famous films, his penchant for Gore has always struck the good note with the theme of the film and the intrigue.
In Extenz, bloody sequences are not more attached to the spirit of the film and seem to be an act of over-indulgence than anything else.
Jennifer Jason Leigh and Jude Law, both laudable actors, seemed distant and missed throughout the film.
The script and the theater barely remove the film from the grade B category.
It was obvious that Cronenberg worked on a really tight budget and it seems that it has managed this very well in the design of production and the values created for this film (the opening sequence, however, has probably formed partconsiderable budget!)
Which is actually quite good.
The exissez is too predictable and cliché in these times.
10 years ago, it would be another classic for Cronenberg.
However, Cronenberg fans (these people who like to see friends hurting themselves on the film on the film) should not give a lack of this film because a form of appreciation can still be offered by you.