Ahh yes.
teenage romance.
An attractive young casting is opposed to an improbable scenario that could only occur in the films, and in the end, the guy still gets the girl.
And with the arrival of the escape, it is all that "last year (followed by a long catalog of imitators, including` 10 things that I hate about "and" Drive Me Crazy ")), the genre before on support for life is once again a hot marchandise.
Towards you, go "to you" now.
The people of Miramax obviously try to capitalize on the rabid cracking "She es all that" with their latest project, which has the Studdly Freddie Prinze Jr.attaché and everything.
Only "to you" does not have the unlikely scenario mentioned above.
It is an extraordinarily ordinary romance - a dull and unattractive teenage comedy that sticks to the boring game plan to which we are used to.
This is the kind of romance that only 12 -year -old girls enriched will find convincing.
In strictly fashionable manuals, the second year student and the aspiring chief Al (Prinze Jr.) meets the first -year artist Imogen (Julia Stiles).
They succeeded as a couple only in the films.
From there, it is the standard of boys, boys, boy losses, boys-boys-boot-shampoo and Mai-Ou-Ou-ne-Gall-Back.
The intrigue is conveniently assembled to meet the requirements of the main characters, which frequently participate in activities which ....
Well, only occurs in films.
Fortunately, the distribution of "Down to you" has a certain call.
Freddie Prinze Jr.and Julia Stiles is an adorable couple, and when they are on the screen, they radiate the kind of warmth and charisma that the film should have concentrated.
Zak Orth, as a newly achieved porn star monk, shows an undoubted flair with the management of all the intelligent dialogue of the film.
Shawn Hatosy (The Faculty '), Selma Blair ("cruel intentions") and Ashton Kutcher (TV's "That 70's") are completed overall), Selma Blair (`` cruel intentions'') and Ashton Kutcher.
Even the Fonz himself - Henry Winkler, the quintessence of anxiety and nostalgia for adolescents - has a welcome role as a father of Al, the host of the popular "chef Ray" cooking program.
Perhaps the concept of "down" looked well on paper to draw such a crowd.
As a feature film, however, the finished product is bland and insipid stuffed animals with only an occasional puff of kindness to prevent the gears from stopping entirely.
Maybe the worst of everything, "to you" is not funny.
The jokes are taken from obvious sources and the resulting humor is commonplace and without inspiration.
The characters on the screen, often laughing at wacky / embarrassing antics, seemed much more amused than the public.
Even Giggly's girls of 12 years old had agitated towards the end when they were impatiently waiting for the formula to exploit its course.
The slightly intelligent unique segment featured Winkler and Prinze Jr. In a fantastic sequence called "Cooks", a "cop" takeoff in which the father and the son would be trains and would cook a decent meal? Families in need (with the'Help of a fully brazed swat team, of course).
When it is the highlighting coil, you know that the remaining film could leave something to be desired.
In order to operate a comedy for adolescents, you must have characters who show something by depth and identity.
`` 10 things that I hate about you 'featured characters who were more than walking flashcards, and the result was refreshing.
No luck with "to you".
It is just a manual romance where, despite the absurd circumstances, everything will finally work at the end.
And at the end of all the cliché? D test, the most beautiful thing you can say would be "....
only in films ”.