In China in 1982, I turned the tables of our national guide and asked him if he had questions about America.
I guess I expected a kind of political question.
Instead, I was reprimanded by what was most in mind.
 "In America, are the wives and their mother-in-law well?"
He assured me in China that they did it, but I am sure that if it was true, he would not have asked.
Even in China, people seem to have problems linked to intention.
Perhaps some of the most difficult relationships in life occur when families are suddenly unifying by marriage.
A man trying to relate to his new potential new parents and vice versa could be the basis of a very strong comedy.
Meet the parents, however, does not demonstrate this fact.
Greg Focer (played by Ben Stiller) has been going out together and lovers of Pam Byrnes (Teri Polo) for ten months and is now ready to offer him.
He will do it during a visit on weekends to meet Debbie's family and attend his sister's wedding.
From the start, the relationship is embarrassing between Greg and Jack and Dina Byrnes (Robert Deniro and Blythe Danner).
Without fault on his part, the airline has lost Greg's luggage.
And he must ask to borrow clothes.
This is the start of an increase in which Greg is almost always fashionable.
As the games take place on Greg is more and more uncomfortable and uncomfortable, which only contributes to the errors he makes.
Greg plays a game he does not understand, in a league in which he is new.
But perhaps along the way, he will discover unexpected secrets on his stepfather.
This film had a potential in its story of an increase.
He struck a situation that many in the public can find familiar - one that has not been too frequently in the films.
But the script of Jim Herzfeld and John Hamburg is a little too artificial.
Too many coincidences in history work against Greg.
The script could not decide whether the main character was incompetent or simply unlucky.
Admittedly, he does not help his situation by doing everything, he could, but even when he tries to do the right things that nature conspires against him.
There is an unequal mixture of sequences of slapstick and human comedy.
Admittedly, the last part of the film seems awkwardly written.
The main reason to see the parents meet is to see the performance of Robert Deniro.
Deniro plays the suspect father and not a little fascist as well injured and threatening as they can.
The small expressions of judgment on his face are a spectacle in itself while Greg is widening more and more deeply in his insecurity.
But we don't really see much to dig.
Ben Stiller is an affable presence in the film, but does not really withdraw by playing the role of Nébrasse to whom so many bad things happen.
It's nice to see Blythe Danner on screen again.
But her character has a basic conflict between a basic decency and her love for her husband and the script should have given him more to see with that.
Randy Newman wrote a fun score.
In the first seconds of the film, he did something creative that I have never heard a film score do before.
There is a lot of source music that is popular music from the 1960s.
This is probably what the superior class listens at least to someone's imagination.
The humor is subjective and some this film received favorable comments.
But it is a comedy that only works occasionally for me.
I should assess 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.