A remake of the 1978 Warren Beatty vehicle "Heaven Can Wait" (which in turn was a remake of "Here Comes Mr. Jordan"), "Down to Earth" tells the story of Lance Barton (Chris Rock, "Lethal WeaponIV "), a young black stand-up comic strip trying to conquer the public at the Harlem's Apollo Theater.
When he is taken to paradise prematurely by clumsy Keyes angels (Eugene Levy, "Best in Show"), his only recourse is to return to another body.
He chooses that of Charles Wellington, the tenth richest man in the United States.
Of course, Wellington is not only rich, but white and 53 years old, which applies spear to end the night at the Apollo, as well as her desire to court Suntee (Regina Taylor, "Jerry Maguire"), a bitdelicate.
The original script of Elaine May / Warren Beatty was reworked by Chris Rock, launches Crouther, Ali Leroi and Louis C.K.
To transform Beatty's vehicle as a football player in the rock vehicle as a comic strip and add racial humor.
As led by Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz (Codirectors of "American Pie" and Costars of "Chuck & Buck"), the whole case presents itself as an amateur hour.
The initial scenes play as filmed line reading rehearsals.
Production values are of poor quality.
The most serious of all is the use of rock when his Wellington counterpart would have been more appropriate.
This problem is clearly due to the fact that old white is never synchronized with the lip or action when it is on the screen.
Rock has the chance to make funny SCHTICK, like his reversal on Wellington's plans for a poor neighborhood hospital ('Bullet in the Head?
You have a bed! '), But it is uneven when it interacts with the rest of the distribution.
Regina Taylor is doing well in the midst of mediocrity as a young activist who ends up falling into a fall for the man whom she believed to be her sworn enemy.
Frankie Faison ("Hannibal") is also good as Whitney, the spear compassion manager - the only human who made the current of the spear bodily switch.
Chaz Palminister and Levy are roughly wasted as Ambassadors of the sky.
Another former student of "Best in Show", Jennifer Coolidge, is poorly used as the cheating woman from Wellington (and shown several days apart bearing the same outfit?!) And Greg Germann ("Ally McBeal" on television, "Sweet November") continues her sitcomracines like her lover and her husband's lawyer.
Mark Addy ("The Full Monty") is cruelly underused as Cisco, the English false butler of Wellington.
Flying the show in each scene in which she finds herself is Wanda Sykes ("The Chris Rock Show") as well as Wellington's unhappy maid.
 "Down to Earth" is reserved for fans of Chris Rock.
All the others should go rent "Paradise can wait" or really be brought back to earth.