"Have you ever heard this one on a movie so bad that it brought a guy out of the theater, shouting?"
Obviously, the producers of Columbia Tristar did not think that we had sufficiently suffered from the first episode, and therefore to finish completely, they have now published "Urban Legends: Final Cut".
This is another "Scream" feature, simply composed of recycled materials of the scams of the most useless films of all time.
Amy (Jennifer Morrison) is a cinema student who frequents a film school filled with inspiration -free cinema students who have no idea what to do.
But just when she reaches the half of her latest half to the film program of the prestigious university - where the best thesis production of each year won the coveted Hitchcock prize, a one -way virtual ticket for the success of'Hollywood - She has a fortuitous meeting with the SECURITYLE Gardien Reese (Loretta DEVINE), whose story of a series of murders based on urban legends in another Inspire Amy university to try it to a fictitious thriller organized insimilar lines.
Soon, false - and real - blood begins to flow, and Amy is driven by Scary Killer, while her casting and her crew kill each other, one by one.
is the culprit the original murderer of urban legends, just a random psycho,!
A member of the faculty, one of his competitors for Hitchcock, or is there something more stupid?
This is another of these tired and useless slasher teen films: neither scary, funny nor interesting.
It simply lacks the ability and the story of entertainment.
The body counts and the cries continue to grow, while the low level of intelligence sinks quickly.
In fact, watching movies like that after watching "Scary Movie" is impossible to keep a serious face.
Several times, I tried to prevent myself from laughing, without succeeding.
And then I realized that almost the whole theater laughed.
It is the same thing that was told and told and told many times as if it was the revelation of the century.
How many times should we tolerate the same shot that has haunted the genus Slasher since birth?
It is so many movies on masked killers that most of us have developed an allergy for them.
These are the most stupid films, devoid of meaning, predictable and soulless.
However, director John Ottman manages to make "urban legends: the final cup" in one of the worst achievements of this kind Godforsake.
What was done with a feeling of redemption for past failures and irony in "Scream", Ottman takes seriously.
For this reason alone, it is worth seeing, just to realize how bad a film can be.
It is difficult to find comparisons for such a success, and we have to dig into ancient history to find a film that would correspond to its intellect.
Even films like "Lost in Space" and "Mission to Mars" seem spectacular in its shade.
We have not seen such a waste of T!
IME and resources since "Showgirls" (1995).
It doesn't matter how much I tried to find positive elements in this so-called production, I didn't do anything, except the way the killer was dressed.
Here, I think I have to complete the Trysha Bakker and Marie-Sylvie Deveu costumes, which wisely replaced the crispe mask well known with a very elegant fencing mask.
Jennifer Morrison ("Sign of Echoes") is fine, and the best achievement of other actors is to keep a right face when pronouncing the words of the script.
In fact, the only thing that is terrifying about this film (with the exception of its script) is its representation of film schools.
If these graduates will be the directors of the future, Hollywood gold days are over.
Rumors are already spreading on the Internet that Columbia Tristar is already developing a third episode.
Hopefully and simply pray that it is only an urban legend.