I really remember having enjoyed this film when I saw it years ago.
I guess my memory is really zero.
There is very, very little who is funny in Caddyshack.
The laughs are rare, and far, and what is really is not great.
Caddyshack, as its name suggests, focuses more or less on a young shopping cart working in an exclusive country club.
Michael O'Keefe plays dit Caddy.
Why they threw this unknown and rather untransicing actor in the main role completely exceeds me.
The film does not seem to have a real intrigue, just a series of scenes that are hardly more than opportunities for the rest of the distribution to be silent on the camera.
The only real story, if you can call it like this, was a secondary intrigue involving the caretaker of mentally mental lesions, Bill Murray, who has his own little private war against a gopher who ruined the course.
Most marginal laughs come from Rodney Dangerfield and Ted Knight Aggression and Surraction for the camera - with painfully limited success.
Bill Murray is slightly fun in places, but quite wasted.
The biggest waste of all is Chevy Chase, who has not even cracked a smile on my face with the generous approach of his character in the golf course.
There are a few decent scenes involving the interaction between Dangerfield and Knight, but they are far too rare to wear the film.
I guess that is what you get to base a story around an unknown child.
I do not know what the writers of this thing thought, but I really think it was something from the comedy because they put the pen on paper.
Nothing on this film works.
He would not have taken a genius to understand that this thing was not going to fly.
Most scenes just couldn't be funny.
It is as if writers where in their own little world have damaged the brain.
I'm sure the scenes involving Chevy Chase and his unit with the golf ball were supposed to be funny.
In reality, they were painfully embarrassing to watch.
There is a scene at the club's swimming pool where all the caddies are unleashed for the "hot girl" of the film who passes in her bikini.
Olive oil would have filled this swimsuit better than this girl.
Everything in this film was simply improbable with regard to comedy.
Perhaps if you were drunk with your mind or you get away from a kind of illegal narcotic, this thing could be funny.
But for the rest of us, get away from Caddyshack.