I think it may be time for the Batman series to rest.
Not only do the first two films have a disturbing overview of what it would really take to someone to make an abandoned "superhero", but this one throws any persistent realism by the window and opts for an all-out campWith few traces of traces of traces the self-moving restriction of the third relatively light episode.
Let me give you an example: in the first scene of the film, Batman (George Clooney) and Robin (Chris O'Donnell) are summoned to a museum which was literally transformed into ice by Mr. Freeze (Arnold Schwarzenegger) inThe goal of stealing a diamond.
M. Freeze thugs are armed with nulls other than hockey sticks, but this is not a problem for our heroes: automatic skates are getting out of their shoes, how much Robin manages to grasp a hockey stick,Catch the diamond and serve them the sticks through the museum.
I may have expected a plane-style stuffing, but I don't think that is what this film is supposed to be.
After all, the three previous Batman films were in fact quite realistic according to standards of the superhero / action genre and maintained the cheesy cascades defying death, while playing compulsory cheese with at least a certain irony.
No more; the list is getting longer and again in it.
Robin is outside a flying rocket 30,000 feet high in the atmosphere, climbing the door to save Batman.
M. Gel and the Ivy poison (Uma Thurman) jump from a skyscraper and survive by landing in a small pond.
A dominant world The crazy scientist lives in a fortress which seems to have been stolen from the old HE-Man cartoons.
My favorite example is the scene in which Batgirl (Alicia Silverstone) enters a race with motorcycle thugs, during which they find the intelligent notion of ending the road with petrol and set it on fire to distract it.
Not bad, but would the police be the police (or maybe Batman?)
Notice if the road was on fire?
I knew that Gotham City was this crazy anarchic place, but.
 .
 .
 .
It also seems that the creators of Batman films obey an unwritten rule according to which there must be more main characters and intrigue in each successive episode.
As if three protagonists and two bad guys were not enough, Batman and Robin decompose with an underdeveloped side history of the defaulting health of the butler of Bruce Wayne Alfred (Michael Gough), which could have seemed poignant if he was notNot surrounded starting with nonsense, as well as several scenes with her Macpherson as Bruce's girlfriend who is useless other than reminding us that she is in the film.
All this can be semi-excusable if the story was interesting and entertaining, but that is not the case.
In fact, it's a bit boring.
M .Freeeze and poison Ivy Pale in comparison as bad guys with past bad guys such as the Joker of Jack Nicholson and Le Penguin by Danny Devito.
Their diabolical intrigue is also predictable (Schwarzenegger actually pronounces the words: "Today Gotham City, tomorrow the world!")
As it is a brain with lame access (has it never come to poison the ivy that the frost of the whole world would also kill its precious plants?).
And Robin's constant challenge towards Batman does it especially at the head of Taurus and stupid and makes us ask us why Batman would have ever taken it as a partner in the first place.
Depuring the stars, fantasy design and the status of "Batman film", and all that you have here is another barely passable summer action film.