One would think that David Duchovny, star of the cult favorite "X-Files" would be very careful in the choice of his main cinema roles.
At least one would be hoped for.
We would be seriously incorrect.
Eugene Sands (Duchovny) is a surgeon so dedicated to her job that he becomes addicted to amphetamines to stay awake and work more.
He turns out to be a bad plan when he loses a patient and his license under influence.
Ten months later, in a shabby bar to mark synthetic heroine, the doctor has the opportunity to unravel his job when the assassins dropped a client.
Using a plastic water bottle and a bar bar, the sands work and save his life.
The Raymond Blossom (Timothy Hutton) is impressed by the skills of cutlery of his partner.
He kidnaps and then offers Eugene at the bottom to Eugene a position in his organization.
Blossom needs a doctor to repair victims of gunshots that would be problematic in a hospital.
The temptation of Sand is that it will give him a chance to practice medicine again, although there are large pieces of money to fuel her habit and the proximity of the woman of the woman of the Gangster Claire (Angelina Jolie),The baby factor of this film.
The big operator of Big Time desperately needs help.
At the run of Russian gangsters (the bad guys who seem to be all the rage in this year's films) and try to reduce pirate software with the Chinese mafia, Blossom is surrounded by blood.
After a few medical misadventures, the doctor becomes disenchanted by his job.
A meeting with some psycho-surfer guys who threaten to blow him unless he "repairs" their dead boyfriend cement his feeling that he is in the bad line of work.
When the FBI visits and forces him to become an informant, there is no doubt that he must be elsewhere.
Curiously, they seem to be exciting scenes.
The film refutes this hypothesis.
Then, a bunch of other uninteresting things happen.
Writing this only two days after seeing the film is a struggle to remember events.
You can consider this as a solid lack of recommendation.
For all the freshness that Duchovny presents in "X-Files", it is a surprise that his presence on the big screen lacks so much charisma.
The doctor is particularly bland and dull.
Even the cold turkey bit which is plagued by spectacular possibilities appears to be trivial.
A little chocolate and minor sweats make him go through heroin.
Like almost the rest of the film, it is a missed opportunity.
Fox Mulder's detachment does not work here.
Hutton's maniac gangster winner of the Oscar is much more difficult to master.
Played in part for comedy and partly as a crazy killer, Blossom becomes almost real, but then sinks into clumsiness.
Most of the time, Hutton seems to look for his character and come empty.
Pretty also makes some false movements towards the creation of a three -dimensional human being before abandoning and transforming into landscapes.
The most interesting aspect of your performance is to look at your sulky lips threatening to take control of the screen.
The rest is not better.
Michael Massee's eccentric agent never gets up.
One of Blossom's henchmen flies for a few moments from the show as an original shooter reminiscent of Doc Holliday de Val Kilmer in "Tombstone".
His two -sided boosting while he makes a bizarre dance is the culmination of the film.
But that 15 seconds are not worth sitting in the other 90 minutes.
The director of the first cinema Andy Wilson (known for his work on the British television series "Cracker") seems to try to jump on the "Pulp Fiction" train.
The best of these films combines a sense of style and flash with an important substance.
Secondary focuses on only one of these aspects.
 "Playing God" does not do either.
The basic idea of the film is solid.
And then it's not going anywhere.
Worse still, he comes back and for TH, from top to bottom of a long winding road before it ends anywhere.
Fox fails again in his search for intelligent life.