Land: a young Frenchman sees his parents killed before his eyes by Tim Roth, oops ... I
Bad, a diabolical man.
He promises to take revenge on this man and learns the ways of the musketeer by an old guy who was himself one?
Anyway, fourteen years go by and ... stop, well, you know the rest ... Swish-Swish-Zzzzzzzz!
Critality: It's a very bad film.
Let's see, where should I start?
Okay, first of all, the story is simply boring.
It is not original, is entirely predictable and lacks energy.
Okay, what is the next step?
Act, tell yourself.
Hmmmm, well, the main actor, Justin Chambers, is essentially a non -charismatic version of Chris O'Donnell but with less scope (think of that!), And Mena Suvari, is simply extinct.
Not as bad as Thora Birch was in Dungeons & Dragons, but entirely sheltered, with bad deliveries, horrible sequences and an accent poor in piss that comes and goes.
Now, I do not know if it was MS. The lack of Suvari or that of the director, but I definitely saw it at a much higher level than in this film.
The only semi-sauage actor in terms of actors is Tim Roth as the irrepressible "bad guy", but again, it is not something that we have not seen before ... a
a thousand times ... by the same guy !!
Tim, please ... For the love of God, ask your agent to ask the market for modern "American roles" for you as a "nice guy" in a romantic comedy or something.
Stretching, guy ... Extensible !!
We all know that you can do much better than this filth.
Okay, what was bad in this film?
Oh yeah, the score!
Yikes, what are you going to bring him down a few notches there, guys?
This thing flourishes in your ear every time it feels the need to accentuate a certain scene, but does not do a little more than annoying.
I think it is important for the man behind the music to recognize that this film is not a "real epic" by any section of imagination.
It is a soft cake walk created by "clever" studio heads that decided to take advantage of the entire "kung-fu" phenomenon in the films, and to test it on an old classic.
guys ... you
Failure all around!
 (keep reading)
The edition is also quite poor quality in this film, the banal and stilted dialogue and the problems of the plot ... abundant!
 (Why does the guy above the carriage stand there when his adversary takes an eternity to make his way to the top?
Why don't they just cut Mouseketeer's rope at the top of the tower, instead of jumping on their own agreements and fighting it by suspending?
Why does no one look one more day, when the sequence says "14 years later"?
 (at least ... change
Your shirt, guy!)
Keep in mind that I have never moved away from defending certain films which are created simply for a "time of pleasure", but this film did not cut it for me.
It was boring for stretching, the game was sometimes excruciating (the "romantic" scene between Suvari and Chambers next to the lake reminded me of parts in high school that made you cringe), there were few reasonsto take care of anyone and since when were musketeers big?
I will give so much the film, and it is that its main reason for being (its "reason for being", as the French would say), its combat sequences, despite the lack of their figures in the film.
I was hoping that the film would be filled with nice cascaders as promoted in its trailer, but what you see there are essentially the extracts from the two major (and cool) sequences of Swashbuckling from the film.
The first arrives just at the start of the film, while the other essentially finishes the film, suspended from the tower and juggling with ladders.
The sequence of the ladder itself is a defined guardian, but unfortunately, the rest of the film is only a regurgity shit.
And can someone please tell me how Catherine Deneuve obtained her name placed at the top of the CR of this film Changes?
Hullo?
The film is called The Musketeer and features a name of guy Justin Chambers.
Deneuve is hardly in this film!
UGH, just another little thing that bored me about this trash can.
Now say it together, gang: "Everything for one, and one for everyone ... we
Day to stay away from everything !! "
Thank me later.
Where does Joblo come from?
A Knight's Tale (7/10) - American outlaws (5/10) - Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (7/10) - The Matrix (8/10) - The replacement killers (6/10) - Romeo must die (3/10) - Shanghai Midi (6/10)