* * The following review contains spoilers * * *
 " it's just . . .
the path ...
we are ."
--- A rapist (Matt Frewer) responds to the request of Supergirl (Helen Slater) on the reason why she is attacked, an example of poor quality dialogue in Supergirl.
I admit it...
I love Superman III.
I know that it is hated among the faithful of Superman who reject him as nothing more than a vehicle for Richard Pryor, but I always think it is a worthy addition to the Man of Steel franchise.
Supergirl, a film derived in a way from the same producers of the series (Alexander and Ilya Salkind), does not even compete with Superman III in terms of quality, not to mention Superman or Superman II.
Supergirl lost me opening scenes and regularly went downhill for the rest of his two hours more for racing time.
While the film begins, we see the residents of Argo City, a place like a place made up of Krypton refugees that resides in "Inner Space", goes to their daily life.
All right ...
What ?
So these are Krypton exiles, who exploded, right?
Did they live there before exploding Krypton?
How do you arrive at "the interior space"?
This whole notion "interior space" is never explained, in particular in terms of how these people obtain information from the outside world.
How do they know where Superman went?
How do they know that he took the name of Clark Kent and now works at the Daily Planet?
These kinds of things frustrate me hell.
Argo City is maintained by an energy source called omegahedron.
One day, the founder of Argo City, Zaltar (Peter O 'Tole), gives omegahedron to the cousin of Superman, Kara (Helen Slater), for use as inspiration in his art.
Kara uses it to create a bug -shaped thing that immediately crashes through the "anything" layer that protects the city.
In chaos, omegahedron navigates through the opening, killing the Argonians ...
In three days, or something like that.
Kara then climbs into a pod that Zaltar had designed for interdimensional trips and continues omegahedra to save her world.
The source of power moves directly on the earth and the lands in the diving bowl belonging to a minor league witch named Selena (Faye Dunaway) who, immediately before her dive was ruined, announced his desires to govern the worldTo his boyfriend as a demonstration of Nigel (Peter Cook).
Selena somehow knows that this heaven ball will help her with her evil plans, and she offers herself to reach world domination.
Selena of course ignores that Kara has also arrived on Earth and that she arrived like Supergirl (with an appropriate costume).
Supergirl emerges from the bottom of a lake on arrival.
All right ...
eh ?
Why does omegahedron fall from the sky but Supergirl pulls from the bottom of a lake?
Attention movie: Explain yourself!
I'm sorry, I can only suspend the disbelief.
I can't buy in any of these nonsense simply because the film wants me to do it.
Knowing that she needs a secret identity, Supergirl "Wills" herself in a schoolgirl's outfit (with a different hairstyle), chooses the alias Linda Lee and enrolled in school.
She gave him his assignment in a dormitory and who happens to be his roommate?
The sister of Lois Lane, Lucy.
Ok, coincidence is one thing for people, but we are really artificial now.
The following are generic hijinks for girls ...
Complete with evil intimidation girls (nasty for no reason, of course) and even a shower scene (!).
The best time comes, however, when Supergirl decides to put a bra on its school uniform and begins to stuff it with socks.
At this point, I quickly wonder why I care about this nonsense.
However, there is a credit to give to the film.
A long and elaborate sequence features a "badly" bulldozer destroying a small town in search of its "prey" is very well done.
In addition, it is commendable to see the sexes inverted in the wire M, while women have all the power and men are only objects and tools.
Hart Bochner (Die Hard) is particularly fun as the love interest of Kara, a loving landscaper who is under a fate by Selena (although he is unfortunately part of one of the most ridiculous moments of the film, when he owesBe saved to be exploited in "threatening" bumper cars).
Then there were many little things that disturbed me.
The flying effects are never convincing for a moment ...
It is too obvious that Helen Slater is hung on the sons.
Instead of looking at her, the filmmakers wanted her to be "graceful", so she poses a lot and made ballet -like maneuvers.
In addition, who are the first two humans to meet Supergirl when she arrives on earth?
A pair of truck / rapist drivers who attack him immediately and then meet a "wacky" disappearance.
There is also a placement of creeping products in the film, especially for the beer of Root of Popeye, Tylenol and A&W, the latter putting his logo on the t-shirt of one of the rapists (?!).
Finally, just a word: Monsters.
Faye Dunaway and Peter O'Toole do it mercilessly, but when O'Toole exaggere, he is entertainment and when Dunaway does it, she is boring (her character says the line "Get them!"
at one point ) .
Dunaway's henchmen (played by Peter Cook and Brenda Vaccaro) have behaved much better, with Vaccaro being best like the equivalent of the character Otis by Ned Beatty of the first two superman films.
Helen Slater effectively portrays Supergirl as the innocent and naive character she wrote, because she is able to look at flowers and rabbits with the right amount of authentic wonder to make it credible.
Aside from credibility, it's always boring.
Now, despite all this negativity (and I am not alone here ... Supergirl is not a well -loved film or a very respected film in many circles), leave the good people of Anchor Bay Entertainment for peopleNot only interested, but enthusiastic about its release on DVD!
They published two distinct editions of the film on DVD, for the greatest number of people (including myself ...
However, I still don't know why, since this film is so horrible).
The first version of the most available DVD includes the international version of the film which lasts 10 minutes more than the printing that worked in the U.S.Theatres.
The film is presented in its original theatrical aspect report of 2.35: 1, is improved for 16x9 televisions and has been remastered in full glory.
The extras on the disk include: a complete audio comments track with the director Jeannot Szwarc and "Special Project Consultant" Scott Michael Bosco, the excellent 50-minute documentary of 1984 called Supergirl-the Making of A Feature (Dig That Workout Mount!), 5 trailers, 3 television spots, talent bios, in-depth storyboards (accompanied by film score), and assortment of galleries.
The transfer to this international version is incredible ...
You might think you are looking at a new version.
The images are clear, the colors jump from the screen and the image is free from scratches or artifacts.
Only a few special effects sequences show the wear of time, and there is simply not much to do on this subject (unless you are obsessive like George Lucas).
The new audio approved by THX is strong and clear in all the right places, but you will hear an absurd dialogue and a poor partition of Jerry Goldsmith (which is completely unrelated to the classic Superman theme by John Williams and sounds better suited to aCanon Movies' Production of Golan-Globus).
The piece of comments featuring the director Szwarc and the Bosco project consultant is a step in the right direction in the evolution of audio comments.
Bosco seems to be an expert in everything that is Supergirl and is there with Szwarc to make sure that there is no died on the track.
Bosco Szwarc probes for Informatio n on practically everyone and everything that comes to the screen, and we learn much more about the film following their participation.
Although sometimes you can say that Bosco is looking for a specific Szwarc response, and is surprised when it does not get this answer.
We learn fascinating songs on the track, especially the appearance "almost" in the film by Christopher Reeve.
Large details are given on the proposed role of Superman in the original script before Reeve (wisely) falls.
In the current state of things, Superman is struck off at the start of the film when we hear a radio broadcast mention that it is billions of light years in a kind of peace mission.
For the sake of conciseness, I will not even enter that one.
Szwarc also reveals that it was the conscious decision of the Salkinds (and everyone agreed) that Supergirl needed to stand alone, replacing the science fiction of Superman's films with a nonsense of "fantasy fantasy".
Bosco also underlines the scenes that are not in the American exit as they arrive, saying that they had been in the original version, it would have been a success at the box office.
Again, for the sake of conciseness, I will not even enter that one.
Anchor Bay also published a set with two limited edition discs (at only 50,000 copies in a hurry).
The ONE disc contains everything mentioned for the regular version.
Disc two presents the director's cup never before seen from the film, which lasts 138 minutes.
The additions consist mainly in stage extensions which do not add many notes, with the exception of a few moments which lengthen the screen time of Peter O'Toole (in particular during his last appearances).
The impression is tough in places and the sound is only in Mono, but fans of the film will not care.
A question however ...
Shouldn't the director's comment be on the film's director's director?
I had never seen Supergirl before I sit down to watch this DVD.
I was nine years old when he was released in theaters, and even then, I was smart enough to inform my parents not to take me to see him.
So when I put the DVD in my player and I sat in my easy chair, I didn't know what to expect.
I knew that the film was not liked and that I had never had any interest before, but I was ready to give it a chance because of the impressive work put in the disc.
While the disc started to shoot, I was rather impressed by the opening sequence, which made me sit down and ask me if my hypotheses all this time could have been false.
Come and discover the Chase digital stereo logo ...
So I turned to my seat at the start of the nightmare.
At the end of the film, Supergirl returns to the lake with omegahedron and flies to Argo City.
UGH, I give up.
I am surprised that I even arrived at the end of the film not one, not twice, but three times to see these records again.
Supergirl is definitely a great DVD package, but a very ugly film.
[PG]