In my criticism of "The Spy Who Shagged Me", I applied for an unbreakable law of film physics: each time a sequel is as good as the previous film of the series, it is followed by a third filmwhich is a bore.
The cause is probably the complacency; a studio sighs relief when part 2 is up to expectations and figures part 3 is a safe thing.
 "Scream 3" provides the last proof of this rule.
In Los Angeles, the production started on "Stab 3: Return to Woodsboro", the last episode of the series of films inspired by the murders surrounding Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell).
However, life soon begins to imitate art and members of the "Stab" distribution have stabbed themselves.
Feeling yet another book agreement, Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox Arquette) arrives on the set to investigate and finds his ex-girlfriend Dewey Riley (David Arquette) acting as a technical consultant and obtaining Chummy with Jennifer (Parker Posey),The actress playing gale playing gale gale while playing gale with gale with gale with gale with gale gale with gale gale with gale with gale gale with gale gale with gale with gale gale with gale gale with gale with gale galeWith Gale Gale With Gale Gale Playing Gale Gale With Gale Gale playing Gale with Gale Gale playing Gale Gale With Gale Gale With Gale Gales Playing Gale With Gale Gale Playing Gale With Gale Gale Playing Gales Gale En Gale Gale With "Parker Posey), the actress playing Gale Gale. In "Stab 3".
 .
 .
Until she received a telephone call in a bad familiar voice.
The late Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy) makes a surprise appearance by video to explain the rules of a trilogy.
He notes that the third chapter of a trilogy has an overabundance of exhibition and a huge background to face.
Indeed, "Scream 3" tries to connect his murders to the one who started everything, the murder of Sidney Maureen's mother before the start of the original "Scream".
At the scene of each murder in "Scream 3", the killer leaves a photo of Sidney's mother, Maureen, in adolescence in Hollywood and even understands a note claiming to be his real killer.
To find out who the killer is, our intrepid investigators must discover what happened during the missing years of Maureen when she was a starlet appearing in low -budget horror films.
 (Even with this little information, you can probably already guess what is the killer's relationship with Sidney).
Unlike his predecessors, "Scream 3" does not even have the courage to suggest that the central characters could be the killer.
The characters we suspect are all not developed, so that in the end, we don't even care who is the killer.
The jaded detective (Patrick Dempsey)?
The perverse producer (Lance Henriksen)?
The motivated young director (Scott Foley)?
Ingue (Emily Mortimer)?
The character who turns out to be the killer seems to be selected at random.
Wes Craven would have filmed three different endings to keep one of the real a secret, so it is quite possible that that of the final cup was chosen at random.
The brand's references from the series to other horror films have become banal and obvious.
It is perhaps the absence of the scriptwriter Kevin Williamson, who wrote the first two, or perhaps the ironic position of the hip is finally consumed and a series that parodies the film clichés finally becomes a snapshot.
I groaned like an attack on Sidney of the first "Scream" was repeatedly repeatedly in the Hollywood whole of his house.
At one point, the reference only becomes a way to cover poverty of new ideas.
 "Scream 3" also continues the tradition of having an eclectic set of cameos and familiar faces in small roles.
Look for Jenny McCarthy, Carrie Fisher, Patrick Warburton (Puddy de "Seinfeld"), Roger Corman and Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith (as Jay and Silent Bob) to walk at some point.
All these players have made more efforts than the stars back from the series, which probably save their energy for the long job search after the "cry".
Another prediction I made in a previous review has arrived: more films copy the web strategy of "The Blair Witch Project".
 "Scream 3" has three official websites that (Wink, Wink) claim that film events are real and provide additional fundamental information that is not covered in the film.
the Su The Nrise Studios site (Scream3. Com) has trailers for other Sunrise outings as well as the "last" Stab 3 'News ".
There is also an official site of Gail Weathers (Galeweathers. Com) and a Sunrise Sucks site which has more "stab" scandals than the studio wants to cover (Sunrisecks. Com).
Craven and the company promise that this is the last episode of the series "Scream".
Although I hope it's true, I don't hold many series of Hope-Horreur films are even more difficult to kill than their monsters.
There is a "Halloween H2K" in the work, even if Michael Myers was beheaded in "H20", and a "Freddy vs. Jason" was spoken for a while, despite the fact that the two characters were "You are".
There is bound to be a "Scream 4" one day, even if he starts again with a new set of movie star Wannabes.
Conclusion: they should have called it "yawning".