Warning: may contain light sweet spoilers.
Classified: R for intense / gore violence, sexuality and strong language.
Featuring: Arnold Schwarzeneggar, Robin Tunney, Rod Stieger, Gabriel Byrne.
Operating time: 132 minutes
We are entering a movie theater, Boom!
The lights go out, the race of our heart, we go through ten minutes of overview and finally the film we have been waiting for to see for a long time.
We sit down there, look at the disbelief that this film is as bad as it is.
Why should I not know what I was getting in.
Again, like the latter summers, the stigmata ", the" end of days "can be worse.
It is not as if it was an original idea, it simply throws a "Rosemary baby", as well as "the defender of the devil" a little "exorcist" and "stigmats" here and there.
Whala you have an extremely disappointing film "end of the days" and, by the glimpses, made it great.
Unfortunately but really again like the most recent films, all the right pieces are in the trailers.
The intrigue which is sometimes very confusing is also very ridiculous and the film is intended to be a success on the first weekend, and flop in the next.
Jericho Cane (Arnold Schwarzneggar in Hit Typical Macho Role) is a cop who discovers that he is chosen to find Satan (living in the body of Gabriel byrnes) and prevent him from impregnating Christine York (Robin Tunney) because S 'He does it, and it is birth to all existence as we know will cease to exist.
He must do it before it was transformed in 2000, and strangely he tried to fight it 5 minutes before the end of 2000.
He seeks the help of the Catholic Church and the help of Rod Stieger (in a formidable role) and tries to save this girl leading to a satisfactory end, but turns into a typical action film.
That's almost everything about the plot.
He has the trazle and the dazzling of a major action film, and with the 100 -meter budget of 100 meters seem to show it, parts that you have to ask yourself where all the money has happened.
As for Arnie?
Good role, ok performance.
I think that since he aged a little, he has been held a lot from his waterfalls.
What disappointed me was the fact that there was nothing in the film.
In the trailers, it looks like a good scary action film and ends up being a boring, long and absurd drama that leads to something else that leaves us questions.
Gabriel Byrnes (who has ironically played a priest in "stigmata") plays here Satan and gives a good performance but still seems to be retained and not in his character.
Two years ago, Al Pacino gave a great performance in the pleasure "The Devil's Advocate" and here, it seems that the idea of him is also in the character.
Robin Tunney (a great performance as always) plays the main person of Satan that he wants to impregnated with carrying his child.
Of course, Rod Stieger gives another great performance that is really not new.
The management of Peter Hyams is sometimes a little exaggerated, but not as the visual style was in "Stigmata".
Here, we have an excellent work of camera and superb scenes that are terribly done but unfortunately do not work in this film.
The script written by Andrew Marlowe has a few spiritual lines, but again, the film is all style and no substance and at the end of the final highest point, I was ready to go home.
Only a few things work here and these are some of the performances, writing and visual style, but the scenario and the finished product do not work as well.
What is sad is that the "end of days" had so much to do.
The intrigue could have been more organized, the action scenes could have been more certified and less silent.
Sometimes it looks like "Armageddon" and started to age and tedious.
Hollywood lacks bad ideas, and as I have always said before needs new ones.
Even with its 100m budget, the "end of days" is less than pleasant.
In fact, the 100 -meter budget is at least 30 m OV Uh, and could easily have had a budget of 70 m.
Maybe I look crazy, but I really look forward to the new exorcist film, and I hope they make it as well as the original.
We have to get new ideas and stop recycling the old ones just to earn money at the box office.
We need to get more movies like "The Blair Witch Project" that could scare people to death, while people think what exactly scares them and how to know that it is in fact Blair Witch.
Exaggerated effects, stupid and thin intrigue, good performances, disappointing .... Umm
Yeah those who almost describe the "end of days".