In "Twilight", an ex-alcoholic, ex-gone, ex-husband, former private, Harry Ross (Paul Newman), works for a pair of aging Hollywood actors, Catherine (Susan Sarandon) and Jack Ames (Gene(Genehackman).
Jack is singing and he asks Harry to deliver the gain.
Instead of singers, Harry finds an ex-dying fop (m.
Emmet Walsh).
While more and more bodies are starting to accumulate, Harry realizes that he will have to resolve the disappearance of Catherine's first husband twenty years earlier to find out who is ready to kill to keep this buried secret.
New man. Sarandon.
Hackman.
With a casting of the Oscar laureates like that, "Twilight" would seem very promising.
However, the script is tired and predictable.
It would be well used as a television film of the week, perhaps with a detective hero from the 1970s incorporating his role.
The appeal of the project for its stars and its director, Robert Benton, is nostalgia.
 "Twilight" wants to be a much a black film from the 1940s with Alan Ladd or Dick Powell.
All standard tropes are here: a P.I.
Among the rich and the beautiful whose glamor hides sinister secrets, a fatal woman who tries and confuses the hero, dark characters pulling doors, corpses confronted with the hero with each turning point, cops who repel his way and interfere with hisinvestigation.
The script offers little originality, and the co-authors Benton and Richard Russo seem to ignore that what was original in 1948 was a cliché? In 1998.
The score of Elmer Bernstein is of a haunting melodic and could have been drawn from a vintage black.
The main actors try that the Hard-Trien of the three did everything less than a full effort, even when he is overwhelmed by a bad script.
They try to invest every line and gesture with meaning, and they create a convincing meaning of the relationships between the main characters.
Harry loves Jack but is in love with Catherine.
Jack dies of cancer and is jealous of Harry's love for Catherine.
Catherine Taquine Harry and loves her attention, but her real feelings are hidden under carefully maintained plating.
 "Twilight" wants to be focused on characters like "Nobody's Fool" (also directed by Benton, with also Newman, based on a Russo novel), but the tired script gives actors too little to work.
 "Twilight" also faces a great support distribution: Stégard Channing (Harry friend on police forces), Reese Witherspoon (Bratty Kid by Jack & Catherine), Giancarlo Esposito (The Humourd Sidekick), John Spencer (Nemesis de HarryThe strength), Lievingschreiber and Margo Martindale (the singers) and James Garner (a cop who bailed out film stars).