There have been tragedies of merchant-ovory costumes with more than one impulse than "The Mod Squad", a consciously hip cinematographic rendering of the old television series consciously by so many baby boomers.
Well, said "Squad" will certainly not be a pleasant observation experience for them or for anyone, perhaps even the teenage target audiences to which the film was directed.
A contemporary vision of this resolutely 1970s show does not seem exactly unjustified, but one wonders if the mold he has accumulated while waiting on the shelf has not turned into a case of complete botulism.
What is the curious that the film begins by defining both Mod and Squad, insisting that the latter is a group of people working together, then contradicting this definition by keeping its separate holder trio for an important part of the time offunctioning.
These are Julie, Pete and Linc, reformed offenders working under cover for the LAPD (exhibition extinct so quickly that you are likely to be lost moments of opening), and they are respectively played by Claire Danes, Giovanni Ribisiet Omar Epps, talented actors who deserve each better than that.
Their fate involves standard coping stuff, because our potential protagonists take the wind of internal concealment after their superior (reliable Dennis Farina, one of the best things here and left so quickly) was killed and framedFor drug trafficking.
They do a lot and end up exposing this convoluted conspiracy using surveillance tactics that would impress robust boys and Linda Tripp but few others.
When you are supposed to ask, "What will happen next?",
You will rather entertain thoughts like "who are these people and why should I care about it?"
Or "aren't the thrillers supposed to contain thrills?"
Not that the Danes, Epps and Ribisi do not give him a chance.
The Danes can do the teenage thing troubled in his sleep, as evidenced by "My So-Called Life", but she is struggling with a mysterious sub-container (Josh Brolin), then you start to seriously question his self-saying intelligence.
Ditto for Ribisi ("Saving Private Ryan") Looney Loose Cannon, although at least it occurs with wild and crazy vigor which sometimes requires attention.
But EPPS - Poor EPPS.
EPPS ("Higher Learning") is so short that it is reduced to literally waiting for a villain to continue it.
All this negligence can be attributed to the writers, including Scott Silver, is also the director.
They must think that if they dress their stupid story in such thickened assets (the appearance of the film is really quite impressive), it will be somehow paying, but this "team of mod" is displayed anyway.
The characters are nonexistent; the present is only beautiful young things that model cool Levis and cooler attitudes.
The intrigue barely escapes the confused convention.
And the gender element that you would think of appearing in generous portions - some clever explosions, some fights, all kinds of action - rarely reaches this Gabfest dull.
All those who are quick to repress last month but to the "my Martian" favorite update of last month must step back.
Here is a small screen translation that should have really stayed in its old incarnation, "mod" or not.