Since Wargames, the first real computer hacking film, Hollywood has tried to produce more and more movies on hacking.
These films generally show the public an overview of computers which is really not impossible and which is generally ridiculous.
If this is not this, the exaggeration of what is real is generally greater than what you expect.
Pirates are guilty of all these crimes.
For anyone knowing computers and / or on the internet, most of the film is so incredibly stupid that you can no longer take it.
Those of you who frequent one of the largest sites in the World Wide Web, the Internet Film Database, are probably aware of the film section entitled "GOOFS".
This is the error section in films.
Well, IMDB sums up the pirates extremely well with the first GOOF listed: "generally badly informed and ridiculous to the extreme concerning the capacities of computers and technology".
And sincerely, it is a hundred percent correct.
The intrigue, of course, focuses on computer hacking.
More specifically, he follows the exploits of Dade Murphy, a young computer hacker played by Jonny Lee Miller.
Miller should be extremely grateful for the film Trainspotting, because without that, who knows where his career will be after pirates.
The film opens with a young Dade Murphy arrested for hacking computer systems.
It was forbidden to use a computer until the age of eighteen.
The film then resumes at that time, a Dade Murphy, eighteen, hacking the computer.
Dade meets later with colleagues pirates of acid Burn (Angelina Jolie), the cereal killer (Matthew Lillard), Lord Nikon (Laurence Mason) and The Phantom Phreak (Renoly Santiago), who mainly try to do what isBesides the impossible: Hackl'ORSOR GIBSON and not get caught by the FBI.
Oh, and as a small sub-work, Dade also tries to court Acid Burn, the only female hacker in the film.
Really, I can't think of saying much more about the intrigue of the film apart from what I said.
It's just a bunch of computer geeks (no, obsessive obsessive computer geeks a little too advanced for reality) run around computers and stay away from the FBI.
Thanks to this film, the unknown audience with computers now has a distorted point of view of computers and what they can do.
This film makes computers a little too advanced for their time, and the frivolous suggestions that it makes are too many to list.
To summarize, pirates are a terrible computer film.
If you are looking for a film on computers closer to what is going on in the real world, I suggest sneakers.
Although sometimes it may also seem a little eccentric, it should be much more credible than hackers for users of regular computers.
I hope that this film has not influenced too many young computers to think that they can do what is represented in this 105 -minute loss of time.