Georges Polti one day wrote an article entitled "The thirty-six dramatic situations", in which he affirmed the fact that any drama could be defined by thirty-six different situations.
It is perhaps the modern reprocessing of the biblical prophecy of the ecclesiasts: "there is nothing new under the sun".
The faculty, the latest film by Dusk Till Dawn, director Robert Rodriguez, certainly proves it in the typical manner of Hollywood.
There is no measurable fraction of original material in this unworthy outing.
Drawing elements both puppet masters and the invasion of the body's snatches, the scriptwriter Kevin Williamson (from Scream 2 Credit) gives us a horror story taking place in average America (Ohio) a hectic fall.
Using a casting of characters unusually in stock, Williamson designs an extraterrestrial invasion which will not be made of independent style but rather "through the rear door".
The parasitic extraterrestrials take control of the faculty of a dilapidated high school and quickly infested most of the student body, leaving it to the set of main characters to win the day.
The absence of enthusiasm is the majority of the film.
Even if the genre has seen films that lack quality like this, they were saved by an energetic approach.
This throws more than a shadow of a doubt about the capacity of Williamson, who was successful with the cry made by Wes Craven but could not draw something solid for this outing or I know what you havemade last summer.
Although he designs the faculty with more than a folded science fiction than her image of typical slasher, she always comes down to the same results: throwing stock characters in a steel cage match and see that comes out alive.
At this level, the main roles are played by virtual strangers.
Only the recognizable Elijah wood (deep impact) is at the front; apart from that, the veterans of the screen are saved for the minor roles of extraterrestrial teachers.
Perhaps Williamson has in order to defend these new arrivals to the fame that their cry and the counterparts of the summer achieved; but to do this, they would all need to play in their own WB television show on horrorsFrom puberty to "Dawson's Creek".
Needless to say, the game is far from being of first order, nor the need should not be the case.
There is a moment or two of authentic horror, but unfortunately, Williamson and Rodriguez did not take history far enough in the direction of science fiction to make it use.
In short, the faculty was only a long blow that did not pay.