I guess it is unfair to criticize a film like Hudson Hawk, which has been shot by critics and moviegoers since its release in 1991.
Michael Lehmann's action comedy was quick to win the title of "biggest flop at the box office of all time", or its fence.
The film features Bruce Willis as a famous Hudson Hawk cat burglar, who has just been released from Sing Sing Prison after many years in isolation ("Let me say it," he explains, ``have never seen and and and and and and and and ").
Greeting him is his old friend and partner in crime (played by Danny Aiello), who becomes the subject of many big fun jokes.
Rather, welcome, in a film filled with many completely funny gags, caricatured bad guys and incredible coincidences.
It seems that the director Lehmann did not know when to stop all the absurd stupidity, and he stacks the layer after a layer of total ridicule while the film propels itself towards the finish line.
If at some point during Hudson Hawk, you assume that things could not become more awkward, you will soon eat your words.
But, I am inclined to say that this film is not as terrible as the box office numbers suggest.
It's fast and entertaining, if you have incredible patience and a distorted sense of humor.
For the first part of this review, I will try to focus on the positive aspects of Hudson Hawk.
Wish me good luck .
First and foremost: Bruce Willis is a good sport.
Although I am not quite sure what he smoked when he co-wrote this script, Willis is quite aware that the whole project is a big fat and ugly joke.
It constantly gives impassive reactions to things that are very stupid and out of the place, which means that it has more than its share of impassive reactions.
Another advantage is the appearance of Andie MacDowell as a schizophrenic nun and a love interest in the title of title.
They meet when Hudson gets on a mission to steal an invaluable book in the Vatican, and their relationship intensifies from there.
It is regrettable that the character has a note from McDowell is used as an excuse so that there is a predictable conspiracy twist, and she offers absolutely no encouraging chemistry with Willis.
But now I decrease again on negative things, right?
Enough of the masquerade - mostly Hudson Hawk is an atrocious experience.
It's stupid, useless and repetitive.
I can only wonder what fans of Bruce Willis thought after leaving the theater, because this film really has the potential to please anyone.
Action fans should note that Hudson Hawk is made up of a 90%comedy, and even the action sequences are skittery, precipitated and poorly published.
And those who expect a warm laugh or two will find it difficult to make you smile during all the hi-jinks inducing headaches.
Do not get me wrong, this film is not without laughter.
It is a shame that most of them are not intentional, or simply forced.
The impressive casting looks properly embarrassed.
It is understandable to see Willis and Aiello in a film of this caliber, but as for the presence of the future winner of the James Coburn Oscars, I am not entirely sure.
Coburn plays a former hawk sworn enemy who comes into play again, and he doesn't seem to know the whole film of his place.
Especially when he uses martial arts during the final confrontation and fought with Willis who looked at home in a film by Jackie Chan.
Things become more bizarre when we are presented to his team of discharges appointed according to the chocolate bars, including the future star of the NYPD Blue David Caruso as a voiceless and folid kit-kat.
If that is not enough for you, there is Richard E. Grant and Sandra Bernhard marked him as a disturbed couple on the verge of a convoluted economic control.
Their crotch bite dog provides some big laughs here.
Wait, maybe the only big laughs ...
I don't know what kind of movie everyone had in mind during the shooting of Hudson Hawk. I can't even start to start the absurd intrigue of the film; but don't get there.
I suppose that there are viewers of attractions who could derive from the ridiculous premise, if they were so desperate.
But Hudson Hawk never even has the slightest idea where he goes from the first minute, and from there, it's 90 minutes of pure cinematic mud.