The Hanting, such a confusing film that he forgets the true meaning of a horror film: to scare us.
If you've ever seen a film, you've probably considered you on this site, you need to know all the anecdotes they publish before a film.
They have things like illustrations and you have to guess the film or the facts about the film.
But, the one I still like is the & quot; another name "Plean who tries to rename a particular film.
For example, the one who played before the haunt had different titles for the film, the little soldiers.
They had titles like Little Infantry and can I get these smaller fatigue?
Well, after seeing the haunting, I also had some special names.
Unfortunately, I can only publish one of them, if not, I would receive e-mails quite angry with overprotective mothers.
This title would be the confusing.
Ok, it's a very bad title, but it perfectly matches this film.
There is no point in anything, and combined with a dry dialogue and a boring and confusing plot, it completes the formula of a cinematographic bomb.
Liam Neeson is once again wrapped in a film without any depth, but at least the ghost threat was exciting and had a certain depth.
The haunting is nothing other than garbage, but unfortunately, he will always be a cargo of money.
Before complaining and rave how bad this film is, let me highlight the few, and I highlight the word little, light points in this film.
First of all, the house is superb.
It is beautiful, but it is also a dark place.
He looks so great that it is difficult to be afraid of it.
This is something that raises his ugly head at all points in the film.
Things are so beautiful that you look with admiration instead of being afraid.
Haunted house movies must contain an element to have a little success and it is being strange.
The house of the hills is not strange.
It's beautiful, but not the slightest a little frightening.
Have you ever heard of Lili Taylor?
Before this film, I did not do it, but I am happy to do it now.
It gives the only satisfactory performance in the film.
Despite the dry dialogue and the boring / confusing concept, it manages to light the screen every time it appears, but unfortunately, its co-stars generally follow just behind.
Owen Wilson, who plays Luke, is the only other actor, even close to giving an admirable performance, other than Taylor.
It is essentially there for comic relief, and its character development is poor in all other fields.
All the characters are desperately underdeveloped.
Wilson had potential as Luke, but it seems that they just needed him to add a few laughs.
Liam Neeson and Catherine Zeta-Jones suffer from dialogue and intrigue and should not have been in this film.
Their characters must suffer from nasty mood jumps because in each scene, they pass ruthless to compassionate to frightened and so on.
They are simply not credible and it is the last nail in the obsessive coffin.
The intrigue is terrible.
The opening scene of the film is very important, but the director makes it too obvious by obtaining close -ups of all the things that will play a major role at the end of the film.
As I sat in the film, I wondered what this film was trying to make.
Nell, the character of Lili Taylor, goes from the Savior.
This makes no sense and the director gives no reasoning to the ridiculous changes that take place in the film.
He forces the spectator to do various hypotheses and gives no in -depth information.
For example, the start of the film gives us an idea of the reason why Nell is involved in the program.
But, we get Zilch for the other four.
In addition, two of them are destroyed in the first ten minutes.
And the worst: Most horror films have murders.
For any reason, they kill Luke at the end of the film.
No reason, just o FF with his head, literally.
Overall, the obsession is the quintessence of a bad film.
Bad intrigue, confusing scenario and waste of good talents.
Hopefully Liam Neeson can bounce back and enter a good film and be used to its full potential.
Hopefully Lili Taylor will be recognized for doing such a good job in such a bad movie.
And I hope that other horror films, such as the Blair Witch project and The Hailing of Hill House, will not be as bad as this one.