Because no one demanded it: David Duchovny in a romantic comedy!
Finally, its romantic magnetism and its comic shine are extracted for all their resources!
The choice of Duchovny can have something to do with the plot, which could be fodder for an episode of Valentine's Day of "The X-Files".
Bob Rueland (David Duchovny) loses his wife Elizabeth (Joly Richardson) in a car accident.
At the same time, Grace Briggs (Minnie Driver) is in the hospital, awaiting a cardiac transplantation.
Grace obtains the heart of Elizabeth, and this leads her to Bob.
It is the romantic equivalent of all these horror films where someone obtains a transplant from a serial killer, then is pushed to massacre people.
Four writers are recognized for contributing to history.
This does not seem possible.
Despite being a two -hour solid, "Return to me" adds little to the "Boy Meets Girl / Boy loses girl" formula and, therefore, is terribly tedious and slow.
Duchovny and Driver seem unable to generate sparks, and I continued to wish a quick button to move their scenes.
Since Driver managed to work well in romantic roles before, I blame Duchovny.
He is out of his element without the manufactured and static sexual tension of his television series (and I always thought that the relationship between Mulder and Scully on "The X-Files" is more brothers and sisters than hot and breathtaking).
There is something about Duchovny who makes me uncomfortable.
Whatever the role he plays, he presents himself as a scathing.
The only quality of redemption of "return to me" is its distribution of hilarious support.
The circle of friends and parents around Bob and Grace is constantly playing to play, and they generate the only laughs of the film.
Carroll O'Connor is the grandfather of Grace Marty O'Reilly.
When Bob enters Marty's restaurant after the hours, Marty immediately begins to question Bob about his matrimonial state.
When Marty discovers that Bob is a widower, he invites Bob to join his poker game and presents it with the declaration: "It's Bob!
His wife is dead! "
Poker friends are just as desperate to find a companion to Grace and to greet Bob enthusiastically when they hear the news.
As funny: Bonnie Hunt as the best friend of Grace Megan and James Belushi as Megan's husband, Joe.
Married to children, Megan and Joe provide a useful counterpoint by showing the banal results of romance.
Although it is rare to see it in a film that will be presented in a theater, Belushi delivers its lines with a large comic skill.
David Alan Grier as a best friend of Bob and Robert Loggia as a brother-in-law of Marty, Angelo.
In only the main players were up to standards established by the rest of the distribution.
Conclusion: If you are forced to see this film, watch it in video so that you can quickly move forward with Carroll O'Connor and James Belushi.