The young Einstein is embarrassing lame, but that did not prevent him from becoming a phenomenon in Australia, where he became the third greatest success at the box office of all time.
In the U.S., Warner Brothers hopes that the film will follow in the footsteps of Paul Hogan, Inxs and Crearm on the Barby to become the last rage of Down Under.
Personally, I hope that Americans will occasionally and make young Einstein a bomb at the box office.
The young Einstein came out of the twisted spirit of Yahoo Serial, which not only wrote, produced, published and directed the film, but also played and made his own waterfalls.
Its creation is about as stupid and artificial as you expect from someone named Yahoo.
The film takes substantial historical liberties to recreate the youth of Einstein.
While the scientist was from Germany, the film still finds him with his parents in Tasmania, a distant Australian island.
In addition to drifting the energy formula and the theory of relativity, Albert invents surfing, bubbles in beer and electric guitar.
Yahoo plays Einstein as a naive and unrefined country - a clown with an insatiable curiosity.
Although Yahoo's performance is first endearing, one -dimensional characterization loses its novelty faster than you can say E = MC2.
Yahoo has created a charming family for Albert, and the scenes of Tasmania are often intelligent.
But after the first twenty minutes, the film falls quickly and quickly degenerates into a bad excuse for a comedy.
The young Einstein is hampered by his lethargic rhythm and his stupid plot.
Yahoo must be an MTV drug addict because his film presents an omnipresent soundtrack; unfortunately, the music is completely free and quickly becomes dominating.
Almost all the other scenes include a screaming rock song that lets you ask if you watch a film or a video clip.
The instrumental score, on the other hand, is generally fun; Yahoo uses classics such as "the opening of 1812" and the theme of good, bad and ugly to a great comic effect.
Halfway through young Einstein, I knew for sure that the film was a stinking.
But it is only until the end that I finally put my finger on why: comedy takes its roots not fantasies of fanciful films (like the young Sherlock Holmes) but sitcoms in the Ringy during big hourslisten.
In fact, the young Einstein could have been more comfortable on network television, where his humor in Sophomoric would not increase any eyebrow.