The rich child spoiled Kelley Morse (Chris Klein) receives a new Mercedes for a graduation gift.
He and his friends take him for a joyride in a small neighboring town, where he continues to torment the inhabitants simply because he is rich and they are not.
He ends up provoking Jasper (Josh Hartnett) in a race and, therefore, the local service station and the restaurant are destroyed when they crush into it.
Kelley is condemned to rebuild the restaurant and must live with Jasper in a guest room on his family barn.
Jasper's girlfriend, Sam (Leelee Sobieski), soon has a taste for Kelley, despite the fact that 1) was the dinner of her family that was destroyed and b) all that Kelley is doing is to sit down, butcher and get into the city.
But when she sees him in sweat and shirtless, that is apparently everything she needs to lose her feelings for Jasper (whose only fault seems to be a perpetual case of hat hair).
Sobieski therefore soon falls in love with Kelley, especially after the day she follows him through the woods and intends to give her speech to graduation (which he could not pronounce because he caused the destruction ofproperty and almost killed dozens of people).
In the speech, Kelley quotes a poem by Robert Frost, who also happens to be Sam's favorite poem.
Awwwww.
Soon, they are gambling in the fields and, for any reason, do not waste time let people in town (especially Jasper's best friend) to see them together.
Kelley continues to have an ass in town, especially when he presents himself to the city dance, drunk and smoking because Sam went with Jasper.
Kelley fled and decides to leave the city.
Sam catches him at the bus station and he asks him to come to Boston with him.
Jasper presents himself and admits in tears to Sam how he loves him, and Sam, without even breaking the stride says essentially "See you soon!"
And take off in Boston with Kelley.
Here on Earth, he has been in so many bad directions from the start that when his fairly decent end arrives, it's completely worthless.
Chris Klein and Leelee Sobieski are two of my current favorite young performers, and it was because of their presence that I watched this film first.
However, shortly in the procedure, I just wanted to reach the film and strangle them both.
I shouldn't have such feelings to the people I love, but their characters are so exasperated ...
Well, believe me, you will feel the same thing.
Even if the two main male characters are generally bad, Kelley is by far the most unmanageable of both, simply because her jerkish actions are calculated.
He intends to be a moron every time he does.
Jasper, on the other hand, reacts only to the provocations of Kelley, and then returns as being really sorry for his impulsive actions.
But, as in life, nice guys finish last.
For the whole film, we watch Sam fall in love with the guy that no one loves when the only sympathetic character in the film is completely crushed.
Then, a cancer intrigue comes into play (where things become even more exasperated, if you can imagine it).
What, things were not depressed enough for you, Mr. Scenarist?
Who enlightened this project?
Who "on earth" thought that would someone entertain someone?
Perhaps if the film had been structured where Kelley may have felt remorse after provoking the destruction of goods and almost killed dozens of people.
But even after destroying the lives of these people, he continues to be a snob for them and in ruin one more to make good measure.
Here we are available on Fox Home Entertainment DVD.
It contains the film in its original theatrical aspect report of 1.85: 1 and is improved for 16x9 televisions.
The extras include Jessica Simpson's clip for "Where You Are", an advertisement for the soundtrack of the film (which is said by passing the only good thing about the film), the theatrical t original Railer and five television spots, randers for other Fox outings (Anna and The King, everywhere, but here, the beach, driving me crazy, never after, Romeo + Juliet, simply irresistible), as well as this new Fox PromoTheir next DVDLES DVDLES that I really appreciate.
The image and sound quality on the disc are good ...
Nothing that will of course challenge the audio / video systems of anyone.
Fans of this film (if applicable) should take advantage of the DVD release.
Here on Earth is entertaining and it is not convincing.
No value of joy or entertainment can be derived from one of the events of the film.
It is only a waste of time, money and talent.