The general's daughter will probably be the stupid film the most intelligent we will see this year - or perhaps the most stupid intelligent film.
It is confusing for a criticism when so many conspiracies and ostentatious direction share the screen with so much catchy dialogue and a net character interaction.
However, this is what happens when the legendary screenwriter William Goldman takes a pass in a plot thriller otherwise brutally predictable.
The perforated punch lines are always about to convince you that the general's daughter has a brain in her head, even if the remaining 75% of the story strike you in front with her lack of common sense.
Our hero is the adjutant Paul Brenner, an impetuous investigator for the U.S.
His last case is the murder of Captain Elisabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson) in a georgia base, the victim was linked to the ground after an apparent sexual assault and a strangulation.
Completing the case is the fact that Captain.Campbell is the daughter of General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell), war hero and potential candidate vice-president.
General Campbell wants to keep the case outside the press, which only gives Brenner on the 36 hours before the FBI intention.
Teaming with the rape investigator Sarah Sunhill (Madeleine Stowe) - who, by coincidence, has once had a romantic relationship with Brenner - Brenner begins to discover dark secrets from the past of Captain Feu who make the business more and moremore sordid.
If only sordidity was the worst problem of the general's girl.
The sexual degreasing scenes linger much longer than necessary, their negligible dramatic value exceeded by the filtered light Sleaze.
Director Simon West probably thinks that he was covered by the juxtaposition of these images of violence with sweet flowers, but all he does is proven he depend on visual shots, which is the faultFatal of the film.
It is a trend that he continues for two hours, taking the few virtues of history and slapping a layer of obviousness to the Toutin test.
The characters who can (wink) prove to be bad guys are photographed in a disturbing shadow; inserts in the still alive face of Captain Campbell after the corpse is discovered to ensure five minutes of attention.
West just can't help derogation from the general's daughter every minute.
It even transforms a scene of sequences shown on CNN an excuse for slow changes.
Boubling of this too cooked stew, there are enough tasty lines to distract you from its smell.
The smoother scene finds Brenner with Captain Campbell's mentor, an expert in psychological warfare named Moore (James Woods).
There is something invigorating to look at two smart actors playing intelligent characters who draw honesty on each other.
Indeed, Travolta can sink his teeth in dozens of lines of choice depending on its joy to cause figures of authority (at the local sheriff of the county of Georgia: "should you not get the night of colorful people?").
Even the lame device of Brenner and Sunhill's sexual history provides some winning zincs.
Goldman's dialogue can serve a more important laugh that you will not find it in most of the so-called comedies.
Dialogue, unfortunately, is not enough to make a quality script.
It is difficult to take a film on a criminal investigation seriously when the investigators are both too stupid to resolve it earlier (an idiotic incapacity to recognize the nature of the crime scene) and too lucky for it to last more (Not one but two opportunities when Brenner grabs a vital evidence from the corner of the eye).
As the general's daughter walks towards his too addressed psycho-in-art final, the heavy hand of West erased most of what made the film sometimes fun.
It is an idiotic and pretentious films, but at least it gives a laugh or five.
Goldman should tear the 15 decent pag Is out of this script and transform them into a standing routine.