This film tries to present itself as the continuation of the beginnings of Jan de Bont as a director, surprise from 1994 Surprise Speed.
But the only thing the two films have in common is Sandra Bullock as a female leader.
Annie (Sandra Bullock) is again in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She goes to cruise with her new boy-friend Alex (Jason Patric), and of course, her ship is kidnapped by John Geiger (Willem Dafoe) who has a bone to choose with the sea company.
They returned it after fell ill.
Now he wants diamonds to be stored in compensation for the ship.
This is actually the whole scenario.
Speed 2 could do without dialogues.
The film is a question of images and its remarkable.
I don't really know why it’s called an action film.
With the exception of a few scenes that vaguely recall speed, it goes in the direction of desperate films of the 70s.
We are first initiated into a number of people who will be important later in the film.
Then the disaster strikes.
Sandra Bullock would have been happy that she could act this time.
I looked for "action" but I couldn't find it.
Most of the time, it is part of the decoration.
The only time she is part of what's going on is when she can have a chance to defuse a bomb and release passengers trapped behind a fire of fire.
Now we know that she can manage a chain saw.
We also know that fire doors on cruise ships can be cut in a few seconds.
The Defusal bomb is of course bad, but only the furniture is damaged, not our heroes which are always necessary.
Jason Patric alias Alex spends most of his time flirting with Annie, helping other passengers and gambling in the water.
Its initial sea gain suddenly disappeared, because there is ship, crew and passengers to save Geiger evil.
He does a very good job but I cannot blame Keanu Reeves for having refused this part.
Then there is Willem Dafoe, the villain, who is desperately trying to look as scary as the Frankenstein monster.
However, he does not succeed.
A disorderly appearance is not enough to convince the spectator of his psychopath potential.
Before trying again to make us believe that he is a dangerous man, he should practice for a while in front of a mirror.
I can't really recommend speed 2. You will probably like the film if you like funny situations that are not supposed to be funny.
Especially the test of strength, when the ship comes up against the first time in an oil tanker, then dissipates an entire village is a treat.
There you can see the most superfluous scene in the film.
In accordance with the tradition of the desperate film last year, a dog is miraculously saved from certain death.
A really funny scene (and intended to be funny) takes place on the oil tanker just before the collision.
Some crew members watch two ships collided in an old film.
If they had looked out the window, they would not have missed the huge ship running towards them.
Those of you who always want to see the film should choose a theater with a large screen and a good audio system to enjoy the visual effects and fantastic surround sound effects.
In a properly equipped theater, it is as if the explosion took place all around you and you can feel the seats vibrate.
But ILM special effects cannot save the film.
For all the money they could have done better.