Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
 "Quick, Robin!
The anti-chariot repellent! "
- Adam West in the 1966 Batman feature film, kicking a pathetic rubber shark attached to his leg
I had never thought that an entry into the modern incarnation of Batman's feature film would add up this level of camping, but in many cases, Batman and Robin approaches, and at some point even exceeds this standard.
This is a disastrously bad film, easily the worst in the series to date, and quite embodies a cinematic definition of the excessive word - it is noisy, garish and odious, with unnecessary and free action of action and pieces that bring togetherThe screen with production conception developed to the point of overpower.
Batman and Robin present the Caped Crusaders (George Clooney making his debut as Batman, with Chris O'Donnell by descending as Robin) competing against another multitude of chemically induced nasty - the harmful Ice -Cold MR.FREEZE(Arnold Schwarzenegger), armed with a weapon that freezes everything in his towers, and the ivy of Poison Slinky (Uma Thurman), who has the capacity to blow a powerful dust in the faces of men so that they fallhelpless in love with her (not that dust is really necessary to accomplish this result, but whatever), then send them with a poisoned kiss.
At Ivy's team is the giant steroid monster plague (Jeep Swanson), a cross -cutting crossroads.
The Villains' Goals are noble nodes - freeze steals diamonds to power his climate follow (in order to keep his body temperature at zero degrees), so that he can survive in order to cure for his beloved wife (vendela), dying ofuneDegenerative and frozen disease in suspension animation, and Ivy's intention is to restore the domination of plant life on earth, although by destroying all human life.
Meanwhile, on the Homefront, life in Wayne Manor is thrown into the upheavals by the illness of the butler Alfred Pennyworth (Michael Gough) and the arrival of his niece Barbara (Alicia Silverstone).
Akiva Goldsman's script for the film is ridiculous and ridiculously bad, with a surprisingly terrible dialogue, lame jokes and a horrible number of number which simply continues and fails to generate a real excitement.
This makes Goldsman's scenario by Batman Forever, which I thought was terrible, seemed positively inspired in comparison.
I am always surprised that a cheesy plot device in which I had seen - no joke - an episode from the island of Gilligan is sort of a production of blockbuster of several million dollars.
The management of Joel Schumacher of Batman and Robin is horrible, with a terrible balance of flashiness on the substance.
There is a clear vanity towards the neon in this film, even more than with its previous Batman forever, with the reworked batcave usefully sporting gigantic shiny emblems for the dynamic duo (just in case, I suppose, if theyForget that the Batcavest the seat of Batman and Robin), and with a neon in good place in a completely useless combat sequence with Bane and a street gang on the new chosen home of Ivy.
Another action sequence that does not serve as a useful point other than chewing five minutes of screen time implies an incredibly unlikely end of evening motorcycle race with Barbara and a few Gotham handshake.
M. Schumacher's objective for Batman and Robin seems to be making the film as striking visually as possible, to the detriment of history - there are drastic changes in the tone of the film between the all -out camp and the dramasincere, with the latter unconvincing ineffective.
It may not be the most promising signs when the group with which I was laughing in the twenty seconds of the opening of the film, even before a single line of dialogue hasbeen pronounced.
Are Batman and Robin supposed to be camped?
i th The ink is - it is difficult to imagine that the filmmakers could have informed many parts of the film seriously.
 (One of my favorites was when Bane usefully groaned "Bomb!"
Each time, he posed an explosive device in the Gotham observatory.)
Is it supposed to be as too camping as it turned out to be?
I doubt it in a way - the secondary intrigue involving Afred is delivered so solemnly and with such gravity that the impression is made that the film does not try to be the total farce it is.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the highest in the film as a bad mr.greeze, and is bland and without interest, perhaps the worst thing that a bad guy can be.
The attempts of Schwarzenegger to be threatening are laughable, and his attempts to transmit pathos are laughable; frankly, everything he does on the screen is laughable.
At the end of the film, I was choking a little laugh each time he just appeared on the screen.
Most of his performance is to pronounce word games and almost a peaks featuring all the possible permutations of "cool!"
in the least inventive way.
George Clooney was given very little to do in Batman and Robin, being overshadowed by the bad guys, and therefore he looks rather uncomfortable in the film.
His Batman is hardly an imposing figure.
Chris O'Donnell is not impressive in a performance of a note, while Alicia Silverstone fails to make an impression.
Is the film a saving grace?
Uma Thurman's entertaining performance entertaining as a nasty sexy poison Ivy.
His work in Batman and Robin is certainly exaggerated, but in a controlled way that works beautifully in the tone of the film.
Ms. The comic timing of Thurman is impeccable and reminds us that it takes qualified artists for the campsite to work successfully.
 (I'm already starting to positively reassess Jim Carrey's performance in Batman forever.)
Her amusing Ivy poison is the most entertaining character in the film, and when she is off screen, the film suffers greatly.
I think that if you have to die, be kissed to death by Uma Thurman is not a half -spotted way.
While Batman and Robin were barely an excitement stroll through the pulse, I must admit that I was not bored to look at him, even if I took a look at my watch several timesThrough the projection - my attention was held by the anticipation of the statement of another terrible word of words or in a line, and while waiting for another scene to fall flat.
It's been a long time since I laughed in a film.
 "AT", of course, is the operating word.