A new entry into the kind of "revisionist history" of cinema, Dick suggests that two not too brilliant teenage girls are the cause of the discovery of the biggest presidential scandal of the nation.
Kirsten Dunst and Michelle Williams Star Betsy and Arlene, who, while trying to deliver a letter of fan from the Hotel House of Arlene's Watergate, accidentally fall on G. Gordon Liddy (played to death by Harry Shearer) and the sadlyfamous break -in.
When they recognize Liddy later during an excursion to the White House field, they are introduced into a conference room, interviewed what they know and leave as official walkers of presidential dogs.
The girls manage to unintentionally discover each piece of the Watergate scandal while exercising their tasks, but have no idea what they get involved.
When they discover that Nixon (another death performance by Dan Hedaya, who actually promotes Nixon slightly, unlike Anthony Hopkins) was violent for the ladies, the presidential dog, thanks to the conversations he has always recorded, they haveleft and have become disillusioned.
During a soaring phone call that girls make to Woodward and Bernstein, events are set in motion that finally led to the president's resignation.
This film begins promising with an aging of Woodward and Bernstein arguing with each other in a Talk show of the Larry King type (with a cameo by French Stewart) on the revelation of the identity of the "deep throat".
From there, we are subject to the humor of body functions and almost all the bad "cock" jokes that can be derived from this supposed type of comedy.
At one point, the girls must shout on a high school group playing on the stages of Lincoln Memorial.
The group manages to stop well while Dunst shouts "You have to stop letting Dick get into life!"
To everyone's great horror within voice.
Several other variations on this word play surface throughout the film.
If this film had been smarter, I would have been less likely to blame your youthful bathroom humor, but this is not the case.
The film was apparently produced for relatively younger people because each major actor in the Watergate scandal is introduced and pushed the public's throat in the least subtle possible.
I do not remember that Nixon of Oliver Stone had to bend to his audience, but of course, this film was not a comedy targeting an audience from 13 to 20 years.
The only removing thing about this film is that its remarkable support cast.
I wanted to see more of Ferrell and Woodward and Bernstein from McCulloch.
These two characters are the only basis of my note.
I would like them to have received more screen time, but unfortunately, they are only relegated in the last half hour.
Their constant quarrels and their fights to try to obtain history are a major culmination point, in particular the constant screening of McCulloch of Ferrell's attempts to collect information from girls (who, during the story, are revealed as aDeep throat, so named thanks to a bad problematic planned in a porn theater by Betsy's brother).
The other members of the distribution are excellent in their representations of their particular characters, but have nothing to work with.
I would like to see the same cast representing these characters in a script more suited to their comic capacities.
As for the two tracks, Dunst and Williams can certainly do better.
They present themselves as what could be described as Romy and Michele: the first years of this particular film, a very doubtful distinction at best.
However, stay through the first half of the end credits, to see an interesting scene involving Dunst and Williams to suck in a suggestive way on the lollipops with the title of the film.
An excellent idea spoiled by a bad execution, Dick could have been an excellent film.
Less juvenile humor and more of the most intelligent comedy displayed by the scenes of Woodward and Bernstein, could have made this film a wo Satire nderful of the Nixon presidency seen through the eyes of two naive children of fifteen years.
In the current state of things, Dick only offers what filmmaker Kevin Smith defines so precisely as "dick and poopie" jokes.
And that, for me, does not make a funny film.
[PG-13]