In my opinion, the most important task of a film critic is to offer an explanation for his opinion.
But with the survivors of the soul, I am so full of critical rage that this review is likely to transform into a poisonous and uncontrollable diatribe, of the damned obligations.
However, the protocol forces me to do otherwise.
Soul Survivors tells the story of four friends linked to college: Cassandra (Melissa Sagemiller) is soft and innocent.
Party Girl Annabel (Eliza Dushku of Bring It On) goes out with the student of Harvard, Le Monde, Matt (Wes Bentley).
Matt always has feelings for Cassie, who is now going out with Sean (Casey Affleck).
Returning from a frightening Gothic party, the quartet is putting itself in a horrible car accident.
Sean dies, leaving Cassie Crestfoln and guilty, aggravated because Sean saw Matt kissing Cassie just a few minutes after Sean revealed his love for her.
While Cassie takes off through her lessons, she sees the ghost of Sean everywhere, exhorting him to follow him.
In addition to being prey to other horrible visions, Cassie is also followed by thugs of this strange party.
Annabel and Matt try to calm her down, but no one shares Cass' visions.
She must understand this purgatory on her own.
I have rarely seen a director so completely poorly managed.
In his beginnings as a director, Steve Carpenter does nothing to provoke the public to feel an emotion.
When the film's camera work is not pedestrian, it's cliché? D.
The need to carpenter close -up, his following camera Sagemiller from behind, drain the film with any anticipation.
We already know what to look for, so why should we be surprised?
And the scary feeling of atmosphere, which has recently been done so well in others, is not found here.
The Carpenter's script is based on random twists and turns with a minimum of logic and laziness loads.
This is a film where the end includes an explanation of an explanation on the plot to another character, which is one of the most wacky scriptwriting devices.
The second most blade device, of course, is the resolution "oh, it was a dream resolution".
and guess what ?
This film has both!
Not that the main body of the film, which has wisemiller which constantly flows into fear or to have a nervous breakdown, is worth it.
Since there is no captivating dialogue, no chemistry of the character exists anywhere.
This is a huge problem, because the four main characters are supposed to be couples.
Carpenter cannot even get the correct Smutty scenes, which become more widespread in the PG-13 films as bringing it back and overcoming it.
[The film has recently been overlooked with a note to get more children in the seats.
-ed.]]
When Sagemiller and Dushku dance together in a club, he rarely shows them in a full shot and he never keeps them on the camera for more than a second before relating to certain quick Michael Bay style cuts.
And when Sagemiller and Dushku take a shower together after being covered with paint, they are completely dressed.
Anyway, any sex appeal in this scene is underpoussed by its stupidity.
Why wouldn't they wash clothes in the sink or in the washing machine?
Why would they shower in their clothes?
What if they weren't covered with latex paint?
The cast, which will see better material in the future, would be wise to leave it from their curriculum vitae.
I felt sorry for Affleck, which I liked in other films, and Bentley, which was great in American beauty.
Dushku, who has an attractive quality of female feet, must stop taking roles belonging to Rose McGowan.
As for Sagemiller (a suspected surface star), I want to see her in a film where she plays a person, not an object for the gaze.
And I don't even get into the role of Luke Wilson as a priest.
At least he is friends with Wes Anderson.
Bottom line: Soul Survivors is so horrible that I feel obliged to knock on the doors and to warn them.