I think I know what you did last summer as the film that Scream and Scream 2 could have been.
Notice, however, I mean that in the worst possible way.
I know that what you did last summer is a typical slasher cop without the intelligence of the cries.
Consequently, it is even worse than some of your best photos of horror Campy (see Nightmare on Elm Street) because he thinks that it is about thirty times smarter than it is.
Based on a book for adolescents of the same name and, disappointing, adapted by Scream Scribe Kevin Williamson, I know that what you did last summer begins with modern rock music appropriately combined with surprising cinematography of a cliffAlong the ocean and a sort of summit anguish.
The appropriate atmosphere being defined (it is a horror of anxiety for the 90s), we made the parade of July 4 in a small town in North Carolina.
From there, we see the blonde and feminine protagonist, Helen Shivers (played in wood by Sarah Michelle Geller), being crowned the Queen of Croasses as "male hero", Barry Cox (wooden played by Ryan Phillipe), andAssorted by the pair of matching brunettes protagonists, Julie James and Ray Bronson (wooden played by Jennifer Love Hewitt and Freddie Prinze Jr., respectively).
After getting drunk during a party, go to a beach to discuss with spirits of urban legend and indulge in a prefiguration, and have significant sexual relations (if you believe what the characters say), the four flowA guy who crosses the road to Windy Cliff at night.
His face is mutilated so that they cannot say who it is, and they make the decision to throw it into the ocean so as not to ruin any of their future chances of success in the world.
Cut a year later.
The life of our protagonists has gone from boring to bad.
The main brunette woman, the brilliant of the group, was in the grip of guilt and almost failed outside the university.
Blond Female has lost his dreams of playing on the light and now works at the city's family store.
Male brunette is a fisherman, living from the earth.
Blond Maloun has become a complete idiot and a quarter-Arrière in a university football team.
Then, predictable, their past comes back to haunt them.
It all starts with an irrational murder, followed by the mockery of protagonists by the mysterious killer, a bad acting by a good actress (Anne heche), an improbable plot, a bad actor by the main actors, some more killed, concluding in an air conditioning, mainly culminating in the relief at the end of the film.
During all this time, the actors and actresses shake bad lines, and the main brunette man makes his best imitation of Keanu Reeves.
Not that the film is without pleasure.
Count the twists and turns of the illogical intrigue and the bad lines to have fun.
Above all, however, note the costumes of the main women and how much they are unattractive, they give the pair otherwise catchy.