I watched the price section of the "Internet Films Database" for this film, and I found that it was nominated for a Golden Globe for "Best Picture (Drama)".
Anyone who saw this film can support me on this subject: it's the worst "big" disaster films, and that doesn't really say much for this film.
 The "earthquake" is fundamentally notable because it originally included something theater where the theater trembled when the great earthquake happened.
On the video, it is a bland and slow film that gives us a lot of different characters (the catastrophe film required), then brings them together in the fight against the great catastrophe.
Although it worked, let's say, "The Tower Inferno", he is not doing here for a single reason: we don't care any of the characters.
The film gives us Charlton Heston (in one of the many shitty films of the 70s he made, including "Skyjacked" and this classic, "Green Soyntle") as a rich man married to Ava Gardner, whohas a small connection with a young single mother (GenieVeve Bujold); a Renegade police officer in suspension (George Kennedy, in his least humorous performance); in the second strangest intrigue, a motorcycle stuntman (Richard Roundtree,Just after his "tree") whose big blow is on a small track that goes backwards (yes, snoring); and the strangest sub-contort: a military / luggage man in a grocery store that has a smallTruc for the director of Buxom Victoria, and ends up taking revenge on these guys who made fun of his hair (!!!).
In small lower intrigue, there is a little useless on people who fly over L. Un. (The city of the film, by the way), who plays cards and who is married to a boring husband not acting (you thinkthat this one can not go anywhere?
Guess still. He is interested in the final costs); there is the son of Genieveveveve Bujold, who has a little adventure with sons; and for a well -necessary comedy, there is Walter Matthau (presented as Walter Mutha...
- The only laugh in the film), as a wild indirement, which is a great moment is a dance that he makes at a critical moment.
As for the real "earthquake", it is rather a discharge.
There is a full hour of a lot of character, none of whom are interesting, then about 10 minutes of tremor, to collapse and a little where a house falls almost on Bujold (closely disappeared).
This film needed all this pricing: they needed to wake everyone because they were so bored.
There is little suspense after the earthquake, although this film tries.
There is an adventure in an building of high -rise office in ruins, the wires with the child and the movement of people who are all injured.
But none of these elements is too suspended.
The final with the Heston / Gardner / Bujold love triangle is finished with a basic bit, which highlights a large discharge.
And there is no real final.
Even the "volcano" ended well, and this film has really zero.
Not only is HOKEY, but you don't care any character.
Who cares if Heston dies?
Who cares if he chooses Bujold or Gardner (although I have chosen Gardner, mainly on the basis that she can actually act)?
Who cares if Richard Roundtree earns money on his stupid "stuntman?"
Who cares if this silly child falls on his death on certain sons?
And who cares about all this plane Spiel?
If anything, "earthquake" is worth watching for the same reason "Glen or Glenda?"
East .
I mean, I laughed more than I did to "organic dome".
But this is another story (and critical).
In short, "Treathquake" gives photos in disaster a bad reputation.