There are two things that the American film industry should avoid at all costs.
One is to let an ambitious actor convert one of his favorite novels into a feature film.
Two are never Greenlight a science fiction film with John Travolta.
Namely, we present the disaster that is Battlefield Earth.
A science fiction opus features the Barbarino of Actors Guild, Battlefield Earth should only be shown to maximum security prisons when a prisoner is solo for poor behavior.
Science fiction is always a delicate beast: a tight script, a good director, an overall set of decent actors, and the ability to suspend even the most difficult unbelievers.
Battlefield Earth fails to make even one of these attributes.
Here is the intrigue. '
The year is 3000.
Humanity has become an endangered species thanks to the conquest of a breed of foreigners called psychlos (sounds like the last act of clown of the Cirque de Soleil or a group of white rap).
A small band of humans lives in radioactive caves located in the rocks in the fear of "demons" who live in the cities below.
Psychlos are extracting the earth for its resources and Terel, played by Travolta, is the head of security of the mining / slave base located in Denver.
A young thug named Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, played with a dramatic flair by Barry Pepper, ventures the safety of caves in the city to discover the truth about "Demons. '
He was quickly captured and taken to the extraterrestrial base.
After several escape attempts, Johnnie is placed in the middle of a sly secondary intrigue of Terel, involving the bypass of the gold of a vein exposed in the Rockies to its end.
Jonnie, the leader of the mining slave group, then manages to reach all the psychlo and human intelligence through a learning machine that Terel the strength to use.
Then, the story takes place until Jonnie teaches the rest of the humans the basics of trigonometry, the declaration of rights, how to use a machine gun and how to pilot a harrier jet.
The whole waste ends with a great battle of pistols and noisy and odious plans which made me pray for the fine credits.
Roger Christian, the director of this wooden beast, must have rented Dune, Blade Runner, Planet of the Apes, Independence Day, Stargate, Beastmaster, The Airwolf Episodes, The `V '' Miniseries, The Matrix and The Omega Man ...
And decided to steal every scene he could for Battlefield Earth.
Christian even turns each scene from a strange Dutch angle entitled left or right for each frame of the film!
And each scene of the film ends with an average wipe - really.
Psychlos reminded me of a cross between Jamaican basketball players with bad teeth and swollen hands and Klingon extras working on the circuit of the Star Trek Convention.
The Travolta game has not been so bad since the experts or perhaps perfect.
Jonnie Goodboy Tyler evolves towards William Wallace with lines like "You can have your freedom if you are fighting! '
Then there is the script: the film never convinces you that Jonnie's fate by teaching his human colleagues to fight and "take up the planet" would be a difficult task to accomplish.
Why ?
Because Terel provides all the tools necessary to encourage a revolt - for no particular reason next to the fact that "humans are stupid. '
Terel may be right, you know.
Humans made this film.