Synopsis: The channel architect and easily anchored, David meets his first homicide wife died five years after their divorce.
Diedre is easily consistent with David Molly so brilliant to believe that she is a children's psychologist so that she can influence Molly and David's son at a quick temperature, Michael.
Diedre, at the same time, murdered a lot of people.
Comments: The ex is a very bad movie.
I haven't seen a turkey of this magnitude for a long time.
I continued to vacillate, however, between giving the ex a star for his horror and three stars for his humor Campy (finally, I decided to divide the difference and give it two stars).
As a summary briefly in the synopsis, this is another film of the type of Psychover-Get-Her-Reven type.
I do not know how many films have been produced since the fatal attraction that use this tired scenario, but it seems that 10,000,000,000.
The ex, however, although following many of the standard shots of this Thriller sub-genre, differs slightly from the norm in that, at least, he does not take himself too seriously as as long as theMake (malicious and traced are two examples quoir in mind).
The people involved in the film realize that they are in a turkey, apparently, and transform Hammy performances which complete the ridiculous dialogue contained in the script.
The script of the ex, as I said, incorporates many predominant shots in films of his nature; however, the intrigue is so overworked and incredible that after a certain time, the spectator must accept that logicdoes not work in the field of film.
Diedre, David's first wife, kills and kills and kills, for example, without ever having to worry about police investigations and others (it is not as if she was brilliant enough not to leave the fingerprints on the scenecrime).
David and his new wife Molly find it difficult to understand why Michael, their son, has emotional problems, in particular his inability to control his anger.
Although David smokes as if tomorrow will never come and explode people every two minutes from the film, the link between him and his son is not made.
Molly is easily influenced by Diedre believing that she is a children's psychologist and allows the woman denying to spend time with her son.
Many and many times do not add up in this film.
If a spectator cannot accept this fact, he will certainly not like the ex.
If, on the other hand, he can appreciate the film for his campsite, then he will probably love it much better.
I do not necessarily want to suggest necessarily that the exercise of the ex is a memorable exercise in the camp.
Even when it is seen from an Angle iT's-to-Bad-I's, this film has not been successful.
The ex has his moments, however, almost all imply Yancy Butler (the psychotic Diedre) and Nick Mancuso (David).
These two actors transform the resolutely Hammy performances which often cause laughter.
The really horrible lines written for them help this humor.
Butler obtains most of the bad dialogue; each time his character kills someone, she has a punchline which is incredibly stupid.
When she assassinates a tenant of an apartment, she wants to use to spy on David, for example, Diedre hits the elderly woman with a doe foot and declares "I'm really sorry, your lease is terminated."
Or what would you say when Diedre takes out his therapist in another ridiculous scene?
 (Diedre's therapist wishes to renovate her, so she decides to visit Diedre, alone, in her new apartment - never realizing, of course, that it is not hers.
Therapists are generally hidden from the catatonic brain in these films).
Having managed to turn off the woman, Diedre looks at the body and said: "What have you always told me at the end of each session, Dr. Jones?
Oh that's right .
"I'm sorry, but your time is over! '"
Is what is going on For humor in the film.
The public does not necessarily laugh but groaned (the type of groan which suggests that the public cannot believe that he is looking at this shit - although looks at him).
The character of Nick Mancuso, the character of Nick Nick Nous, does not have the cheesy lines that the character of Butler offers, but his ridiculously exaggerated performance offers better comic relief.
Between the train of his cigarette, for example, in one of the best scenes in the film, David tries to explain to his lawyer what his ex-wife is.
In an exaggerated exasperation, he almost shouts "the woman is a cuckoo-bird!"
 (Believe me, it's funny in context.)
And so, the film continues until its painfully obvious conclusion.
I will not reveal the end specifically (although anyone familiar at a distance with the thrillers of this type can probably guess the just end of this film review), but I would say that the ex has one of the greatest risks ofFire that recently appears in the film.
Molly and David have a cabin that becomes engulfed by the flames in about three seconds!
Molly, at some point in the film, not observes so brilliant, after discovering that Diedre moved into an apartment in front of his family to spy on them, that "she is crazy".
You would be crazy enough too if you had rented this turkey.
I would avoid him unless it is on television and you meet him.
If you do it, you may want to look at it, moan on bad punchlines and the stupid intrigue, and you feel good that you have not spent money to rent it.