After the recent animated debacles of "A Ruguts Movie" and "A Bug's Life", I seriously plan to raise my very negative note on the film of DreamWorks in October, "Antz".
I hated this film, and yet it is so much better than these last two excursions.
 "A Bug's Life", is the second film of animated insects in the past two months, and I hoped the best, since it has been done in the wonderful style of the latest pixar film, "Toy Story"From 1995, but in no case," the life of a bug ", even from a distance corresponds to this.
Flik (David Foley), an ant, which, with its many comrades, has the job every year to bring together the seasonal harvest, only to give half the dominant grasshoppers, led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey).
Flik, however, feels alone and undesirable in the world, especially after he accidentally loses all their food, and the ants are threatened by Hopper to gather a completely different seasonal burden when the last summer sheet fallstrees.
Banis of Ant Island, Flik leaves the colony in search of a solid reinforcement to help, but thanks to a misunderstanding, returns with a handful of defenseless circus bugs, including a walking stick (David Hyde Pierce), aCamchon (Brad Garrett), a Gitan butterfly (Madeline Kahn), a male ladybug (Denis Leary) and a caterpillar (Joe Ranft).
 "The life of a bug", has something that goes.
Only one thing.
With its glorious and lively colors, the animation generated by computer is a show to watch.
The film itself, unfortunately, is a lifeless and successless machine without any flair or excitement of "Toy Story".
The characters of "A Bug's Life" are an assortment of non -friendly or dull insects without charm or personality, apart from standing and reciting arbitrary and completely faithful arbitrary.
The slim story was also extended to 94 minutes almost unbearable, and it often felt that they lacked ideas throughout, and they therefore invented unnecessary scenes to pass as a time filler.
After having given such scathing criticism to the animated films of this year, I was starting to think that I had simply exceeded them, but I realized that it was simply not the case.
I still love almost all of Disney films, and many of the most recent, such as the years 1989, "The Little Mermaid", the years 1991, "Beauty and the Beast", 1993, "The Nightmare Before Christmas" andYes, 1995, "History of toy."
Perhaps it has just been a bad year for children's films, and hopefully, the next "the prince of Egypt" will not be a disappointment.
As for "A Bug's Life", I did not appreciate anything on this subject.
Not the story, not the characters, and not even the work of voiceover, which was much more alive in "Antz".
 "A Bug's Life", decreases like another failure for Disney, and this is a sad situation when their best film in the past two years was the minor image of Jonathan Taylor Thomas, "I will be at home for Christmas. "