Fantastically on Hatted, Godzila finally throws herself on the big screen.
The film opens with images of nuclear tests on the French Polynesian Islands, then an attack on a beast's boat, and finally we join Dr.Nick Tatopoulos (Broderick in search of about 17 years)Research in Chernobyl.
A little shaded. The government's guys appear and ask him to come to an island where they have massive imprints, what looks like a giant lizard.
And moreover, this beast goes to New York.
Gulp!
Although Godzilla is a roller coaster tour constantly, and at certain times, there is something curiously involuntary and not very exciting about this film.
The main faults reside with game and writing, common problems with "Successful Summer" films.
Broderick is quite useless as a hero, without humor or a "hard" image.
Although Emperich's previous summer film, Independence Day (1996), had Wisecracks and Jeff Goldblum and Will Smith's action, it doesn't.
In addition, Maria Pitillo, as an old girlfriend of Broderick, is just as useless, with a chronic handicap in the theater.
She is unable to show emotion, speaks each line in the same way, and basically, she is total shit.
It is up to the French actor Jean Reno to save the day, and indeed he does it, by transforming a campy performance as a French secret agent.
Too bad he has such a short screen time in such a long film.
Hank Azaria also presents himself as a crazy cameraman named "Animal", and he adds a little life to the image.
Harry Shearer is also making an appearance (probably the best known for making voices in the Simpsons) as a viscous journalist.
Ok, so the game is not up to par, but it is never in these films.
But what about the script?
Well, it's not up to it either.
Emmerich and the scriptwriter Dean Devlin seem so taken in the destruction of New York that they forgot to write a script.
The dialogue is commonplace (Broderick looks at a lot of fish and editors "it's a lot of fish"), and the development of the character is not existing (Reno plays typical French ("No crescent?"),
Broderick remains forever a geek scientist.)
In addition, the film is seriously lacking in a sense of humor.
The jokes that are pronounced are pathetic, and there is a "hilarious" gag on Siskel and Ebert.
 (The mayor is the mayor Ebert and the assistant is called Gene!
Ha ha ha ha!.)
The intrigue is disastrous and, in the end, tears Jurassic Park (1993) having a lot of baby Godzilla (i. E.
Velicoorapters) run around New York.
Okay, so the script and the game are zero.
But what about special effects?
Fortunately, they are quite good.
Godzilla is an impressive piece of CGI, although we did not see much of him because the film is so dark.
The destruction of New York is also well done.
But although they are impressive, they cannot prevent Godzilla from being an extremely disappointing and boring film.
The film also continues too long, and it does not seem to decide to decide.
And of course, the end itself leaves the possibility of a suite.
Let’s just hope you never get.