Deceiver is a twist of the plot in search of a film.
This too constructed film succeeds in having many surprises and, being faithful to its title, being misleading.
But there is little in the film which deserves a deception.
Braxton (Christ Penn) and Kennesaw (Michael Rooker) are two cops investigating the brutal murder of a prostitute (Renee Zellweger).
Their only suspect is Wayland (Tim Roth), a rich young man whose phone number was found in the pocket of the whore.
However, a routine lies detector tests against investigators, because Crafty Wayland somehow transforms tables.
Braxton and Kennesaw are forced to confront their own troubled life.
Braxton is a game addict in Deep to Mook (Ellen Burstyn), a local bookmaker.
Kennesaw is bitter of his marriage to a worldly (Rosanna Arquette), believing that his wife was unfaithful.
The plot is winding and complex, with many long flashbacks and many surprises.
However, there are times when it is unnecessarily complex, and at least one body, the narration becomes so confused that the responses to important intrigue points are lost.
Take a look at the. Conidential, or the more likely inspiration of the film, the usual suspects on the way in which a complex intrigue can be properly managed.
Dialogue in DECIVER is as overcranged as the intrigue.
For example, the film tells some subvies (such as the story of an absinthe target, or an alternative telling how Van Gogh lost their ear), but they are so flat and so plastic that they present themselves asprefabricated and incredible.
There is never the feeling that these are real characters engaging in the conversation.
They seem to be nothing more than words on a scenario.
The characters, themselves, are rather pathetic and despicable.
None of them is a sympathetic ounce, and therefore, the labyrinthine intrigue is not for nothing.
What's counting who is guilty of what and why?
The writers-directories Josh and Jonas Pate seem to desire to imitate the work master of the simple coen brothers, or the bounds less worthy of the Wachowski brothers.
But, although they are cold of the plot, they must work on characterization and dialogue.