All the directors of feature films that cut their teeth on clips, please raise your hand.
Please identify you; now, you all leave.
Your influence should classify as one of the most boring trends in cinema in the past decade, and it shows no sign of slowdown.
It is not only the quality of the stroboscopic light of your montage of twenty cuts per minute, or the overflowing of popular music artists on the soundtracks that makes me suspicious of any announced film "featuring musicFrom ... "No, it is a kind of cynicism that you have perfected, depending on the idea that no one will care about the absence of a story if you include enough bells and whistles.
Welcome to the club, Scott Kalvert.
Your adaptation of basketball newspapers is noisy and unidimensional, used only as a vehicle for a performance by Leonardo DiCaprio which is better as pieces than as a whole.
Dicaprio plays Jim Carroll, the New York poet / composer / interpreter on the autobiographical writings of the film.
While the film opens, Jim is a grass high school basketball star given to the little flight and get drunk with Buddies Mickey (Mark Wahlberg), Pedro (James Madio) and Neutron (Patrick McGaw).
One night, Jim graduated from cocaine inhabitants, and shortly after heroin.
Jim's dependence on drugs begins him on a descent spiral, because he is launched from the basketball team by his coach (Bruno Kirby), expelled from his house by his mother (Lorraine Bracco) and abandons the'school.
With Mickey and Pedro, Jim becomes a victim of the street, living with fix to fix and sinking lower and lower.
Basketball newspapers have bounced back like a project for years, but the bonding point has always been that Jim Carroll as a character was too antipathetic and too lonely.
The scriptwriter Bryan Goluboff has created the three characters who act as the Carroll group, resulting in a Jim Carroll which is just as antipathetic, but now with equally antipathic friends.
As a film, basketball newspapers can be mainly intended for a history of prudence, a 100-minute public service ad, but not ", but as a drama, it is monumentally ineffective because it is impossible toworry about anyone in the film.
Jim is in a way a fool even before he became a drug addict, but I suppose that his pseudo-sensitive poetry and his devotion to his terminal friend are intended to balance this.
Perhaps we have to see Jim as one of these "good children who fall with the bad crowd" that each parent believes that his troubled child is; I saw him simply as part of the bad crowd.
Without a character who changes appreciable, basketball newspapers quickly degenerate into a collection of crimes committed by Jim and his blocked cohorts, all choreographed in an oppressive soundtrack.
The director Scott Kalvert does not have many scenes with an intrinsic dramatic impact with which to work, he therefore replaces a silly photograph in slow motion, camera angles and consciously funky and agitated editing.
On a single occasion, when a regular saucepan around a room where Jim tries to detoxify itself gives the impression that the walls close, are effective gadgets.
Above all, they simply draw attention to the hollow of history.
They also do not allow Leonardo DiCaprio's performance as strong as it could have been.
For each impressive moment, like his desperate attempt to make her mother give him money, there is a scene where Kalvert draws the attention of his own theater camera too much.
DiCaprio is more effective when he plays other actors, in particular a beautiful sequence featuring Ernie Hudson as an Ex-Junkie who tries to help Jim to straighten up, but Kalvert will not leave the interaction of the charactersDefine this story.
He wants to transform DiCaprio into a rock star, shoot him in a dramatic way but deny G-them the opportunity to do a lot of theater.
At isolate moments, The Basketball Diaries is a beautiful showcase for the talents of DiCaprio.
Much more frequently, it seems that Kalvert is trying to imagine what a long -form underground velvet video might look like.