You would think that after a while, Hollywood would stop trying to make movies from video games.
This has not worked so far.
 "Street fighter?"
 "Super Mario Brothers?"
 "Wing commander?"
 "Mortal fight?"
Not a film watched in the group.
I have always maintained a little hope for "Tomb Raider".
After all, the premise of the game is strongly influenced by the Indiana Jones trilogy and all the mummy films, there are therefore cinematographic elements included in the concept.
However, despite the potential of the project, "Tomb Raider" turns out to be another bomb.
The intrigue is an convoluted accumulation of nonsense probably borrowed from a dozen bad films.
There is an alignment once the planets to come once, and the Illuminati must find the two halves of an old triangle which controls the time to take over the world.
Of course, the ancient people who divided the triangle buried the halves in tombs on the opposite sides of the world.
Our heroine, Lady Lara Croft (Angelina Jolie), finds the key that opens the tombs in the relics that her dead father (Jon Voight) has dug.
She thinks that if she gets the triangle, she can bring her father back from the dead.
Of course, no one expected a large part of this film anyway.
In video games and action movies, the plot is only an excuse for action sequences.
However, the action in "Tomb Raider" shows little style or originality.
There are a lot of kung-fu shots and fights, but nothing progresses beyond the level of a cheap film directly for consumption.
The other awkward archaeologist film of the summer, "The Mummy Returns", was much better; he had his faults, but his action was creative and on a large scale.
Since he won his Oscars for "Girl, Interrupted", Jolie has not taken any project that would display her acting talents.
 "Tomb Raider" seems to be more interested in displaying her breasts; there is so much attention to them that it is a shame that there is no Oscar for the best performance of a Wonderbra.
Although we did not see much of his acting capacity (except for a wonderful British accent with upper crust), we have a hint on the less tasty side of pretty.
Given the rumors of incest who hang on Jolie and her supposed obsession with death, the fact that Lara is obsessed with the resusciation of her deceased father (and not interested in one of the living males around her) seemsA bad choice.
Having the true father of pretty life, Jon Voight, the dead father makes him even more scary.
I have not yet decided what to do with the director Simon West.
His first feature film was the star disaster "con air", but my opinion of him improved with "the general's daughter", which was thick with a sensual atmosphere.
Now this train wreck.
I hope he improves again because his next project is the big screen version of the cult television series "The prisoner".
Hollywood has already messed up "The Avengers" and "The Prisoner" represents a chance of redemption.
 (By the way, speaking of British television, fans of "Red Dwarf" should look for Chris "Rimmer" Barrie in his first role as a major film).