The former soldier of the Universe Luc must fight a group of more recent engineering fighters who have gone wrong.
the article
Jean-Claude Van Damme has a single liner at the start in Universal Soldier: The Return, his last attempt to remain relevant, which sums up all this film; he says "was there, does that".
No film criticism could better summarize the choices of recent films by Van Damme.
While other aging stars of action have been judiciously transferred to other kinds of films (Schwarzenegger makes as many family comedies as action films), Van Damme persists obstinately to stick to what worked forHim: martial arts and firearms.
This reluctance or perhaps the inability to move to new genres has brought Van Damme into the video world, the legionnaire never seeing the interior of a multiplex.
He joined his compatriot Martial Artist / Star of Action Steven Seagal as they watch their film careers quickly move away.
Universal soldier: the return is really poor.
The intrigue is a complete copy of several action films of this decade, in particular Terminator 2: Judgment Day and the similar soldier.
Soldier Kurt Russell was an older model than Super-Soldat sent to retirement when the circumstances forced him to fight his successors, for the good of a planet; the terminator of Schwarzenegger in T2 tried to save John ConnorFrom a new model killing machine, the T-1000; and Jean-Claude, a former universal soldier, must save the planet from the unleashing of a group of more recent model soldiers.
Given the poor soldier's poor performance at the box office, it is surprising that this project has ever had the green light.
Luke Devereaux (Van Damme) was the only universal soldier remaining (or unisol to make it short), until he returned to a normal human form, although muscular.
In this suite (technically the fourth film in the series, after two failures directly to the video that was ignored here in terms of conspiracy), Luke is now a human coach / consultant for the Unisol program.
In collaboration with Dylan Cotner (Xander Berkeley, which also appeared in T2), the Unisol program has designed a harder and more fierce combat force with the help of Super-Complete Seth.
Unfortunately, by learning that the program was axed by the government, Seth takes control of its soldiers, killing everyone in the building except Luc, his partner Maggie, his daughter Hillary and Erin, a journalist trapped inThe interior.
The rest of the film implies that Luke tries to keep them all alive, while beating a group of almost indestructible soldiers, notably Romeo (Popular Wrestler Goldberg).
There are a lot of fights, firearm battles, lame plot developments and a significant lack of plausibility.
There are so many clichs in this film that he is almost painful to watch.
Luke is struggling with the task of saving the reporter at the start, and in a single night, they go from the quarrel to the fall for each other, to the kisses.
Erin is a pathetically written character; people are brutally killed all around her, and yet, not only does that not seem to be scary, but she finds time to remind Luc that she "does not leave without her history".
never mind .
Other laughable moments include a) Luke goes to a striptegun club that should work better), choose to fight with their unnecessary weapons anyway (guess who wins the battle?).
Not a single scene in Universal Soldier: the return has an originality.
When they are fed by the partition of Don Davis music and music, the many fights in the film become almost passable, but are above all full of the same movements of Jean-Claude.
The director Mic Rodgers (a former stunt coordinator) maintains the action at a quick pace, with only a few serious moments in chips be found.
His past work is obvious in the many moments when the characters are thrown through windows, thrown buildings or sent to fly into the air thanks to an explosion.
If only Jean-Claude did not become so old and slow compared to young actors in martial arts like Jet Li, Rodgers could probably have made a decent action film.
However, the blame for Van Damme's feet is an injustice.
I'm not sure that anyone, even Robert Deniro or Edward Norton, can only writers William Malone and John Fasano's script sound well.
A particularly painful scene is when Erin asks Luc how he is so sure that the aforementioned strip club will have internet access.
He creaks, look at his eyes and mumbles "uh ... uhm ...
They all do it, I saw it on 60 minutes.
huh he he "the script and indeed the only saving thanks to the whole film is Goldberg.
He chews each scene in which he is, obviously appreciating his role a lot.
He even gives the film a few laughs, while he mumbles things like "I really don't like this guy" whenever he doesn't kill Luke.
Unfortunately, his presence is not enough to become a universal soldier: the return in anything better than a lower action film than the average which really deserves to have joined his other suites by going directly to the video.