* * * be warned ...
The following review contains hard language * * *
The Blair Witch project.
Most likely the least scary film of all time.
If you want to see a real terror on the big screen, go back and look at any scene with Jar Jar Binks in the ghost threat, because this film is not frightening or even scary.
My colleague and friend Chuck Dowling wrote that if less is more, Blair Witch's filmmakers had to think that nothing is more.
And it worked for him.
Well, I'm sorry, but nothing ...
it's nothing !!!!!
Nothing is no more.
It is notthiiiiiingGGGGGGGGGGGG !!!!!!.
I don't pay $ 5 to see nothing.
 "Nothing" is free, available worldwide in a place near you.
I am absolutely surprised that some people find this film scary.
I could simply dismiss them and say: "Well, I suppose that it is only chicken shit that are probably afraid of their own shadow."
But I have intelligent friends who love this film and therefore it does not have water.
There must be another reason.
 (Again, maybe my first thought is correct, I think I will try to point their shadow one day and test their reaction.)
When I hear people rent this film, I never hear them talking about what represents about 97% of this film: three children bicker with each other about loss.
They only talk about what could invent 3 to 4 minutes of screen time.
These are a few very short night scenes where children hear unconnected sounds and another where they cry "Josh !!"
again and again .
This film should not be called the Blair Witch project, it should be more precisely called three stupid and pissing filmmakers are lost ...
And discuss each other.
Oh ladies and gentlemen, you will be so afraid when you hear them screaming "Josh !!".
And if you thought it was frightening, wait until you see a bunch of rocks, then a few Tinkertoy Lincoln logs, oh my dear Lord, you will piss in your fear pants.
Oh yeah, and a little goo on one of their backpacks.
You have never seen terror like this, and you don't want to.
The comedy game Chevy Chase / Goldie Hawn is more scary than this film.
 (For current films, I strongly recommend the sixth sense or a stir of echoes for a frightening film experience.)
This film is an example of marketing without substance.
Marketing was brilliant and the whole nation is impressed by the premise for the film.
They want this film to be good.
And I think they reach and praise the bad film because they have nothing else to rent.
This wonderful film that rejuvenates the kind of horror can come, but that's not it.
This film could have been so much better.
Just think, if maybe there had only been 10 minutes of discussion on the loss and 80 minutes of night stuff.
I saw this film with a girl who was extremely pumped for that.
It was sold on this film.
And then, at one point, she turned to me and asked "... are
We have supposed to be frightened by this? '.
I heard an opinion that you "have to use your imagination" to create fear in this film.
Well, I thought that was what the filmmakers were supposed to do.
Use their imagination and create a good movie.
I mean that anyone can use their imagination and not pay 5 dollars for it.
But even if you like this idea, what do you imagine?
An entity called Blair Witch?
Linen fucks with these children?
Is one of these things really frightening when you think about it ???
I heard several people say that this film makes them remind how scary it can be to be in the woods and hear something.
Of course, it is frightening in real life, but there are many things that are frightening in real life that are not frightening in a film or even interesting.
You can sit in your home and see a snake or a spider and it could be frightening, but in an F It would not be.
And no, a film does not need a big budget or CGI special effects to be frightening or frightening.
In fact, the least the least (see the right -wing remake of the haunting).
But you have to do something.
You can't just count on us all nostalgic memories of how something could be scary, if it was real.
And by the way, about the filming of Shakycam in Blair Witch.
It is not supposed to be "filmmakers" who should know how to point a camera and pull something without constantly shaking the camera?
I'm not even talking about the couple scenes where they are terrified, it's justified.
I'm talking about the other 87 minutes of the film where they don't seem to be going smoothly at all.
Minor who over there.
There is a feeling in me that people who love this film are lollipops.
May the filmmakers just make fun of their asses to the bank.
And I think there is a good chance that they will see this film again and say to themselves "what was I thinking about?".
But, if they don't, it's good.
If it works for them, it's okay, I suppose.
I simply deplore that by making this film a success, we will be submitted to more of the "nothing is more" approach.
Soon we will get films like this: just a boost from a prison cell.
for 90 minutes.
And we will have to use our imagination and think of ourselves: "Isn't my God scary to spend life in prison? !!
This film is the most scary film of all time !!!!! ".
Or, a photo of a coffin, with some funeral directors arguing with each other.
 "Dude, you know how scary it would be to die ?????? !!!!
Now this is the most scary film of all time !!!! "
[R]