It is your final "Hollywood" film, extremely predictable, following the basic formula (a horrible end), a writing too zealous (which means that the writing was bad and seemed to try too hard to make it exciting, thisWho gives the impression that things were simply thrown in there to fill the space) and if Tommy Lee Jones and his adorable-sage character (which we have already seen in the fugitive and very frankly, were not used enoughHere), I am afraid the film would have been completely unbearable.
In this film, Ashley Judd embodies a woman who is wrong for having killed her husband when he was navigating for a weekend.
In prison, she discovers that her husband is really alive and that he has supervised the murder over her.
on money (how original).
In prison, she trains, exercises and does her best to put herself in perfect condition.
Now she learned a law entitled "Double Jeopardy" declaring that if she purges her full sentence and comes out, she could kill her husband and the law could not touch her (although he was explained that it is notas well as the real law).
Now, his PO (parole agent), and a bunch of cops are pursuing it and are conflict whether or not to believe its claims.
Jumping on the game: the fact that Judd is more a spectator than an actress (no offense, she was good [Simon Birch] and even very good to big [embrace girls] sometimes, in the past and I believehave the potential to be better.
But she is terribly unconvincing in this area and her performance seems vitiated and unsatisfactory) does not add to the film at all; just kidnaps.
As I said, Jones was fine, even if he didn't have much to work.
He was much more a support character.
Which is good, and he managed it well; especially given the material with which he had to work.
I think this film had a lot for that.
Originality is not a problem.
The game was the only thing (as I said) by keeping it alive.
The intrigue seemed quite intriguing and could have been as applied as well.
The action scenes were well made (but sometimes moved).
I just remained dissatisfied in the long term.
So, fundamentally, part of the action may have been exciting but truly excessive, the plot has certainly been done before (in general), the film moves far too quickly for us to get involved in theCharacters or the plot, and is essentially a film which was almost saved by Tommy Lee Jones, who if he had more screen time, might have saved a higher note; in my book, anyway.
Keep this in mind, if you are in a mood for a good action movie - rent the fugitive.
D +