Brian de Palma, the director who bought us Carrie, dressed to kill and mission: Impossible is back and bought all his technical expertise with him.
Unfortunately, he forgets to bring a good story and credible characters.
Nic Cage plays Rick Santaro, a rapidly speaking cop who watches a boxing match with his friend Commander Kevin Dunne (Sinise.)
An assassination takes place and Santaro tries to peace together how it happened, trying to play the role of the people involved in this plot.
The film uses flashbacks and video cameras to collect the mystery.
However, the film does not keep the mystery for a long time, and once the great `secret '' was released concerning Kevin Dunne, the film is in an impasse.
Although there are fantastic photos of De Palma, including a 15-minute steadicam shot at the start of the film, halfway from the film Duts Dead.
The problem is that De Palma does not have a story or strong characters with which to work with.
He tries to lower this with flashy camera techniques, but very quickly it has no effect on the public, and I quickly got bored.
Nic Cage and Gary Sinise try to inject a certain life to poorly made characters, but it is not useful.
They are boring, faceless and completely unlikely.
Yes, another problem with the film is that there is no one for which we root.
We are supposed to be on the cage side, because his character becomes more pleasant throughout the film.
However, his change is unfortunately incredible.
The character of poor Gary Sinise is terrible, who changes completely throughout the start, in the middle and the end, in a terrible way.
The use of the film by the film quickly becomes boring.
Although intelligent and interesting the first times, it quickly becomes obvious that flashbacks are used because the film has nowhere to go.
They certainly do not increase the tension or suspense of the film.
There is a small suspense thread that crosses the film, but that certainly does not make this film a powerful thriller, rather just a little lower than the average.
The script is ugly and artificial, the flat and two -dimensional characters.
Certainly no good factors for a film that happens for a thriller.
The most depressing aspect of the film is that it had potential.
There is a good story buried in the snake eyes, it is just bogged down in a dazzling dazzling and flashbacks.
He also goes far too quickly, rather than leaving the great twist for the end.
Although the performances are intriguing, in particular by the newcomer Carla Gugino as a sexy 'Number Cruncher "wrapped in the case, there is no way to modify the fact that Snake Eyes is a case of terminal style,And unless you are a large fan of the cage or the flash staging must be avoided.
A review by David Wilcock? 1998
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes