Here is a film that unfortunately follows Hong Kong's configuration of creation and narration to the letter.
These types of films are marked by a revealing sequence which presents the main characters to us; an intrigue of life and death in which these characters are involved; the inclusion of a multitude of characters without consequences; ridiculous sub -intrigues andHenchmen wearing sunglasses.
This does not mean that I do not like films influenced by Hong Kong; however, it is quite obvious that these filmmakers are not the slightest idea that the American filmmaker needs more than hip hip rings-Hop and stupid gags in sight.
Observe the opening sequence.
A band of hired killers is about to storm an apartment, led by Melvin (Mark Wahlberg) and Cisco (Lou Diamond Phillips).
They are waiting for their partner to cut power so that they can take the assault on the apartment with the help of infrared glasses.
However, their partner is not sure of the cable to be cut.
He is undecided.
This occurs for about 10 seconds.
The public finds a little humor in his madness.
The lights suddenly go out.
Cisco is surprised and says: "Whoa .... let's go
go !"
And they storm the apartment in a very well executed sequence.
The great success of the title refers to an abduction which occurs a quarter of the path through the film.
Need liquidity, Cisco develops a plan to kidnap the daughter (China Chow) of the wealthy Japanese industrialist Jiro Nishi.
However, the daughter is also the daughter of God of Paris (Avery Brooks), who is the boss of Cisco and Melvin.
Devu and unbearable, Paris orders Cisco to discover the brain of the removal.
During his "investigation", Cisco is part of Melvin as a leader, and Paris orders his capture and his execution.
Melvin must now find a way to stay alive.
By the way, do you know how the investigation takes place?
Cisco's partner makes the Rançon telephone call believing that his call will not be traced due to a trace buster which prevents tracing.
But, Mr.nishi has a trace Buster Buster.
To counter this, the partner of Cisco has a Buster Buster from Trace.
But Nishi has a Buster Buster Buster Buster.
And so on ...
There is no doubt that it is an interesting world in which they live.
And there are a lot of problems that we would like to know more.
How does Melvin justify his profession to his fiancée?
What is happening among this clique?
Why is Cisco in disagreement with Melvin?
There is actually a lot of potential material that could have been explored, but it seems that no effort is made to go in this direction, and instead, we have a not so agricultural plot filled with lining and silly gags, foreign sub -intrigues and Tomfoolery.
And, I did not even mention the parents visiting his finances who want them to separate, neither the mistress of Melvin, nor the video clerk with button requiring the return of a late video and thusfollowing.
If the great success signals the future of Hong Kong style films which are made for the American public, take me now.