Michael Richards leaves his place as Kramer in the infamous SitCom on the Seinfeld television for a passage as a best -friendly and clumsy friend of the lawyer of Jeff Daniels in this unfortunate and funny, "Comedy".
Land: Richard the actor (Richards) must replace Charles, the lawyer (Daniels) in a real judicial case, after Charles is unintelligible from a night of excessive alcohol consumption during his baccalaureate.
The film follows the puffs of the two men as they try to get away with their tomfoolery.
Critality: this film did not make me laugh once.
Maybe it was because I was tired when I looked at him.
maybe .
It was perhaps because I saw Richards playing most of the same scratch thousand times on Seinfeld.
maybe .
Maybe it was because the film was just not funny.
absolutely .
The lack of humor was not the only problem I had with this film either.
The film tries to weave some love stories through its vision, but unfortunately, they also lack conviction, credibility and credibility.
They are artificial and seem to be placed in history for reasons of convenience.
The actors were all adequate sufficiently in their roles, but the problem did not lie in the game.
I would like to be able to find a good reason for you to see this waste of time, but I can't.
Unless of course, you need something that plays on your TV while you waste time in the house.
Overall, this film stinks.
On the right side, Charlize Theron is damn cute, and the film is no longer 90 minutes.
On the wrong side, this film is not funny, interesting or pleasant in any possible way.
A person would not even appreciate his nachos while looking at this void.
Please jump it.
Little known facts: Jonathan Lynn obtained a law degree from Cambridge before becoming an actor / director.
Charlize Theron grew up on a farm outside Benoni, South Africa, as the only child.
At the age of 18, his mother made him go to Los Angeles to try a career in the film industry.
She came to Los Angeles without knowing anyone in the city, but after two weeks, when she was line up on Boulevard Hollywood, an agent gave her her card.
After eight months at La, she obtained her first part.
Since then, she has taken lessons as an actor and her career has soared, in particular in Devil's Advocate (8/10).
Charlize was bounded by Elizabeth Berkley for the main role in the "film", Showgirls.
She was cited as saying "it was as if I had a guardian angel."