"In Dreams" could keep you awake at night, but not because of his frightening imaging, his bizarre visual style or his story as clairvoyant who attracts young girls to their premature death.
No, the source of potential insomnia is found here in the brutally wasted potential of the film, the least of which is a premise certainly clever - even according to tired serial killer standards.
The great disappointment, however, comes from consciousness that this 100 -minute head rope was organized by Neil Jordan, the man behind "The Crying Game".
He is no stranger to cinematographic strangeness, but this stupidity of hazelnut really pushes the envelope.
Things start quite strong, with the superb camera work of the director of photography Darius Khondji guiding viewers in the bowels of an underwater ghost city during a scary prologue which establishes a dark tone from the start.
This strange opulence remains a dazzling manifestation of staging throughout the film - there is even something macabre on how Khondji photographs a rustic and apparently innocent autumn in New England - but if there was a filmWho did not deserve such a good varnish, it is it.
Do not hit the look, but say what you want with stupid intrigue, underdeveloped characters and flat dialogue.
Annette Bening, another asset "in dreams" should not be as lucky to boast, gives an increasingly effective performance in a role that does not do much for her in return.
She plays Claire Cooper, a children's book for children from Massachusetts which is plagued by terrifying nightmares involving kidnapping children.
She thinks that these visions are an overview of the warning for horrible crimes and soon committed, but neither her Ho-Hum husband (Aidan Quinn) nor the Ho-Hummer police can bring it together to take it seriously.
It is a thriller, we know that it is actually on money, and it is a credit for Being to act that it also plunges into the madness and compassion of Claire.
But as soon as a body presents itself and Claire gave the authorities sufficient reason to believe its affirmations, "in dreams" is negotiated in its clever supernatural chills for a long series of allegedly frightening jerks which simply refuse to have a meaning.
Scenes accumulate like a car wreck with little or no explanation or exhibition.
The sub -intrigues appear and disappear.
When Claire finally finds himself face to face with our evil murderer (Robert Downey Jr.), it turns out that her name is Vivian, he is clairvoyant and he has major problems with Mama, at Norman Bates.
 "In Dreams" reaches his absurd Zenith here, and the culmination is dragging with mumbled revelations and laughable twists and turns.
Some questions, then: what is apple compote in warming up the elimination of garbage?
Are the blood drawings or painting on the wall?
Who increased the Andrews sisters on the CD player and moved the swing alone?
And the computer?
Does Vivian have the gift of telekinesis in addition to his other powers?
Why would he continually put clear danger if it was necessary for her ultimate plan?
Is the woman in Australia integrated into something?
And the aforementioned flooded city - what function is it really used?
sigh .
At least in my own dreams, I can imagine a better film where some talents were not wasted.