"Varsity Blues" is the best film of 1999 so far.
Unfortunately, this is also the first film I saw from 1999.
Another of these sports films in a small town involved an imperfect, but with a good heart from 1999.
It is another of these small town sports films that involves a defective protagonist but with good heart; a raw and nasty coach; and the "big game".
At the end, will the oppressed overcome large ratings and triumphs?
Will everyone in the city turn against the coach?
Will the team win the highest match?
Do cats bathe regularly?
The so-called "hero" in question is John Moxin (James van der Beek), a senior at West Canaan high school who plays for the university football team, but really hopes to get a scholarship at Brown University forthat it may be of the city without outing.
At least he has the good idea, since West Canaan, Texas, is described in the film as, frankly, pathetic, the whole city dealing with weekly football matches as the second coming.
Heck, in a scene, the first page of the city newspaper proclaims about the great victory of West Canaan badgers the day before.
When the star quarter of the team is seriously injured, tearing the ligaments in his leg, John finds himself taking over from the team, but his few minutes of glory do not last long, while he begins toHaving problems with her girlfriend (Amy Smart) when she discovers, he spent an evening with another girl (Ali Larter).
And after staying overnight with his friends to drink in a band joint (all the teenagers of the film are described as rabid alcoholics), the team lost his second match, putting John in Feuds with the coach (Jon Voightqui, like Gary Oldman, exceeds his welcome in the typical role as a "bad").
Worse, the coach threatens to ruin John's scholarship chances if the badgers do not win their last game.
The conspiracy of "Varsity Blues" is as old as the hills and contains each photo of the book.
Admittedly, I never was exactly bored while I was looking at it, but I rush to add that I was rarely entertained.
Throughout, everything I could really think about, it is how the same exact story had been filmed with much more reflection and maturity in "All The Right Moves" of 1983.
One of the biggest problems I encountered with the film is the little interest that the characters were really, especially, certainly not John, who, played by Van der Beek (from "Dawson's Creek" of TV),No boreseans is no engaging qualities.
Although I should probably not blame this on Van der Beek, since the scenario inaugurated and "by-the-number" by W.peter Iliff has no help, he is certainly not in the Tom Cruise League in"All the Hight Moves".
The story revolving around John, on the other hand, is extremely thin throughout, in particular for its duration of 104 minutes, and it alternates between a comic relief without inspiration (as when the students see their teacher of sex education workas stripper at the club) and heavy-melodrameh.
The romance between John and her girlfriend had the potential to be an adequate secondary intrigue, but we also learned very little about her, which is unhappy because Amy Smart, which I do not think I have already seen in previous films,is probably the character written with all kinds of intelligence.
Smart does not allow her character to become the "passive girlfriend", rather as a young woman with her own ideas and opinions.
It is a shame that the camera did not linger long enough so that we can hear some of these thoughts.
Adult characters probably get out of worse, because they must all play residents of a weak -minded city that cares about football.
John's relationship with his parents can also be a telegraph well in advance.
His father is put on him to become a football player in A university, but John wants nothing of that.
Her mother stands next to her "big strong husband" and is a passive woman.
Finally, Jon Voight plays the character of the stock intimidation coach and he does nothing to make the role ungrateful more than a dimension.
The saving "Varsity Blues" to be a total washing is some fun sequences, including a section in the sex education course, which laughed at me.
The football player scenes were well drawn and fortunately did not exceed their welcome, because many sports films are victims.
But leaving the theater, the question I had in my mind was why this film had to be made?
I seem to ask a lot of things to this question lately, because the same old stories seem to get out of Hollywood.
Do we really need another high school sports film?
No, we do not do it, and certainly not one of this weak caliber, which looked like a work of spare parts guilty of much better, but similar films.
 "Varsity Blues", without a doubt, the first, however, to include a serious scene in which one of the characters does not carry whipped cream on their private parts.