At the start of the swordfish, Gabriel Shear by John Travolta punished the status of American cinema today.
Basically, he says, this comes down to a lack of imagination among the majority of writers.
As it is ironic, as Travolta seems to describe his last business.
The swordfish is noisy, violent and amoral.
He has the audacity to justify murder and chaos in the name of maintaining our lifestyle.
And how does Gabriel de Travolta plan to do this?
By depriving billions of its own government and using funds to terrorize terrorists too much.
The sword is a very cynical film.
It is based on the perception by an audience of our leaders as ineffective and duplicity and on terrorists as non -human and faceless stretches which are not worthy of compassion or consideration.
The intrigue of the film is absurd with enough illogical jumps that if the film slows down, you would in fact see how ridiculous this is.
It is a live runner cartoon live, moving so quickly that it is finished before you can catch your breath to ask reasonable questions.
The story revolves around the Super Hacker Stanley Jobson (Hugh Jackman), recruited by Gabriel to break the government's computer codes so that Gabriel can collect billions for his anti -terrorist campaign.
Talk about struck patriotism.
There are many objections to the swordfish.
The number of bodies is high, but this is expected in a film of this kind.
It becomes a bore that looks at anonymous soldiers, police officers and government agents blown into pieces.
Another example is the family dynamic between Stanley, her 10-year-old daughter and her ex-wife.
Stanley, although having served a piracy prison, is shown as a loving and attentive father, prohibited by his ex from seeing his little daughter.
Public animosity is immediately created for her former spouse by showing her like a drinker and a smoker who also sometimes plays in adult films of her new husband.
Thus, when she was found assassinated late in the film, neither Stanley nor her daughter is allowed to cry.
In fact, unconsciously, many in the public are probably happy that she was killed.
Then there is the sequence involving one of Gabriel's henchmen holding a firearm at the head of Stanley's girl to force the pirate to download the key computer program for Gabriel.
Children and pawns have become a most unwanted cliché? In recent films.
There is enough violence in the real world involving children without also having victims on the screen.
Yes, it only believes, but that doesn't mean you have to tolerate it.
Travolta is cool, mortally charming and flamboyant like the almost crazy Gabriel.
His character recalls his nasty characterizations in an arrow and a broken face.
Jackman looks in most of the procedures.
His only moment of depth occurs when he is finally able to create the worm to enter the government database.
His sense of joy and accomplishment is the one that everything that people can appreciate.
Halle Berry is decorative and charming as a assistant to Gabriel, while Don Cheadle has little to do as a chief of the FBI at Gabriel hunt.
Swordfish plays like a comic strip with a character larger than life in Gabriel.
Viewers align with him despite their uncertainty if he is hero or mean.
And perhaps this is the underlying defect of the film: there is no real hero to speak, only those who make their highest level to survive.
And it is not enough.
It was a sword that should have been returned to water.