Bastard Happy's quick film review
Wild Wild West
A better name for this film may have been "wild wild waste".
Warner Bros., In an attempt to get their own men in a black style, had succeeded in Lasso in big names (actor Will Smith and director Barry Sonnenfeld, the duo behind Mib's success) in order to obtainTheir own blockbuster of the fourth July, a contemporary update on the big screen of the Western / Sci-Fi Classique The Wild Wild West with Robert Conrad.
But in one way or another, they encountered a problem along the way.
They were so busy trying to fill specific roles that they forgot one in general that would have made all the difference - a history writer.
Wild Wild West's story and script were compiled by six different people, rather than the one who put the brilliant touches to men in black, Ed Solomon.
If Warner Bros. had obtained, the film may have been five times better than what it is.
ten times.
Anyway, however, the story and the scenario are a mess, filled with dead laughs, enough racist and sexual jokes to even cringe while it executes them, and a complete lack of chemistry thatThe television show so well worked.
Here is the story: the member of the American army James West (Will Smith) teams up with the creative genius Artemus Gordon (Kevin Kline) to face a ruthless villain by the name of Arliss Loveless (Kenneth Branagh), half of whichwas exploded during the Civilguerre, letting it roll in a steam wheelchair.
They catch an intrigue of its involving a super-arme which can essentially be considered as an 80-foot tarantula (although it looks greater than that), hell to destroy anything on its way.
As I said, the way the script takes place is a complete mess.
But the game does not help either.
Kevin Kline is miserable as Gordon, not even posted a Smidgeon of care as he did in the 1985 Western Silverado.
Smith seems to have a better time as a West, although it is not as charming as in Mib.
Branagh goes excessively above the summit as a bad guy, perhaps to the point where we cannot even bear to look at him or his strange beard.
And Salma Hayek is for the journey to search for her missing father, but it exists especially for sexual attention.
His game is hardly passable, but what "breath of fresh ass".
Director Barry Sonnenfeld is not of great help either.
Even if he shows good creativity at times, his global emergency for the staging is lost.
It is as if he felt that he was directing a TV movie, a great non-no when you direct what is supposed to be a big screen.
Finally and above all, there are huge logic gaps that are simply unacceptable.
At one point, Smith challenges gravity when the Kline's train boarding for the first time.
He jumps on his back, is launched directly into the air and somehow manages to land three cars in front of the train - while she is still in motion!
In addition, it seems strangely at ease to talk about racism before a lynching, given the fact that his family was killed by such people.
Finally and above all, why is he still making faces of kissing when he knows that he does not kiss a woman when he looks through an enemy's Judas?!
The only saving grace for Wild Wild West is mainly in the form of special effects.
The huge mechanical spider is a technical wonder, a very authentic and considerable appearance to the creativity of the show.
There is also a good sequence involving metal magnet hills and rotating saw blades, but, once again, a logical question comes into play regarding their polarity.
I would say that you sit and have a good time with the West West West West, but it is really not possible.
If racist and sexual jokes do not bother you, the performance will do so.
If the performances do not disturb you, the story will do so.
If the story does not bother you, the racist and sexual jokes will do so.
There is no end to the Vicious Ci RCLE.
Go rent men in black instead and claim that Smith and Tommy Lee Jones wear cowboy hats.
You will have a better time.
If you go there, keep an eye on Robert Conrad in a role of president Grant.
I bet he wants him to be elsewhere ...