With the exception of a few brilliant moments of good verbal comedy, this old feeling is embarrassing to sit down.
Bette Midler and Dennis Farina play Lilly and Dan, actress and author, have now been married violently divorced, and back together one last time for the marriage of their daughter Molly (Paula Marshall).
Lilly and Dan hate each other passionately - so passionately that they have sex in marriage and fall back in love again.
Everyone abandons their current 14 -year -old spouse and fled with the other.
Molly, married now at only 24 hours, fled in search of her irresponsible parents while her husband Keith (Jamie Denton) tries to console the abandoned spouses.
In Molly's search for her parents, she somehow falls in love with the paparazzo Joey de Lilly (Danny Nucci).
Meanwhile, the young groom Keith ends up consoing Dan Rowena's wife (Gail O'Grady) in bed.
The public I saw this apparently thought that all the adultery was hilarious.
I am not Dan Quayle, but I thought it was a bit frightening.
The message seemed to be "ignore your responsibilities without representation and have fun kissing who you want".
 "Family values" apart, there is something cruel in all of this.
Maybe this film would have played well as a black comedy, but the film is a romantic comedy.
We are supposed to be rooted for these goosebumps.
Reiner and screenwriter Leslie Dixon tried to facilitate our task by making the victims not very kind.
Lilly's husband is a new age flock that walks on the “valet emotional parking lot”, so that we can raft it as non -relevant.
Dan's wife is in vain, manipulative and jealous so that we can raft her like a dog.
Molly's husband is a self -centered and selfish republican politician who thinks she is too big (and just to make a good measure, he also fucked Dan's wife), so that we can raft him like a bite.
Everyone falls in love.
But still, this does not somehow justify the actions of the main characters in the film.
 "It's a bite" or "she is a slut" is not a defense.
The film is somewhat bought by a fun dialogue - often during heating arguments - and by performance greater than the midler and Farina average (breaking from his character mold).
Apart from that, it is a standard romantic comedy with a much lower gadget.