The premise of this film is, well, quite eccentric.
Tom Berenger plays Shale, a mercenary who is temporarily without work (these fools at the CIA denied his existence simply because he and his friends have shy a job in Cuba).
Fortunately, her girlfriend (Diane Venora), a teacher at Christopher Columbus high school in Miami, obtained her knee cap broken by an unhappy student, creating a job opening for the shale as a substitute teacher.
Not saying to his girlfriend, who could oppose educational land, he creates a certain number of higher false degrees (from Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and Al) and begins his mandate as a high school teacher.
Students (drug addicts, drug traffickers, gang members, shady sluts, discomfort.
Get the photo) don't really bring him right away, so he hits one in the face with a box and breaks a few fingers.
This draws their attention to a certain extent, so he tells them the story of the Vietnam War: "See, some Northern Homeboys tried to build muscle on the lawn of the Homeboys in the South."
Oh yeah, now they can dig it; the problem is just that no one has ever explained it correctly before.
but wait !
There are drugs treated at school itself!
And behind the whole diagram, in wicks with the gang in mind, the kod (no, not "cod", but "knights of destruction" ... really!), Is none other than ... the
Law, former copy director, played by the forgotten Ghostbuster, Ernie Hudson!
So the shale does what any good teacher would do.
He brings together his friends, they bring together a bunch of bazookas and other major weapons, explosives and nice things like that, and they have a great force for drug traffickers and Kod in high school.
Ok, so the premise is not only far -fetched, it's downright stupid.
If it was an action comedy from Hong Kong, we could simply accept it, but it takes itself too seriously to be really fun.
Oh, he has his moments; how can we really hate a film in which huge (really) quantities of cocaine are delivered on school buses?
And to be fair, it is almost never really boring, because the action is interrupted by only short sequences of history.
But overall, it's about a film made for television with more (and larger) explosions and a coarse language.
In fact, it reminded me of "Miami vice" without production values, girls in lean bikinis and pastels.
If you can sneak in the theater without paying, go for it.
Otherwise, wait for the video.
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.