Godzilla is a nuclear monster.
It is a lizard transferred over the years and has become a new species, a new species which has a foot as long as this bus and a claw as long as this sign.
This aquatic creature made its first attack in the Pacific Islands.
He torn a ship that transported dozens of Japanese men.
One survived.
He never stopped telling the terror he had seen.
He was simply able to repeat the words "Godzilla ... Godzilla ... Godzilla".
The film then presents Matthew Broderick, a biologist who studied the fascinating growth of the verses of thermobyl.
 "They are 17% larger than before!", He proclaims.
The U.S. L'Armée withdraws it from this three -year project and attributes it to understand what Godzilla is.
And, my boy, he discovers him.
And, my boy, does Godzilla sucks.
I hate to use such a word in a criticism, something that is supposed to inform my audience, but I really need to drive it home and I refuse to use expires.
It is incredible for me to see how the producers of this film saw the final cup and said: "OK!
It's good !
Let's show this puppy. "
Roland Emmerich needs a good whisk on horseback.
His latest trash piece makes ID4 look like a masterpiece of modern American cinema.
And if Steven Spielberg had never directed the Jurassic Park films, Emperich and his team of Imbeleclles in accordance with talents would never have had the slightest idea of the appearance of the creature.
Let me give you some examples of this terrible attempt at cinema.
I intend to give things here.
In my opinion, Godzilla has no surprises for anyone with a higher IQ than their size of shoe, so ... no
worries .
However, if you are looking for this "thrill for the first time" and refuse to let me do this favor, by all means, stop reading now.
One.) Godzilla makes his very first attack in the Pacific Islands.
He then hits New York.
UM ... Anyone has a card at hand?
Born) The mayor of New York is a heavy individual with separate gray hair and thick glasses.
His name is the mayor Ebert.
His assistant is called Gene.
Gene gives Ebert a boost at the end of the film.
I couldn't invent if I was trying, friends.
c.) Stay with me on this one ...
All right .
Godzilla can run torpedoes.
Hank Azaria can run the baby Godzilla.
 (which looks more like Jurassic Park Raptors than The Jurassic Park Raptors.)
d.) The soldiers, realizing that Godzilla disappeared after having run through the city, decides that he "could hide in a building".
e.) (Oh yeah, I can go to E.) Godzilla hits Manhattan.
Manhattan, an island approximately the size of San Francisco holds three million people.
They evacuate in New Jersey in about a day.
no problem .
F.) Very early on, they bait Godzilla with fish.
 (He loves fish, you know.)
The thing is on an island.
The Atlantic Ocean is three steps in the east, but stacks a whole bunch of merou on fifth and 57th ... oh
He's going to run.
g.) What do you know?
I will stop with the list now ... the
Alphabet is not large enough anyway.
The dialogue makes me ask me if producer Dean Devlin has rewritten his five -year -old child.
 "The child is good!"He must have said.
Maria Pitillo seeks to become a name in Hollywood by playing in this potential blockbuster.
Bad movement, Maria.
Acting is not much worse than its turn as an explore of Brooderick.
Matthew Broderick is a good actor, but you would never give him a chance if Godzilla was the only film you had seen.
Jean Reno needs to choose his American films a little more carefully.
Sometimes Godzilla seems to go to a Zucker film, Abrahams, Zucker.
 (plane!, naked pistol.)
The jokes are indeed so bad.
But just when you think the filmmakers have fun with you, they take themselves seriously.
How do they dare!
Godzilla would have been Better if he had only threw visual gags and Pet jokes.
At least then, we would know that we were supposed to laugh.
Each character of Godzilla is beyond stupidity and I really pulled for the beast to kill more.
Emmerich did one thing, however.
 (And I don't know if it was intentional.)
He made me sympathize with Godzilla.
His attackers were so stupid that I felt sorry for him to be bombed with bullets and missiles.
But what made me feel even more heartbreaking for him is that his famous name will always be attacked in one of the worst films that Hollywood has ever produced.