Talk about a film that seemed dated before even hitting theaters!
Spice World is the first feature of the prefabricated pop group, The Spice Girls.
It is intended for a kind of difficult night, but simply ends up watching.
Looking at the Spice Girls, I remember an old cartoon tower on Saturday morning (like Smurfs, snorks, or mutant turtles of the ninja adolescent) in which identical animated creatures are differentiated in characters simply byOne quirk of personality and another and another of the personality and another of personality and another of personality and another of personality and another name.
The Spice Girls are themselves as interchangable as the Pringles, and about as talented.
There is ginger (Geri Halliwell), The Brainy One, Sporty (Melanie Chisholm), The Athletic One, Baby (Emma Bunton), The Childish One, Posh (Victoria Adams), the concern for fashion, and scary (MelanieBrown), that with a language pierced so far, you are almost sure that the post withdraws.
The film itself has no intrigue.
He follows the girls while they travel here and there, culminating in their "first live performance" to Albert Hall.
The action, however, is more like a meli-melo of incompatible ideas.
The various failures include: an extraterrestrial meeting, a diabloid tabloid editor understood to destroy the Spice Girls, the shooting of a documentary Spice Girls, a film producer (George Wendt) trying to present various ideas for a film Spice Girls (almost almostAll of which, although incredibly eccentric, seems more plausible than the mess with which they found themselves), a meeting with a pregnant friend (whose only goal seems to be to maintain the maxim of the film that all pregnant characters must give birth before theEnd of the film), an adventure of navigation navigation, a bus race, a club-hopping (where apparently nobody notices the famous Spice Girls among the crowd ...
When they start to sing), and a number with musical performances, press conferences and general multi -old celebrities.
Phew.
For any reason, the film is strewn with stars.
From Elton John to Elvis Costello, from Bob Hoskins to Meat Loaf.
Heck, even Roger Moore presents himself, although he cannot decide if he parodies like James Bond, or if he lobby to be the reincarnation of Ernst Stavro Blofeld.
Richard E. Grant has most secondary part, an thankless role of the group manager, Clifford.
The location of celebrities is partially fun and a decent way of spending time in the face of the rest of the film.
Neither fun nor spontaneous, when the Spice Girls are between songs, they are deadly boring.
Their songs are good, but they play as lifeless adaptations of clips.
My advice at fans is: stay at home and watch this collection of videos, or at least turn this CD twice more ... either
The option will be more pleasant than the film.
Non-faans should know how to stay away from it.