America's favorite homicide game takes a nasty woman in "Bride of Chucky", and their impious marriage is something old, nothing new.
The burning question in the minds of most moviegoers, however, has nothing to do with nuptial details or even how the film accumulates, but rather if the duo stands or not on their honeymoon soaked inblood.
The answer is a sick and twisted yes - and viewers are entitled to a dark overview of certain hot boosts (or at least singing).
I guess they are anatomically correct.
Chucky (again expressed by Brad Dourif), of course, is the star of the series "Child's Play", a Buddy type doll possessed by the spirit of a killed serial killer.
In "Bride", the intrigue (HEH) resumes with her girlfriend Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) by resuscitating the remains of Chucky (he was exploded at the end of "Child's Play 3") with the help of a manualBlack arts called "Voodoo for For For For Fornuls."
mortal silly.
Shortly after, it was also reduced to the status of high height figurine, and the plastic incarnations of these unique lunatic lovebirds took the road to extend new potential human bodies.
The rest of this show of horror puppets Rocheen waiting.
Along the way, our barbie and murderous ken go through post -mariating movements similar to any pair of newlyweds - bickering, arguing, kissing and putting makeup.
But when they argue who will do the dishes, be careful.
Hey, even false people, people have to work on their problems.
Director Ronny Yu keeps flashy chaos and stages an inventive or two scene, but even a visual flair cannot compensate for the fact that these frightening kewpies are neither frightening nor threatening.
When one of them is in charge, it is nothing that a good shift in front can not take care.
And when a culminating prosecution scene is necessary, one of the protagonists of Bulb Dimb owes _pick_chucky_up_ so that the demonic toy can force its hostage to run under the threat of a weapon.
Add silly victims and a ridiculous end (will Chucky 'son "be the next one?) And it's a bad 89 minutes in the cinema.
As is the thing to do in the Slasher post-"Scream" cinema, the scenario of Don Mancini Sclathers on the jokes and the genre of gender.
But little of humor succeeds, proving the self-defense can be completely worthless when it lacks bite.
To be fair, however, most of "Bride of Chucky" is on the automatic pilot, so it is not quite fair to distinguish a failed aspect of the film.
Similarly, trembling, the theater goes from the screaming camp to Boring Bland, the effects are not so special and the story is a great groan.
Hoping that Chucky and all his clan - past, present and future - rest in peace.