So, it's thirty years later, and Oscar and Felix are together again.
It could have been an exciting notion if it was not the fact that the "strange couple" of Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau was gathered in several recent films: "Grumpy Old Men" in 1993, "Grumpier Men" in 1995,ET1997 "OUT TO SEA" (i. E.
 "Old most grumpy man").
So "The Odd Toule II" (i. E.
 "The most grumpy old men of all, really") seems only another entry into a tired series.
The intrigue is even similar to that of the "grumpy old men" insofar as the incompatible characters of Lemmon and Matthau are united by a romance between their children.
Oscar's son (Jonathan Silverman) and Felix's daughter (Lisa Waltz) get married, and former roommates Felix Ungar (Lemmon) and Oscar Madison (Matthau) meet at the airport and decide to share a car.
 .
 .
Then hilarity follows.
Well, some laughs follow anyway.
Neil Simon, the award -winning playwright who created Oscar and Felix, provides the script, which is a shock, because the script is a piece of talent hackwork from start to finish.
Unlike the original game / film, "Odd Toule II" does not find his humor in the personality conflict of his characters.
Instead, it depends on a series of humorous situations: Oscar and Felix lose the car on a cliff, are surprised in smuggling from Mexicans above the border, take two women on the run of their violent husbands (womenAre played by Christine Baranski of "Cybill" and Jean Smart of "Designing Women"), and reach a tour with a man who dies in the desert.
The original 1968 film "The Odd couple" remains a classic comedy.
He introduced the motocal owner as a spouse who has since provided gags for films and sitcoms.
It was the second outing for the Lemmon / Matthau team (which made its debut in "The Fortune Cookie" of 1966), and they made some more interesting comedies, "The Front Page" (1974) and "Buddy Buddy"(1981), before separating.
The meeting of Lemmon and Matthau in "Grumpy Old Men" six years ago was delicious, and its suite seemed appropriate because it attached loose ends of the first film.
But "Out to Sea" and "The Odd Couple II" only beat an old grumpy horse.
 (You can add "my compatriots" from Lemmon, i. E.
 "Old Grumpy Presidents", on this list too.)
Hopefully Hollywood offers these two actors something fresh to do.
Let us also hope that we see the name of Neil Simon on the films that do him justice (it is his first since "Lost in Yonkers" of 1993).