Today's children, they don't just want to see Heartthrob and Master Thespian Freddie Prinze Jr.Amer on the ladies.
No, they want to see him do something that takes a little more in the acting department: namely playing baseball.
Thanks to a series of off -pippy voiceover, we are informed that there is no better test field for major league league than CAPE COD summer baseball leagues, where colleges alsoAnd the full dropouts will play in the hope of attracting the attention of the big league.
Our man Freddie won a place as a launcher on the prestigious Chatham A, where he hopes for his big break.
It is only after he had ample time to show his abs and rush into the thong of a woman (do not ask) that we learn what will be the real summer story: that Prinze isA poor Townie named Ryan Dunne, in difficulty making a name; neither his father (Fred Ward) nor his brother (Jason Gedrick) have withdrawn from their work of blue collar and do not try anyone who tries; And the local beauty Tenley - Tenley!
 (Jessica Biel) - is so far from her league that he should probably not even disturb ...
But of course, he makes a room for her.
Summer Catch also has an aborted blow to another half-dozen sub -intrigues-the jealousy of his compatriot Townnie and Brazen Slut Dee (Brittany Murphy), the alienation felt by the non-balle of Ryan playing the best friend (Gabriel Mann), or the big chick of Ryan playing his other Miles player (Marc Bluas).
The worst part of them is a ridiculous piece implying that Wilmer Valderrama and Beverly from Angelo from the 70s. Robinson type and to remind you how much it was done in Bull Durham.
In fact, practically all summer outlets seem to be better elsewhere.
To start, the film has a major identity issue.
It is certainly not a sporting film, and it fails quite miserably to be a romance.
The worst is the amateur script (co-written by a former student of the writing of Arli $$ and a guy who played in Leprechaun 3), full of bogus emotion.
At the end, everything becomes a platform for each character to deliver a soliloquy to Ryan that he must take to heart.
Dad is on site to give paternal but drunk advice.
The coach (Brian Dennehy, just like the fact that he has work on the big screen) is on site to give the Curmudgetly counterpoint.
The receiver of Ryan (Matthew Lillard, is played again) is there to tell Ryan to "play Catch" with him and to make fun of the big fetish.
The best friend of Stoner de Ryan is at hand to give the Go-Get -'- tiger-we're're-behind-you Talk.
And the girlfriend is on site to give lawyers of the heart that resulted in yourself.
Before a long time, you are starting to ask yourself: is Freddy Prinze JR. Is capable of having a thought of his?
Do not answer this.
The only true joy in the film is in the character of Biel, and not only because of the narrow outfits, which are also generally humid.
She is the only one in the film that is capable of doing a lot with her role, taking the rebellious character-Agaddy to at least one pass note.
When it is on the screen, time passes.
When it is not, you realize that for an unhbked reason, this film lasts almost two hours.
For a romance for adolescents PG-13 (despite almost constant sexual innuendos), you have to ask the Warner brothers: what did you think ???
For her part, Biel fell so far from her 7th roots in the sky that she almost became Denise Richards.
Hollywood is about to eat it alive ...
or vice versa.
Anyway, good luck, Jessica.
As for Freddie, if he continues to pump adolescent novels to the rhythm of two per year, the next "summer take" is likely to be a venereal disease.