Play the bone, the most recent add to the repertoire on the theme of Ron Shelton fails in many ways.
Like most other great films in Shelton (Bull Durham, white men cannot jump), this failure tries without success to use athletics as a method for connecting characters and creating interesting sub -intrigues.
Shelton's films are not considered sporty films, but they are growing strongly around a specific game to tell a story.
Shelton was so good in the past in the use of sport to analyze the structure of the company that, according to its collection of films, we have an examination of different classes and races living in different regions.
Playing the bone is failed because not only is the theme of boxing dull, but the secondary history of the two guys and a girl traveling across the country is even worse.
The film does not have a social message like its predecessors.
The relationship between friends, two failed boxers who must compete in the ring for $ 50,000, is very confusing for a number of reasons.
The whole film, because it is mainly an "image of a friend", depends on the strength of the friendship that the two characters have for each other.
Unfortunately, this is a very low link for the reasons listed below.
1) We never see how Cesar (Antonio Banderas) and Vince (Woody Harrelson) meet.
The two are so different from each other, that a scene of the way this strange friendship developed should have been compulsory.
2) Vince and Cesar argue every moment possible during their trip to Las Vegas.
There is not a convincing moment dedicated to see the characters laugh together or agree on something.
3) The third character of the trip, Grace (Lolita Davidovich) is held on the way.
She is in almost all stage with them, which makes it impossible to understand the difficulty that the two male characters will have when they fight.
4) There are two numerous interfering and non -relevant secondary stories.
Vince is convinced that he sees Jesus regularly, Cesar shouts in the sky in Spanish when he is angry, and Grace tries to sell his inventions to the owner of the Robert Wagner hotel.
These boring tales only harm the central intrigue.
5) When it comes to time for the two men to fight, they do not even hesitate to get wet.
Wasn't the return of the road trip to show that these two are friends who could never be injured?
When the film's road trip is over, the film wants to be finished.
Shelton, on the other hand, continues to tell his story.
Forty-five painful minutes remain.
The boxing scene between Cesar and Vince begins very powerful and interesting of the other boxing films.
However, the fight lasts too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after a while, a bit like the whole film.