Synopsis: Al Simmons, first -rate assinsin with guilty conscience, dies in an ardent explosion and goes to hell.
By making a pact with Malebolgia, a chief demon there, Simmons returns to earth 5 years later Reborn like Spawn, an army general of hell bearing a necroplasmic costume filled with knives, chains andA morphing cape.
Sullen, Sage Cogliostro and the Congress and Vy violin for the attention of Spawn.
Comments: When Todd McFarlane left Marvel Comics (where he had made a name as a first-rate comic strip on the "Spider-Man" titles) to join the comic strips Image Comest, a new comic strip, aNew comics, a new comic strip, a new comic bookbook Legend was born: Spawn.
McFarlane's "Spawn" immediately became a commercial and critical success and a series of decisive comics from the 1990s.
McFarlane created a hero who was not only original but visually complex, allowing McFarlane to use his talent for artistic details to the maximum.
The first "spawn" problems brilliantly capture McFarlane's genius to illustration and show his first writing attempts.
With the popularity of "Spawn" and the success of the current Warner Bros. The film Batman, a cinematographic version, seemed inevitable for Spawn.
In the summer of 1997, therefore, New Line Cinema released Spawn, a live film based on the revolutionary series.
This high -end exercise of violence and special effects unfortunately overturns quickly and leaves fans of the comic strip, like me, numbed by the amount that Spawn lacks the brand.
what happened ?
Why is the laying so bad?
Todd McFarlane himself produced this disappointing failure and even appears in a cameo.
I do not think, however, that his presence necessarily injured (or helped) the film.
I blame myself, in part, on the recent Hollywood trend, fueled by public demand, apparently, for special effects flow films using the latest IT technology.
These films focus on the effects to the detriment of everything else: character, intrigue, dialogue, etc.Spawn, reflecting this trend, shows the public a free scene after the other was filled with morphing characters and filled with unnecessary pyrotechnics.
Barely a minute passes into this film without fire, explosions, knives and chains appearing from nowhere, bright eyes or constant transformation demons.
A large part is visually interesting and technically solid, do not get me wrong, but, because the script and the casting are not engaging, finally appear as overworked wallpaper (the surface can capture the eye, but nothing existsbelow).
The comic strip translation of Spawn suffers the most at the script level.
The McFarlane Frai was a tortured hero.
A business mercenary, Al Simmons was nevertheless a warm man in love with the beautiful Wanda.
Being dead and went to hell, he made a pact to return to earth to be with Wanda.
Simmons, however, discovers that his memories are fragmented, his body a scary waste and his wife were married.
Despite his sometimes violent nature, readers could not help feeling sympathetic to his fate as a fraitor of hell.
Spawn tries to show it all but does not spend the time that he should do it.
When the characters are developed, they seem absurd rather than touching.
The caricatural dialogue and the incredible sub -intry (a general has the antidote to a supervirus called Heat-16 that he wants to unleash to enslave the world) does not help things.
Spawn, in an apparent attempt to reproduce Batman's success, also spends too much time on a villain, the offender (Batman favored the Joker on Batman).
John Leguizamo, like Jack Nicholson in Batman, receives the best invoicing in the casting as a violer; Michael Jai White (Al Simmons / Spawn) is second.
I normally find Leguizamo an extremely boring presence in the films which seems to make him a perfect candidate E for the offender.
The film, however, spends so much time on the offensive puffonries of the offender that they grip over the nerves.
Apparently supposed to be the comic relief of the film (as Nicholson was in Batman), especially in contrast to the sideny laying, the offenders are often grotesque and funny, leaving the public wishing to leave.
Leguizamo does satisfactory work in the role, but he is seen far too often in the film.
Michael Jai White, a newcomer relating to theatrical outings, seems to be an attractive actor, and he manages his role adequately, but we see little of him without various masks.
More time was to be devoted to the character of White before reproducing so that the film shoots the hearts.
A special note must be made about Martin Sheen like General Over-the, odious and evil Wynn.
Easily the most marked performance in the film, it is difficult to imagine how Sheen has done his role so much; after all, he played an Assasin of Vietnam brilliantly in the great apocalypse now.
Sheen’s excessive behavior does not help the public to accept it as a brain villain and is a surprise given its long career in cinema.
Many other elements conspire with the disappointing script and abundant special effects to train the Frai.
The MTV style edition, jerky and jerky is one of them.
The flames, for example, sometimes roll on the screen to announce a change of setting.
Cogliostro, an improbable budding guide for spawn, serves as a poor narrator for the film.
He said to the public, at some point, that "the part of humanity [of Spawn] remains to be seen", as if the public really cares about a violent sequence leads another.
Music, finally, attaches the public as much as manic violence and offensive dialogue.
The hard and odious hard rock merged with drum loops dominates certain scenes.
To be fair, however, "Long Hard Road Out of Hell" by Marilyn Manson effectively complies Spawn's return to Earth, while Filter and Le Voyage (Can't You) of the Crystal Method like me "prove a surprisingly theme songappropriate.
For a comic strip as good as it is, "Spawn" has not rooted a good film.
Spawn, instead, suffers from too much pump and circumstances, and too little intrigue and character development.
He receives two stars for his technically well -made special effects.
Many other films, however, have equal, if not superior special effects, and are much better.
PG-13 classified, Spawn seems more violent than many classified films R and would probably not suit very young.