Well, what are you going to expect?
It's a film about a big snake that eats people.
This is what I should have thought when I saw this film, because maybe I was more appreciated.
Instead, I ended up wishing a giant snake to come and eat me too.
Anaconda talks about a documentary shooting team sailing on a South American river.
Directed by anthropologists Dr.steven Cale (Eric Stolz) and Terre Flores (Jennifer Lopez), the crew tries to locate a lost tribe of natives.
Along the way, they find the poacher Paul Sarone (Jon Voight) and become reluctantly involved in his quest to capture the anaconda elusive.
Simply saying that it is the largest serpent in the world would not do it justice, because the anaconda of this film is at least two feet wide.
If it is not a good reason to avoid collecting stickers, I don't know what it is.
At the beginning of Anaconda, we see that Flores and Cale have had a kind of relationship in the past, but it seems more or less finished now.
I expected that this fact plays a key role somewhere on the line, but it ended up being a configuration for nothing.
Cale is choking on a deadly wasp (don't ask me how it goes - I don't know) and is put out of service, relegated to the person that the rest of the shooting team must return to civilization to obtainmedical aid.
This helps at least add a feeling of emergency for the plot, because this objective is now in direct conflict with the plan of Sarone to capture the snake.
However, this is canceled by the fact that Cale seems to improve on its own in half the film, and in any event leads to zero gain from the angle of the relationship.
Most bad characters are boring or stupid.
In this film, they are both.
Since this description applies to all the characters except Sarone, it is difficult to find someone for whom is rooted.
You are supposed to support the right ones, but you really end up encouraging Saone because he is smarter than everyone.
Or maybe he’s not as stupid as everyone.
Sometimes I almost found myself rooted for the snake.
There are no remarkable performance here.
Everyone seems to recite written lines for characters in stock.
Even Voight seems to make his best impression on Christopher Walken for any reason.
No matter, as in most monster films, the snake is supposed to be the real star anyway.
In most scenes, the snake is generated by computer and the effects crew has done a decent job to make it real.
However, realism is rejected by fairly unrealistic events.
Sometimes, for example, the snake moves too quickly.
He catches a guy who jumps from a waterfall, for having shouted aloud.
Then there is another scene where the snake eats one of the characters, and we see the skin of the snake drawn so closely on its prey that we can see the painful expression of the victim of the inside of the bell of the snake of the snake.
absolutely ridiculous.
A testimony to the poor direction of the film is the inclusion of a scene early in the film, where we can see how dangerous the anaconda is.
In a scene completely unrelated to anything else, we witness the big snake winning a confrontation with a panther.
The anaconda wraps around the powerful feline as if it were a plush animal and tightens it so hard, one of the ocular globes of the panther comes out.
Eeeewwwww.
Beyond the sick factor, however, this scene surprised me because it actually showed the face of the snake before a quarter of the film passed.
In films like these, a feeling of mystery surrounding the monster must be maintained.
If the characters react to something that they fear more than seeing, we, as a public, must feel this feeling with them.
To show us the monster from the start, it is to let us get into something that the characters do not know, and therefore allow us to get used to danger before the p Ivotal moment when man and beast have their culminating confrontation.
In a case like this, the test of strength ends up being a disappointment.
When I saw the snake for the first time, I decided to give the film the benefit of doubt and suppose that the serpent I saw was not the real danger.
He was just a lure, and there was in fact a bigger snake waiting to appear just when everyone thought they were safe.
No chance.
Okay, maybe Anaconda is actually a lure, and there is really a better film waiting to make its debut.