The wonderful British actor Derek Jacobi plays in the writer and director John Maybury, the devil of the modern popular artist Francis Bacon.
As always, Jacobi's game is impeccable, but the film tries harshly and succeeds in being uncertain and opaque.
The film convincingly supports that Francis, played by Jacobi, was an individual completely despicable and vain, but he never gives an overview of his work or his motivation for his attitude.
Interviewed by a Talk-Show Fawning host, Francis calls his "brushstroke" style.
Starting with a burglary of Francis's apartment, the film uses strong sound effects that sound as if they were raised from a cheap horror film.
The photos of the camera are heavy on the avant -garde angles - many close -ups with large angles and deformed blows filmed through colored glass reflections.
The director is much more interested in the style of cinema than by the substance of history, the result being a sterile examination of a lonely and vain man.
Daniel Craig, in lifeless performance, plays the burglar and boxer, George Dyer.
When Francis casts his eyes after the break -in, Francis promises not to call the police if he will stay for sex.
He remains for the whole film but never respects the man with whom he shares a bed.
He thinks that Francis' paintings have "no bloody use" and that the film has no counter-arguments.
The writer Maybury barely describes the character of Francis, and George and the rest of the support distribution remain a complete enigma.
We learn little from George other than the reason of Francis to love him - "amorality and innocence" of George.
Francis' love for sadomasochism is shown early and often.
 "Boxing is a wonderful aperitif for sex," he thinks about George on the way to watch a boxing match.
While the fighter's head is open with a hard blow, the camera cuts to a happy Francis whose head is soaked by the flying blood.
Francis seems to be in total ecstasy.
Another Francis' favorite activities is to see old atrocity films.
As carnage rises, we are witnessing an orgasmically happy Francis in the public.
In a film that obsessively tries to shock, a dream sequence represents a family in a car accident.
Francis's mind slowly examines all bloody members of the mother, father and boy.
Sometimes the script launches us pieces of the wisdom of Francis who illuminate little while seeing inside inside.
 ("I am optimistic by nature.
I am optimistic about nothing. "
 "Loneliness is my only real companion.")
We learn more details on Francis' makeup techniques than on man himself.
He prefers shoe varnish for his hair and the sink of cleaning powder for his teeth.
Lots of metaphorical interpretations, the best scene in the film occurs late at night when George has to get up to go to the toilet.
Francis' photo of Francis to the toilet with the real article, it urinates it, then crawls in bed with content.
Like a parody of a Bad Art House film, Love is the Devil has horrible characters bizarrely filmed and confused by a director who is much more interested in technique than on narration.
In the end, the public did not learn more than he could have had in a three -minute sketch.
Love is that the devil works 1: 30.
The film is not assessed but must be considered the NC-17 for violence, blasphemy, graphic sex, nudity and sadomasochism and is unacceptable for most adolescents.