"Be sweet," urges Natasha Henstridge to Matthew Perry in "The Whole Nine Yards".
 "I haven't made love for five years."
 "Nor me me," refutes Perry.
 " I am married ! "
If Jonathan Lynn's last comedy simply relied on jokes of this caliber - and she certainly tries - then it would be a short and rather obvious film.
Instead, its faults go much further.
First of all, who is not enough of the hard Wiseguy intimidates the genus Timid Wise Guy?
If you want to make a pretty penny or two in Hollywood these days, simply write a "comedy" that associates a Robert of Niro / James Caan / Bruce Willis with a Billy Crystal / Hugh Grant / Matthew Perry type and wait for the feesroll.
Who is the following?
Jack Nicholson and Martin Short?
It certainly does not need to be funny.
 "The Whole Nine Yards" is not a particularly funny film, but it is offensive at the limit.
Offensive in the way he continues a tendency to make fun of career criminals that would not think twice before pushing your mother-in-law of the Brooklyn bridge, feet locked up in concrete.
It may look like a funny gag, but the problem is that these films have long lost sight of the fact that taking a human life is not so funny to start.
When the corpse is placed in a car, sprayed with gasoline, on fire and called "barbecue", he makes you ask yourself when all this gaming game for laughter will end.
 "The Whole Nine Yards" is also offensive since her three central female characters are described as nothing more than sexual objects.
Rosanna Arquette plays a French Canadian who smokes the chain which is married to the dentist who is not liable to Matthew Perry.
It is an unflattering role achieved all the more since by unflattering outfits - and unflattering situations - in which arch is pushed.
Then there is Natasha Henstridge ("species" I and II) who plays the wealthy wife of the Bruce Willis contract killer.
She gets involved with the character of Perry when he comes to Chicago in the hope of negotiating the fees of a researcher with the boss of the crowd Yanni Gogolack (Kevin Pollack, transforming his VS with his WS) after Jimmy TheTulip Tudeski moved next to it.
The characters of Henstridge and Perry who strike him are almost as probably that Bruce and a half recovering together.
Perry could have the charm, but he does not have the physical attributes of a traditional leading man, especially in close -up.
The most objectified of the group is Amanda Peet, who transforms into a sexually ripe performance as a dental assistant from Perry with, she transforms, questionable career objectives.
Peet's free naked scene proves how much this film will lean to prevent its audience from falling.
When "My Cousin Vinny" is the culmination of a director's career, including such forgetable films such as "Clue", "Greedy" and "SGT.
Bilko, "You have to ask yourself if Lynn has chosen the bad career path.
Perry de Pratfulling GOOFINESS coupled with the sympathetic hardness of Willis could have had some potential but without a script with whom to work and a director who seems to look from the wings, their characters quickly lack gas.