Plunkett & Macleane is a vintage piece embedded by modern MTV claims.
I have nothing against the MTV approach to cinema - used correctly, it can save a film (see Stigmata) - but it ruins it, making a confused and inconsistent mess of a potentially interesting premise.
There are certain genres that simply do not go together.
The film opens with a sequence that I still do not understand.
This implies a kind of prison epidemic, a flight and a jewel that continues to be consumed.
In any case, the Caper (anyway) brings together Plunkett and Macleane (Robert Carlyle and Johnny Lee Miller, respectively), two happy British without any way to earn a living.
They make a pact to steal money from the rich and give themselves until they earn enough money to buy a ticket for America.
Their first breaks involves a young beginner named Lady Rebecca (Liv Tyler); a woman with Macleane was particularly friendly at a party earlier.
Its decorum by stripping it of its valuables wins our two crooks the name "Gentleman Highwaymen".
Lady Rebecca also happens to be the niece of the Lord -in -Judge Lord, a man manifestly arrogant close to the end of his political career.
He demands that thieves be captured and punished immediately, leaving the work in the hands of The Devious Chance (Ken Stott) which still has a few things in his mind than to catch criminals.
Meanwhile, Macleane falls in love with Rebecca exasperating the professional plunkett, who does not want his plans to be thwarted by the insane romantic work of his partner.
Director Jake Scott, son of Ridley Scott (Alien, Blade Runner), has the talent of his father for the establishment of atmospheric plans, but none of his skills to really move the camera.
Most action scenes are filmed in such a rapid and sacred way that it is impossible to understand what is going on.
The camera work is even more nauseating than in the project deliberately stunning the project of witch Blair because of its lack of fluidity.
Instead of using panoramic photos to impress the scope of events that Scott uses changes in attention deficit disorders.
He barely fits for more than ten seconds and during faster scenes, it looks more like a few frames between each cut.
The lack of strange and almost provocative dialogue (there is not - no - conversations lasts, say, 20 seconds) undermines the definition of the character and our two protagonists present themselves as figures rather than characters.
The love story between Macleane and Rebecca is no different, without emotion and unrealistic.
When the script calls a male to decide between going to America and going to meet her lover, there is no reason why we believe that it was worth it to abandon his goal; he and Rebecca barely talk to each otherthroughout the film.
Plunkett and Macleane desperately wants to be a triumph of style on the substance, but like his style, frankly, breathes, the film has no hope of succeeding at any level.
I wanted to appreciate this film on the basis of its certainly kinetic rhythm, but I could not - it was so kinetical that he gave me a headache.