I think that saying that X-Files is one of the most anticipated films this summer is safe.
For the past five years, the television show "The X-Files" has developed a dedicated fans culture, whose rabid devotion to the series competes with that of fans of "Star Trek".
The premise of the film and the television series is two FBI agents who investigate the paranormal; Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is the passionate believer whose quest to find the truth about the boundaries of extraterrestrial life on paranoid, and DanaScully (Gillian Anderson) is the scientific skeptic trying to find a rational explanation for the fancy flights of Mulder.
It is practically impossible to describe the intrigue of the X-Files film, because being general would cause confusion, but being specific would give too much.
Nevertheless, I will try.
 "Black oozing", and an extraterrestrial substance in the shape of viruses threatens the earth.
A "government of the shadow" is aware of this, but tries to hide extraterrestrial existence.
Mulder and Scully know that "the truth is there", and therefore try to expose both invasion and concealment.
There are three central questions that I heard about this film: 1.
Will those who don't watch the series understand the film?
Yes .
Isolated as an individual text, the X queues can be autonomous.
They gave enough background for anyone, familiar with the show or not, to understand the film.
Although some of the stories of secondary characters can confuse the uninitiated, these characters are not essential to the film.
This is a major problem: they trot symbolic secondary characters of the series for an appearance, then disappear just as quickly.
Why bring the Superintendent Skinner to the photo in the first place, then have it assisted silently to a FBI internal affairs committee?
Why bring "The Lone Gunmen", three theorists of the conspiracy of computer geek, for an even more brilliant appearance?
These characters are recurrent on the series, and their appearance in the film was encountered with public screams (suggesting that their popularity with fans - in fact, most of the public could pass for "The Lone Gunmen").
However, so they disappear just as quickly.
2 TV shows never give us answers.
Will the film really explain certain things?
Yes .
In the X-Files, we get a fairly complete story of "The Black Looze", what it is and what he wants.
We finally understand the motivations behind the "Government of the Shadow".
There are even subtle links with contemporary UFO -ology, including the "Grays" and the Roswell crash of 1947.
3 and 3 the film good?
No. The X-Files is a terrible film and shows fundamental problems with the talents of the writer / Creator Chris Carter and the relationship between cinema and television.
First of all, the scenario of the creator of the Chris Carter series is botched and cliché.
After about forty-five minutes (the duration of a television episode less advertisements), the pace falls into a snail ramp.
Shortly after this moment, when Carter tries to answer certain questions we asked about the series, we want it to have not done.
The explanations are so banal and ridiculous that we would have preferred that she had not explained so much.
I am ready to suspend my disbelief a little, but the absurdity Carter wants me to swallow was simply too much.
Breaking the suspension of disbelief destroys the film - and listening to other fans to leave cinema, perhaps also the series.
The explanations are not only absurd, they are tired and not original.
The extraterrestrials reproduce and gestate like those of the extraterrestrial series, and their profession resembles a play of remains of the day of independence.
Note that extraterrestrial films, ID4 and X -Files are all 20th century Fox - a studio that begins to cannibalize I think.
The X-Files is remarkable to be the only film based on A television series to produce while the series was still running.
By comparing the film and the television series, certain aspects of the respective media emerge.
The avoidance of the series to answer the questions he raised annoyed and frustrate many people.
However, I rather liked it about the series.
Television allows you to impose as much, or as little, in a show as you wish.
This is the proverbial screen on which we project our minds.
The meaning on television is open and ambiguous; it is the nature of the medium.
Cinema, on the other hand, is the opposite.
He projects us on us the spirit of filmmakers.
We can, in some films, fill the textual gaps ourselves, but that almost never happens in an American film.
The meaning, in the cinema, must be autonomous and determined.
Thus, when the X-Files made this jump of the big screen, Carter had to take into account the differences in the medium.
He does not have .
By making explicit, what the television show has left implicit, Carter reveals the limits of its creativity and its competence.
When they say that the "fans" make a television program, it is not far from the truth.
On television, the culture of fans must impose its meaning on the text because there is nothing there.
As it is true at that time that we see the "explicit" X files-there is nothing there.
The following was printed in the St.john's Express, St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada.
All views are the authors, but copyright is held by Robinson-Blackmore, 1998.
& nbsp;
Film review by Mikel J.Koven
& nbsp; I think that saying that X-Files is one of the most anticipated films of this summer is safe. & nbsp;
For the past five years, the television show "The X-Files" has developed a dedicated fans culture, whose rabid devotion to the series competes with that of fans of "Star Trek".
& nbsp; The premise of the film and the television series is two FBI agents who investigate the paranormal; Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is the passionate believer whose quest to find the truth about the boundaries of extraterrestrial life on the paranoid, and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) is the scientific skeptic trying to find a rational explanation for the fancy flights of Mulder.
& nbsp; It is practically impossible to describe the intrigue of the film X-Files, because being general would cause confusion, but being specific would give too much. & nbsp;
Nevertheless, I will try. & Nbsp;
 "Black oozing", and an extraterrestrial substance in the shape of viruses threatens the earth. & Nbsp;
A "shadow government" is aware of this, but tries to hide extraterrestrial existence. & Nbsp;
Mulder and Scully know that "the truth is there", and therefore try to expose both invasion and concealment.
& nbsp; There are three central questions that I heard about this film: & nbsp; 1. & nbsp;
Will those who don't watch the series understand the film? & Nbsp;
Yes. & Nbsp;
Isolated as an individual text, the X queues can be autonomous. & Nbsp;
They gave enough background for anyone, familiar with the show or not, to understand the film. & Nbsp;
Although some of the stories of the secondary characters can confuse the uninitiated, these characters are not essential to the film. & Nbsp;
This is a major problem: they trot symbolic secondary characters of the series for an appearance, then disappear just as quickly.
& nbsp; Why bring the Superintendent Skinner to the photo in the first place, then have it assisted silently to a FBI internal affairs committee? & nbsp;
Why bring "The Lone Gunmen", three theorists of the conspiracy of computer geek, for an even more brilliant appearance? & Nbsp;
These characters are recurrent on the series, and their appearance in the film was met with public screams (suggesting that their popularity with fans - in fact, most of the public could pass for "The Lone Gunmen"). & Nbsp;
However, so they disappear just as quickly.
& nbsp; 2 & n BSP;
The television show never gives us answers. & Nbsp;
Will the film really explain certain things? & Nbsp;
Yes. & Nbsp;
In the X-Files, we get a fairly complete story of "The Black Looze", what it is and what he wants. & Nbsp;
We finally understand the motivations behind the "Government of the Shadow".& Nbsp;
There are even subtle links with contemporary UFO -ology, including the "Grays" and the Roswell crash of 1947.
& nbsp; 3 and 3 & nbsp;
Is the film good? & Nbsp;
No. & nbsp; X-Files is a terrible film and shows fundamental problems with the talents of the writer / Creator Chris Carter and the relationship between cinema and television.
& nbsp; first of all, the scenario of the creator of the Chris Carter series is sloppy and cliché. & nbsp;
After about forty-five minutes (the duration of a television episode less advertisements), the pace falls into a snail ramp. & Nbsp;
Shortly after this moment, when Carter tries to answer certain questions we asked about the series, we want it to have not done it. & Nbsp;
The explanations are so banal and ridiculous that we would have preferred that she had not explained so much. & Nbsp;
I am ready to suspend my disbelief a little, but the absurdity Carter wants me to swallow was simply too much. & Nbsp;
Breaking the suspension of disbelief destroys the film - and listening to other fans to leave cinema, perhaps also the series.
& nbsp; explanations are not only absurd, they are tired and not original. & nbsp;
The extraterrestrials reproduce and gestate like those of the extraterrestrial series, and their profession resembles a play of remains of the day of independence. & Nbsp;
Note that extraterrestrial films, ID4 and X -Files are all 20th century Fox - a studio that begins to cannibalize I think.
& nbsp; X-Files is remarkable to be the only film based on a television series to produce while the series was still in progress. & nbsp;
By comparing the film and the television series, certain aspects of the respective media emerge.
& nbsp; avoidance of the series to answer the questions which he raised annoy and frustrate many people. & nbsp;
However, I rather liked it about the series. & Nbsp;
Television allows you to impose as much, or as little, meaning in a program as you wish. & Nbsp;
This is the proverbial screen on which we project our minds. & Nbsp;
The meaning on television is open and ambiguous; it is the nature of the medium.
& nbsp; the cinema, on the other hand, is the opposite. & nbsp;
He projects us on us the spirit of filmmakers. & Nbsp;
We can, in some films, fill the textual gaps ourselves, but that almost never happens in an American film. & Nbsp;
The meaning, in the cinema, must be autonomous and determined.
& nbsp; thus, when the X-Files made this jump of the big screen, Carter had to take into consideration the differences in medium. & nbsp;
he doesn't have. & nbsp;
By making explicit, what the television show has left implicit, Carter reveals the limits of its creativity and its competence.
& nbsp; when they say that the "fans" make a television program, it is not far from the truth. & nbsp;
On television, the culture of fans must impose its meaning on the text because there is nothing there. & Nbsp;
As it is true at that time that we see the "explicit" X files-there is nothing there.