And I thought that "Stigmata" would be the worst thriller focused on the religiously published this year.
It turns out that I was wrong, because even if "stigmata" was simply boring and important, "end of days" is completely incompetent on all fronts.
It is an idiotic, incomprehensible, endless mess.
For a guy like me who grew up watching Arnold Schwarzenegger in his best, he is extremely disconcerting to see where the great man found himself.
For the first time of recent memory, an action film Arnold (and "Batman & Robin" does not count) is not at all fun.
 "End of days" is a stinking adult.
The film opens to Vatican City, 1979.
Some Catholic priests have observed an old prophecy, which says that a girl will be born that night that Satan has targeted the impregnation.
If it entered it between 11 and midnight on December 31, 1999, the world will be destroyed.
The pope orders the protection of this girl, although some priests believe that she should be killed.
In New York, the same evening, a girl was born to make the prophecy.
Twenty years later, we meet Jericho Cane (Schwarzenegger), an ex-suicidal cop with an alcohol problem.
Now working as a security guard for rental, he protects a local businessman (Gabriel Byrne), who is really possessed by the devil.
An attempted assassination on the businessman by a former crazy priest leads him to the daughter that Satan is after, Christine York (Robin Tunney).
Recognizing elements of her own daughter murdered to Christine (including ownership of the same music box, apparently), Jericho swears to protect her against the devil and the faction of priests who seek to kill her.
There are so many problems with this film, it is difficult to know where to start, but what would you say to start with the concept?
Breaking Arnold in a role like this was a mistake to start.
Schwarzenegger is a character, not an actor, so putting him in a role that contradicts his strong usual personality is a bad idea.
Arnold has neither the dramatic range nor the capacity for speaking to achieve a character tormented by contradictory emotions.
In other words, trying to give it a dimension was a mistake.
Harrison Ford, Mel Gibson or even Bruce could have played this role (they all played noble and defective heroes), but not Schwarzenegger.
There are several scenes that try to establish the character of Jericho; one makes him contemplate the suicide, another which cries on the loss of his wife and his daughter, and even one in which the devil tries to try himto reveal Christine's location by offering her her old life.
None of these scenes really work because Arnie is not up to par.
The filmmakers would have been better to make Jericho a strong and confident character (like the Terminator, for example), as Schwarzenegger has already excelled.
This is not at all credible as Arnold plays it.
The support cast attempts to do their hardest, and only Gabriel Byrne has an impact.
As a prince of darkness, he is sweet and confident.
It acts as we could expect the devil to act.
The problem is that the script makes him do things that make no sense (more about it later) and who undermines him like a powerful villain.
Byrne surprises Arnold in each scene they have together (including the little the aforementioned temptation), but this is problematic when that leads the public to make the unthinkable: root for the devil.
Byrne's speech on the fact that the Bible is "surface" is actually starting to have a meaning, mainly because Arnold's attempts to refute it (mainly "'' is not!"
variety) are at best low.
The only problem is that Arnold must win, so in the end, nobody really cares about it.
Kevin Pollack embodies Jericho's security companion and tries to allow things with comics, but like most bad action movies, he disappears after about an hour.
Robin Tunney is I did not give him much, except to look frightened.
In fact, all support players are good players, but none, with the exception of Byrne, has something interesting to do.
Aside from performances, it would be really difficult to enjoy this film, it doesn't matter who played it.
That said being an action blockbuster, it is not surprising that the worst thing is the script, which starts completely confusing, and when a game is explained (and not many things), it is completely ridiculous.
Why does the devil arrive on the New Year's Eve, 1999?
Because it is exactly 1000 years after the year of the devil, which is not 666, it turns out.
A hazelnut priest accidentally read it backwards, so the real year is 999, so add a 1 at the start, and you have 1999!
If you do not buy this explanation, you are not alone.
It's convoluted and silly at the same time.
The method by which Jericho locates Christine York is just as ridiculous (she is Christine, see, and she lives in New York, see.
 .
 .), And if it was not bad enough, there are a lot of annoying things in this film which are not at all explained.
Why can Satan kill everyone he spends on the street, but when it comes to reducing an ex-drunk, he is helpless?
Is it impermeable to a single sort of ball?
How is it that he cannot control Jericho or Christine?
And how did these Gregorian monks manage with time zones in their prophecies?
An awkward attempt at a joke is made on this subject, but it has never explained itself.
Usually, this kind of thing would not have importance in a film by Schwarzenegger (I mean, do not embark on the paradoxes of time offered by Terminator films), but this time, the inconsistencies of the intrigue isstand out even more than usual because the action is rarely exciting.
There are several predictable horror films present in "end of days", with the old "black cat hiding in a wardrobe", not that we never discovered what the cat was doing in there.
It becomes so formula that it is possible for those who were not interested in being afraid to close your eyes at the precise moment that a "boo" will come.
Their predictions will rarely be wrong.
The grandiose action sequences are completely without charm, in part because we do not care about these characters (due to the pathetic attempts at characterization and configuration of the script), and also because they too n'have no sense.
There is a scene where Schwarzenegger is thrown into a room by a little old man.
It's good for a few laughs, but not much else.
Supposedly, we must believe that it now has great strength due to being controlled by Satan, but the script never engages this, so the scene is simply silly.
None of this is terribly exciting, because all the action sequences are so seriously framed that it is often difficult to say why it happens first, not to mention that they are published in a quick cutting styleMTV incomprehensible complete.
Most of them made me scratch their heads, rather than saying: "Wow, cool!"
 "End of days" is not only silly and confusing, but it is also clearly unpleasant to look at.
The devil apparently does not work in the most subtle fashion, I'm going to convene myself-kill-each, another, in the Bible, but rather likes to kill people horribly in broad daylight.
It doesn't just make him a terribly predictable guy, but it also means that no unique scene at the end of the days "passes without unnecessarily graphic violence, nor the strange sexual encounter (yet another piece that made me scratch thehead).
If violence is supposed to be shocking, it is not a good idea to throw it into a film that the public is numb.
The scenes are not connected by reasonable means, so most of the time, the things are exploded, or people are killed, and I did not know why.
the reasons ?
To hell with reasons!
Let's do things!
Isn't that cool?
No, not a long time.
This film is t Oath inaccessible.
It is dull, endless and relentless in its stupidity.
Maybe Arnold needs to make films with James Cameron to rekindle his career, because it does not happen with Hack Peter Hyams here.
 "End of days" could have had camp value, if only it was not with an overly pious end that no one will buy.
If the film will be serious, the filmmakers should have found a decent script.
If it's going to be Campy, Arnold shouldn't be taken so damn seriously (I didn't really see him put on a cross, right?), And his character should not be such a sad bag.
In the current state of things, the "end of days" is only a bad film, and a horrible dark to that.