If there is one thing that I cannot bear, it is a film that oozes sentimentality.
Here is a note to all the filmmakers: the films are more effective when the emotions of the characters speak for themselves.
Inflated and sad music is not a good way to tell us that the people of the film are unhappy and that the situation is hopeless.
Alas, my giant is a film that uses manipulative sentimentality so frequently and with such high intensity that I have forgotten when there are other ways to bring members of the public.
What reminded me is that I was not suffocated, or even the slightest piece moved, by the way.
My giant is a forced, artificial and visibly unused (I hate the word "cute" but I chose to use it because the manufacturers clearly wanted to create a "cute" film here).
You need a premise that could have been interesting (I liked the overview), and torment them with endless turns and shots, which are all intended to obtain a kind of easy emotional climb from the public.
Maybe it will work for some people.
It didn't work for me.
Billy Crystal plays Sam Cayman, an agent who, at the start of the film, is in Romania.
He is in Romania because the child's actor he made famous makes a film.
The scenario has it in Romania so that it can be fired, put itself in a car accident and be saved by a huge individual who measures almost eight feet high.
His name is Max (Gheorghe Muresan), and Sam thinks he would be a big movie star because of his size.
The sub -intrigues are as follows: Sam has a son and a woman (Kathleen Quinlan), and he is never there for them, so they move to Chicago.
Max is in love with a woman named Lilianna who moved away from Romania twenty years before the start of the film.
Sam convinces Max to return to America with him so that they can earn a lot of money, and therefore their different sub -intrigues can all be resolved.
Sam is broken.
Max is dying.
Pass the Kleenex.
My giant, as a comedy, is only moderately funny.
He has his moments, the best of which presents Steven Seagal mocking himself.
In a big scene, Sam takes his son on the phone to speak to Seagal; of course, his son does not believe that he really speaks in Seagal, and he takes place how bad he is of an actor (I would quote theLine that I like, but it would probably lose its effect).
Crystal is always entertaining, and he has a few good lines here (some of which are subtle throws that are entirely missing); often, however, he is countered by a crowd of jokes which are not funny and cause an involuntary bearing of the eyes.
Muresan is rather fun to watch, but it cannot act very well.
Quinlan, on the other hand, is a great actress who needs to play a role that shows her talents.
She was underused last year in Horizon and Breakdown, but at least in these films, she had moments when she could show us her things.
Here, the best thing she does is to simulate a Romanian accent.
All these disappointing ingredients create a film which, for a large part of its duration, is simply poor.
However, my giant at his inevitable conclusion, the director Michael Lehmann (who did an excellent job by directing the under-destiny Hudson Hawk) and the screenwriter David Seltzer on each imaginable snapshot, each intended to shoot us.
Sam's multiple commitments with his family are all completely hackney (what would you say about a main character who has a healthy relationship with his family?).
Later, it turns out that the whole story is supposed to be a great metaphor meaning Sam's reunion with his family.
And some people might think that what Sam does for Max towards the end is a valiant thing, but I had some moral problems with that (and I apologize for being vague).
It's Icky.
He flows with sticky and budding human emotions.
My giant could have been a simple and funny family film.
dreary Regarding, it could have evolved at a much deeper level than it is.
Instead, it is a complicated film, too long and under-engage that causes too few laughter and strive of superficial tears.
And as it left me completely insensitive, I want my position that sentimentality is bad and will ultimately destroy the world.