Synopsis: Cro-Magnon Ayla loses her mother from an earthquake and escapes a certain death by a lion.
Contreal rescued by a Neanderthal clan which likes to have sex on the dog, Ayla grows to become a blonde and feminist model who defies the Neanderthal patriarchy by throwing rocks and giving birth without a companion.
Comments: Let me indicate the file that I find Daryl Hannah an attractive presence in the films.
She turned out to be quite charming as an intelligent astronomer of Romantic Roxanne comedy and just as frightening as taken in the Blade Runner of Science Fiction.
The Cave Bear clan clearly tries to capitalize on Hannah as a sale argument: the poster has a striking close -up of Hannah in tribal paint and the video box presents its lettering name of the same size as the title.
Even its main role in this turkey, unfortunately, can only save it from being an incredible exercise in cheese.
It is so unique (a film dealing with a prehistoric man who really tries, and who fails miserably, to be serious) that it is strangely fascinating.
The ridiculous attempt at drama here leaves the audience somehow pierced, wanting to see how this failure takes place.
The Bear Clan of the Cave is based on a popular novel by Jean M.auel.
To date, the book has a faithful worship.
I remember that one of my dear friends had a dog's ears copy of the novel that she had read like a child with all the so-called dirty parts with marker by her grandmother.
I have never read this book, but I hope it is 10,000 times better than its cinematic adaptation.
Otherwise, I am completely lost to explain its popularity.
The clan of the cave bear immediately opens onto a comic scene.
A young Ayla, very similar to Drew Barrymore in E.T.,
Tramps in the woods.
With her pretty little horse tails and her fur enveloped in connection with her, the expectations of the public of a convincing representation of prehistoric times are immediately broken.
The following is a ridiculously choreographed sequence in which an earthquake gives off Ayla's mother (a blonde with fur pants ... uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
leggings).
Tearful Ayla looks as the cameraman shakes the camera ... well,
While the earthquake is slowly retreating.
A hungry lion is interested in her for lunch, but the six -year -old young man manages to overcome the king of nature and find a safe refuge.
I will no longer detail history; this seems sufficient to illustrate my point.
This film is really stupid.
It never even gives the public a chance to suspend his disbelief.
In addition, the obvious comparison between the appearance of the Cro-Magnon man in prehistory and the rise of feminism in our century is roughly as subtle as burning a shit in front of Charlton Heston.
The film does not only suggest this message; it transforms the message into the public with one two by four.
A blond and magnificent woman calls into question the social laws of a group of people in light brown wigs.
She is "new people"; they are "elderly people" with "memories".
Yeah .
we understood .
we understood .
The Cave Bear clan apparently received an nodal nomination for the best makeup, which surprises me.
The film depends on a lot of makeup of course, but a large part is not convincing.
As indicated above, Daryl Hannah is Daryl Hannah here; she seems to get out of the shower all the time.
The rest of the characters have a dark makeup of a kind by maculating to look like dirt.
Face painting that is sometimes seen is perhaps the only notable work here in my mind.
This film also suffers from its cheeky new age.
Perhaps the music sounded much cooler or original in 1985, but now it seems dated and shot, like badly designed elevator music.
Add to that the fake-mysticism of the film, including spiritual animals and dream visions, and a narrator who looks like a psychic that you expect to hear on a 1-900 numb Uh, and you get a film that has serious problems that are serious.
The clan of the Bear of the Cave is classified R, although it is probably one of the most harmless offensive films that I have seen for a long time.
It contains several sex scenes without nudity.
Violence consists mainly of hunting scenes.
The funniest moment of the film occurs when a Neanderthal in love with Ayla tries to save her from a fierce bear.
The bear bites its head and the public sees it roll.
Although it may seem free, I'm sure, it's so cheesy that it probably won't bother most people.
The Cave's Bear Clan is a bad film.
However, as I wrote at the start of this review, he has the distinction of originality.
As a general rule, when I think of the films at the bottom of the bar dealing with an early man, fantastic films involving dinosaurs (which did not exist at the same time as man) and Raquel Welch come to mind.
The Cave Bear clan tries so much to be serious that, although it is so bad, the public is always interested in the unique setting and the characters in the film (that's why I awarded this two -star turkey).
I must think that fans of the book would be disappointed with this cinematographic version; however, I only tip this observation that the book is almost invariably better than the film.
I shiver to think it could be otherwise ...