Go Hollywood, surprise me.
Stop giving us these badly written thrillers with a banal dialogue, summary characters and plots as predictable as sunset.
The Morgan Freeman always watched plays a detective who is personally involved in a case involving missing girls.
Staff, because his niece is one of the victims.
It is a buzzing psychopath, of course, but this time there is a twist.
Freeman notes that each of the young women who disappeared are all strong, affirmed and more successful in their careers than the average girl.
We soon learn that the guy is called Casanova, whose goal is to "dominate" these modern girls by imprisoning them in a dungeon and keeping them like his personal harem.
Anyway, one of the women manages to escape (Ashly Judd) and joins forces with Freeman ... Well,
you know the rest .
A brief glance at the intrigue in the silence of the lambs, with which this film is constantly compared to the media threshing merchants, can suggest that lambs also have a fairly predictable story.
Perhaps, but this film also has superbly drawn characters and an intelligent dialogue.
So let's not insult a big film by taking the comparisons later, okay?
And as for comparisons at seven ... oh
please !
Kiss The Girls is based on James Patterson's novel and written for the screen by a David Klass.
Perhaps the novel was a stinking to start, but whatever the case, it is the writing that is clearly at fault here.
First, these characters have very little to say that it is engaging or interesting.
Second, the script has no sense of humor.
Three, although the concept of victims of a psycho is intelligent, the successful women are an interesting turn, the execution is not even half as good as the idea.
Thus, Ashly Judd appears on all focusing, instead of being the heart of history.
We cannot feel his rage.
Certain excruciating discreet exchanges atrociously written between her and several male characters are supposed to remind us that she is the type of non-Bullshit 90, but these conversations are barely written.
And as for Freeman, Kiss The Girls is his second dog in a year: first chain reaction now.
For an actor of his caliber, it is very worrying.
Young director Gary Fleder scored a success a few years ago with his eccentric things to do in Denver when you died.
But what can he do with equipment as resolutely mediocre as that?
Not much, and you can barely blame him.
There are some well staged pursuit scenes through the forest where the camera swirls, dives and jumps, and the effect is surprising.
But the script is beyond the rescue.
What hurts is that Hollywood continues to get away with these guts, safely knowing that the jaded audience will go up.
Rules of complacency: It's been so long since we have not seen a general public thriller who delivered juicy characters, real surprises and a dialogue always clear.
The only consolation of this spectator is that my ticket for the film was positive and positive proof that the best things in life are not free ....
 .