Playing the bone is a punch gasket in a film.
Containing a good broken but horrible actor; an interesting premise but a terrible execution, Ron Shelton (white men cannot jump) gives us a rocky story with not a rocky but two.
Rocky no.1 is Vince Boudreau (Woody Harrelson, EDTV), a bald Christian, tattooed and newly converted, whose idea of Christianity does not use the name of Christ as a word of curse ...
Something he has not yet succeeded.
Rocky No.2 is César Dominguez (Antonio Banderas, the 13th warrior), Vince's best friend who is currently going out with the ex-girlfriend of Vince, Grace.
The two men approach the end of their careers "almost" when a stroke of luck offers them a redemptive opportunity.
When the two combatants of the sub-card of a fight for the title of Mike Tyson based in Vegas become incapable, combat promoters must find a quick replacement.
Our boys are tangled to fight, whose winner is "promised" a shot during a next fight for the title.
The film is divided into two sections.
At the beginning, we have a photo of Buddy Road like our two heroes, in the sassy "herbous" green muscle car from Grace, traveling through the desert in Vegas in order to make the fight for this day.
Along the way, we learn their pasts and the opportunities that have been passed.
Once in Vegas, the film moves to the combat sequences effectively staged between Vince and César.
The two MR.HARRELSON and Mr. Bandera provided us with amazing characterizations in the past, not that we know their work here.
M. Harrelson is uncomfortably clumsy, apparently, having never obtained a firm handle on Vince.
The Christian conversion angle simply falls flat and incredible.
M. Bandera is unusually non -charismatic than Caesar.
Low and ineffective, there is little life in its performance on the screen.
The other actors involved only play stereotypes in one kind or another.
Tom Sizemore (Saving Private Ryan), Robert Wagner (Austin Powers II: The Spy Who Shagged Me), and Richard Masur (shooting below) are twisted promoters, Lucy Liu (Payback) is a sexual autarved in searchAt a good time, and Lolita Davidovich (gods and monsters), is the shared girlfriend who cannot decide which boxer she prefers.
Due to the weak characters and the lack of screen chemistry between them, the film wades with all the attraction of a dead fish until the boxing match really begins.
But even then, because the result is so obvious, the suspense factor is canceled and we are relegated to watch two men rub.
The writer / director Ron Shelton has clearly spent a lot of time orchestrating the combat sequence because he is well photographed, well choreographed, well edited and well conformed.
If only part of this same detailed attention had been diverted to the remaining parts of the film.
As it stands, the scenes that require that the characters really talk to each other are weak and laughable.
The title is actually the most interesting aspect of the film.
The expression "playing bone" is a reference to see something throughout or to leave until you have achieved your desired goal.
It is a biblical principle.
 "I don't know that those who run in a race all run, but a price receives the price?"
So run, you can get. "
1 Corinthians 9: 24 [KJV]
Getting something worthy in life requires "playing bone".
We must develop mentalities and levels of commitment fully convinced in order to support and persevere beyond the obstacles and the distractions that found us between us and our declared goals.
This is true in practical matters of our physical life as well as in maturity in the development of our spiritual life.
As a film, playing bone is hardly worth our time.
But in principle of life, the expression "playing bone" are words to live.