I will be the first to admit it.
When you mention the big expectations of the book, I immediately start to live flashbacks in the English secondary class of the secondary, where I was confronted with a boring torturing book filled with people of such absurd names like Pip and Magwitch.
Yes, it is a classic of literature, but it was rather dry, pushed my young throat like a spoon of bitter medicine.
Admittedly, the experience was not really so bad, but, to quote Ethan Hawke in the last cinematographic adaptation of the book, "I'm not going to tell the story of the way it happened ... I will
I'm going to say it as I remember. "
Anyway, to return from Nostalgia Lane, and return to the present, Hollywood, in her tendency attempt to modernize the classics, now presents a cinematographic version updated in major expectations.
Instead of Pip, this time, the central character is called Finn (played as a boy by Jeremy Kissner and by Ethan Hawke as an adult).
Finn is an orphan raised by his unfaithful sister Maggie, or if that is Mme.Je, (Kim Dickens), and her coarse fisherman husband, Joe (Christ Cooper).
The setting is the Florida coast in the mid -1970s.
Finn is an artist in flowering and spends his time running around the beach by drawing fish (one of his two favorite subjects).
During one of these escapades, he literally stumbles on a criminal escaped (Robert Deniro).
Borrowing a page from the Max Cady superhuman, the Deniro criminal has an apparently unlimited pulmonary capacity and promotes hiding on the bottom of the ocean.
Okay ... maybe
This is an exaggeration, but he certainly beats one of Houdini's records in the opening scenes of the film.
And it's nothing alongside the energy efficiency of the Finn motor boat, but I'm getting lost.
Anyway, Finn does the condemned a good action, just to show that he is a really swollen guy.
And then the intrigue continues.
Enter Miss Havisham ... or
Ms .Dinsmoor here (Anne Bancroft).
Abandoned at the altar approximately 26 years ago, MS.DINSMOOR is the quintessence of the old woman rich crazy maid.
With bizarre clothes, eccentric manners and a few kilos of makeup, Anne Bancroft is excessively seriously in this role.
Although she finds herself anywhere near a credible character, she adds humor to the film.
Joe is hired to help gardening in his negligent way, but the MS insane. Dinsmoor soon hires Finn to be a game for her niece, Estella (Raquel Beaudene as a young girl, Gwyneth Paltrow as an Adult).
For no apparent reason, apart from providing the main intrigue of the film, Finn is instantly struck for Estella.
It may be his arrogant attitude or his total disdain for his person, or perhaps Finn simply never met a girl before.
In any case, neither as a child nor adults, chemistry simply does not exist between the two, and yet Finn passes the rest of the film which is committed to it.
Even when, as an adult, Finn arrives in New York at the request of a mysterious benefactor, reactivates with Estella and draws her portrait in the naked, there is nothing.
In fact, there is more sexual tension between Helen Hunt and the Gay artist from Greg Kinnear during a similar scene in AS Good Than It getting.
At this stage, the public has become as cold and detached as the character of Estella, and does not care about the two characters.
Most of the blame here falls on Gwyneth Paltrow.
She fails to impregnate Estella, a character far from the book, with even the most vague traces of humanity.
There is obviously something that does not go when, watching the film, you are more interested in the size of his nose in silhouette than you on his character.
Without a strong Estella, Finn's obsession seems baseless.
You want him to stop whining, to let Estella marry her rival, Walter Plane (a strangely moderate Hank Azaria), and to continue his life.
In fact, the two relationships that work in the film are purely tangential to t The main plot.
Finn's relationship with his brother-in-law, Joe, is interesting, if a little stereotypical.
What is more fascinating are his interactions with Deniro.
Although this is just a little part, it shows how much a strong actor can create vitality.
It is obvious that director Alfonso Cuarsn has put a lot of work in creating the imagery of the film.
Some of the shots work, but others are too obviously staged (for example, the two scenes of water fountain) to have an impact.
The art of Finn (in fact the creations of the Italian painter, Francesco Clemente) is used throughout the film, but it would not especially have the planned effect.
We never see why Finn would generate this style of art, which is simultaneously raw and perceptive.
As a result, he finds himself as distant as the rest of the film.
The modernization of classics is currently in vogue (see Romeo + Juliet by William Shakespeare).
Simply update the action in a modern setting and apply a lot of modern rocks.
But such ornaments do not do much to go back great expectations.
As much as I feared the novel when I read it for the first time, you would probably be better to suffer from a reading than to watch this film without romance.