So ask yourself what "8 mm" is ("eight millimeters").
Is it a healthy surveillance man who loses sight of his values after being tangled in thin and shady hells of hardcore pornography?
Is it the company itself, how, just bubbling below the surface of the Americaa in big city, there are a sordid world of sick and depraved people who will not necessarily stop for murder in orderto satisfy their sick and twisted desires?
Or is it about those who can, those who are able to influence the manufacture of the types of sick and denial films want to see?
I am not talking about movies to spring, supposed "documentaries" of brutalized victims and killed in front of the camera.
I'm talking about films like "8 mm" and its director, Joel Schumacher.
With a recent series of big budget films to his credit - "Batman & Robin", "A Time to Kill", "Batman Forever", "The Customer" - Chumacher certainly has this kind of influence.
"8 mm" is something that you really want to see?
probably not .
The first two thirds of "8 mm" take place as a drama of fairly conventional missing people, although with a particularly uncompromising nucleus.
Then, as has been threatened from the start, the film explodes in violence.
And just when you think it's ultimately finished, Schumacher marks a ridiculous final of self that leads all the unpleasant experience even more.
trust me .
There are better ways to lose two hours of your life.
Nicolas' Snake Eyes "Snake Eyes" cages plays the private investigator Tom Welles who is hired by a rich widow of Philadelphia to determine if a film coil found in the safe documents of her late husband, a murder of a young girl.
Welles goes about her mission rather at a glance, and the pieces of the puzzle are rather carefully implemented, almost as if you did not need skills or specialized training to do this.
Welles certainly makes things easy.
And the cops, of course, never look in toilet tanks for clues.
More Welles is deeper in his investigation, the more he becomes obsessed, like George C.Scott in "Hardcore" by Paul Schrader.
Sometimes, a little of his thief swirls in his head like pables rolled through a film projector, reminding him of his unpleasant task.
There are clues that it has been wreaking havoc on her charming wife, played by Catherine Keener, who is frustrated by her husband who spends her time in Cleveland rather than in their ugly split house in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
 "8 mm" does not condemn or tolerates his subject, he simply exploits it.
The irony, of course, is that Schumacher and the scribe of "seven" Andrew Kevin Walker of life in the tabac lane of Tabas of Tabas
We therefore only see extracts from tobacco to a spring, and many more sequences of Nicolas Cage covering his horror face.
Later, it is the turn of Joaquin Phoenix (which is quite good and by far the most interesting character of the film as a bookstore for adults Sunday Max California) to cover your face while the horrible thing is projected again andAgain.
All this to arrive at the familiar but offensive "revelation" that the sexual deviants are not, in fact, monsters but everyday people like you and me.
Neither super nor standard, "8 mm" is only shocking in his banality.