Tectonic plates are an incredibly painful cinematographic experience that almost prompted me to release 20 minutes in the film.
The film (which opened in Canada in 1992 but has never been published in the United States) is based on a 1988 play of the Canadian author Robert Lapage, and, although it is obvious thatThis could be a fascinating live production, the translation to the screensst a creative disaster.
Durable tectonic plates are like sitting through a filmed version of Performance Art - lifeless and tedious.
The qualities that make him captivating when seen in person are erased in the world of the film.
The tectonic plates have a scenario, although the story is developed in a resolutely non -traditional way, with photos of the play linked to the scene interspersed with more typical cinematographic sequences.
It is not an intrinsically uninteresting way to present a film (despite the valid complaint that it is pretentious, everything but lit, "Look!
art !"),
Although it maintains the public distant from the characters.
Because we are constantly informed that we watch a play or a film, it is impossible to accept these individuals as something other than mouths for the ideas of the writer.
They are not real, sympathetic or credible.
I am ready to give the director can put the credit for having tried something different, but this particular experience is not a success.
The tectonic plates open by presenting us to Madeleine (Marie Gignac), a student in a student student in Montreal who fell in love with her teacher, Jacques (Lapage).
One day, he disappears and, fearing that he will not have left because she could not deserve her love, Madeleine went to Venice to commit suicide.
While preparing to commit suicide, she meets drug addiction Constance (Celine Bonnier), which leads Madeleine to rethink her decision.
Meanwhile, Jacques moved to New York, where he begins to cross, is called Jennifer and becomes a successful Talkshow host.
With parameters that pass from Paris to Venice to Montreal to Manhattan via Scotland, by supporting characters who include a goddess with bare breasts and a deaf / dumb, and cultural references that point to Chopin, George Sand and JimMorrison, the tectonic plates are unique, so rieaux.
However, as interesting as the film seems (and I was delighted to see it because the synopsis is promising), it never really delivers.
The tone is soporific, the supposed intellectual talkative is stupid and without interest, the intrigue winds in an unnecessary and irritating way (although it does not take the spectator for a long time to determine that the story is largely unimportant), andSymbolism is obvious.
The tectonic plates try to show that human interaction is as volatile as unpredictable as the change of earth, but it takes a hundred minutes to cross this transparent point.
There are valid moments, like an idiotic sword fight between Jacques and the goddess bare breasts and an entertaining discussion in French and in English on the differences between the two languages (although the fine points are certainly lost for those who do notare not bilingual).
The only people likely to take advantage of the tectonic plates are those who feel a strong need to rent something without root and boredom because (a) it is different, (b) it is not like all thatThey have seen before, and (c) it is pretentious.
For everyone, it is not only a waste of time, but a bad introduction to the work of Robert Lapage.