The recent assault on the film Noir which appeared in multiplexes, with everything going from "L
With this particular genre, directors are able to bring together the shady underworld of the lower class and the glamorous and opulent upper class, while retaining the black and ambiguous atmosphere, the food of the film noir.
 "Wild Things" could be classified as a black comedy, a sensual black film or a simple erotic thriller, but the only category for which it does not qualify is that of a quality film.
Surface, overworked and surprising, "Wild Things" is a confused mess, a film that wants to have its cake and eat it too.
With his incalculable twists and turns, his turns, his more and more twists and more turns, he soon becomes a tedious exercise in uselessness.
Despite Kevin Bacon and Matt Dillon's play efforts, who manage to maintain straight faces throughout the test, "wild things" not once in his eroticism, his unpredictability, his motivation of the character, his meaningof the world, its plot, etc. There is not a single redemptive quality in the image which is not technical.
Directed by John Mcnauughton ("Henry: Portrait of a serial killer"), "Wild Things" follows Sam Lombardo (Matt Dillon), a high school teacher from Florida rude de la suburony who is the dream of each woman spoken in thecommunity.
especially one.
Kelly Van Ryan (Denise Richards) loves it to such a measure that she offers to wash her jeep with a partner.
Soon, her little shorts is soaked and told the other girl to hike, allowing her to come to his place.
The next thing, she cries rape.
And the so-called "Ride Ride Roule" follows.
A second accuser comes in front, Suzie Toller (Neve Campbell), a tattooed bin of Booze-Drinkin 'and tattooed who loads Lombardo of the sexually molest, practically guaranteeing a trial where breathtaking confessions, the asinine occurrences and the procedures of the roomrosetice justice are linked to what is linked.
Even Bill Murray enters the act as a wacky lawyer from Lombardo.
He wears a false neck, agitates his finger on the other customer and infused the script with a little Billy Murray.
You can say that Mcnaughton knew that he had nothing to lose in Murray with this role.
As ridiculous as it may seem, he is the healthiest character in the film.
The community is amazed.
Journalists flee the scene.
There is an 8.5 million settlement for a defamation pursuit against Kelly's mother (Theresa Russell).
There is the ambiguous cop (Kevin Bacon, who also produced an executive) who sniffs something uncertain in this concocction of deception, murder and lust.
We, the public, sniffs something not so lescent.
Like so many thrillers these days, notably "The Usal Suspects" and "The Game", "Wild Things" avoids the character of the plot.
Mcnauughton knows how to manage the camera, and he keeps the Campy of the script garnitures which flow with ease of work, as if he knew that the territory he covers is a harmless aperitif to accompany "Henry", a director of director ofFurious and disturbing film -Forner.
George Clinton's score is a pleasure to see.
But they are humans.
The characters are only devices for "bad" twists and turns.
The writer Stephen Peters does not understand, it is that it becomes involuntarily involuntary, almost unbearable, if those who inhibit this twisted world are not interesting, do not feel real or if we do not care about them.
Even the involuntarily funny moments do not work.
The people of "wild things" are not so many people as caricatures.
Then there is the erotic content, which almost earned the film an NC-17, for a manner-a-three, poorly published and poorly published and poorly published.
And in what must be one of the most incompetent scenes that have honored this country, the member of Kevin Bacon makes a cameo appearance with ten minutes to do.
Ironically , the craziest elements of "wild things" are not at all wild.