`` The Bachelor '' is one of the best terrible films you will never see.
Small through this sticky mud, detestable is quite the chore for a devoted romantic.
Those who hope to find a real charm and a feeling behind this vehicle Chris O'Donnell should wander elsewhere; "The Bachelor" is a painfully clumsy waste with a few brief moments of surprising peat.
Waiting for these moments by hardening the rest of the film is certainly not worth your time or money.
Although he has not been quite evolved with the pretty stereotypical cocoon, Chris O'Donnell has an effortless charm as an actor.
Most will recognize him as the high -flying Robin of the last two films "Batman", but other capacities are obvious behind his childish smile.
Can O'Donnell carry the weight of a film on his shoulders?
Perhaps, if he found the vehicle appropriate ...
But the "baccalaureate" is far from the requirements.
The actor simply cannot register with a scenario as pathetic as the guiding light.
Aside from a few cases of adorable humor, it becomes obvious that no one could save the pursor mess which is "the baccalaureate".
O'Donnell plays Jimmie, a desperate romantic at the end of the twenty who progresses in a serious relationship with Anne (Renee Zellweger).
Jimmie takes Anne dinner to the restaurant specially used for proposals and tries to ask her for her hand in marriage.
The problem is that his proposal is zero.
highligths .
You can say that things are not going pleasantly, because Jimmie gets the infamous? The gaze of deer-in-the-the-heads when Anne questions her approach.
And then, the intrigue (with the stupidity of the film) thickens.
Jimmie's grandfather (Peter Ustinov) suddenly dies, leaving a video to his grandson (who also happens to be his only living parent).
Everyone is speechless when grandfather declares that he transmits an inheritance in the amount of $ 100 million to Jimmie.
Of course, there is a problem: he must marry before his 30th birthday, stay joined to his bride for an entire decade and produce healthy children in the first five years.
The bad news is that Jimmie's birthday is the next day.
With Anne out of the city, he must find a voluntary bride with which to share his riches ...
and within a very limited time.
There are certainly some interesting aspects of "The Bachelor".
On the one hand, the approach of the film is interesting and does not flow from the cliché?.
Another is the colorful cast.
O'Donnell and Zellweger are cute together, and the distribution of support tirelessly tries to save the drowning film in its own mediocrity.
Ustinov is pleasant as a grumpy grandfather figure, and James Cromwell is sincere and effective while a wise priest dragged in the marital adventures of Jimmie.
And now the disadvantages: the approach can be interesting, but trying an old -fashioned method, the director Gary Styor gives the film a synthetic sensation.
The characters are drawn with obvious cerebral vascular accidents, and the plot is mired with all that is imagined humanly.
Yes, "The Bachelor" is much more frustrating than cute.
The script is widely written and the subject poorly designed.
The considerable charm of the two tracks is wasted without thinking, as well as the promise of the film initially contained.
The potential comes out through the window early to adapt to the "colorful" approach of Styor, but not a minute of this unhappy radicus seems used to the wishes of the director.
"The baccalaureate" is lost without homing tag to save him.
You saw the television spots, right?
O'Donnell rushes madly in a deserted street and the legend reads as if this short man? '
In reality, he fled thousands of angry brides who want to marry him and inherit his fortune (this is one of the rare pleasant sequences of the film).
After seeing the film, I think the Ho approach RDE could be something else.
O'Donnell could flee his angry fans, who have just suffered "The Bachelor", and hunt him to take revenge.