Several days after seeing this film, I always try to determine what director Christopher Guest, a man whose sense of humor I usually appreciate, found funny in the concept or execution of almost hero.
Is it a terrible cinema? An example of comedy of the period play with terrible production values and an exceptionally mediocre funny / jokes.
There is a kind of despair in the approach of the film towards the humor which reveals the uncertainty of the filmmakers on the entertainment of the material; the maniac style betrays as a last attempt at hiding place to hide the faults of a faulty script.
The premise does not seem particularly fun at the start? Almost Heroes tells the story of two explorers, the effeminate Leslie Edwards (Matthew Perry) and the Hust Bartholomew Hunt (Chris Farley), who run Lewis and Clark during the northern trip-The American west.
Edwards and Hunt are accompanied by the types of bizarre that we find in road films (although the variety of the early 19th century), including a French named Guy Fontenot who claims to talk about hundreds of languages (none of whom turns outUseful), a young Indian girl who turns into a compulsory love interest and a bizarre man who suffers from a series of debilitating injuries.
Along the way, the intrepid explorers meet bears, white -headed pygargues, aging Native American warriors and a conquistador named Hildago (Kevin Dunn) who deludes her beautiful hair.
The explorers' trek leads them through the forests, through the snowy rocky mountains and on a waterfall.
This configuration leads to a lot of cries, a lot of madness and very little laughs.
Farley engages in his usual shtick to fall and beugler, but, apart from a temporarily entertaining confrontation with an eagle, his heart does not seem to be there.
Matthew Perry, one of the stars of television friends (who had a modest success in the romantic comedy, Fools Rush in) is seriously put badly.
As a leaf for Farley and antidote to his fleeing energy, Perry does not have the necessary edge of the hetero proverbial man.
I'm not a big fan of David Spade, and I didn't like Tommy Boy, but at least him and Farley worked well together.
Regarding support players, none of them is only an ephemeral impression.
Eugene Levy is wasted and Kevin Dunn is about as interesting here as in Godzilla.
Frankly, it is a disappointment to see something so stupid and ugly comes from Christopher Guest, from the brilliant comic force behind films such as Spinal Tap, the overview and to wait for Guffman.
Although the guest obtains the right costumes, this almost in question does not replace the weak scenario and reliable execution.
The special effects, as they are, are execrable.
For an example of a really poor blue screen work, watch the scenes where the characters shoot on the rapids (they obviously get buckets of water launched on them) and where Farley is swept away by an eagle.
Even if Farley did not have the most stellar actor careers, he does not deserve the kind of unhappy epitaph offered by almost heroes.
While some of the most scandalous attempts of humor can coax a few laughs of 12 -year -old boys, the level of comedy in almost heroes falling below the level of sophomotoris.
Farley fans who see this film as a way of saying goodbye should be congratulated for their loyalty, because it takes real endurance to sit throughout the duration of this film torture session.