_Dirty_Work_ has a premise of a deliciously petty potential.
Mitch Weaver (Norm Macdonald) and his best friend for life Sam McKenna (Artie Lange) are losers in life: they were constantly chosen at school, and now they cannot occupy regular jobs.
But as the trailer says, "there is one thing that Mitch Weaver is good - Revenge."
Thus, he and Sam write their unrivaled skills to obtain projects in a marketable revenge company called Dirty Work Inc.
This should be the terrain of a wonderfully nasty black comedy, but for a film called _dirty_Work_, what follows is rather clean of the mind.
In fact, what makes Mitch and Sam start their business is not a dizzying desire to give the intimidators a taste of their own medication, but rather a more Sappy reason: Sam's father (Jack Warden) needsFrom a cardiac transplant, and to move him at the top of the recipient list, his Doctor of Paris Compulsively (Chevy Chase) asks guys of $ 50,000 to reimburse his bookmaker.
So, for all the intrigues that happens, under each sneaky intrigue is-Gasp!-A
Heart, who undermines the inherent wickedness of the premise.
Not that there is not much wickedness exposed - there is, but in a different kind.
There are frequent sexual references, especially in the form of prostitutes and the lust of the helpless father of Sam for them.
And for a film classified PG-13, the director Bob Saget (yes, that Bob Saget, by _Full_house_ and _amica's_funniest_home_videos_) and the writers Frank Sebastiano, Fred Wolf and Macdonald himself, extend the limits of good taste-it isInevitor little - there was little too much (was not one, but two distinct instances of sodomy between the really necessary animals?).
But the problem, of course, is not so much taste as humor - as in, is it funny or not?
The answer is a non -resounding.
It's not that Macdonald is not a funny guy.
He was one of the funniest interpreters of the most constantly funny on _saturday_night_live_ before his very spoken shot, and his dry brand of Smartass Wit translates well on the big screen; it does not do any harm that it is a presenceOn the natural and friendly screen.
He is able to give some of his lines a nice acid touch, but, for the most part, the oneliners, such as writings, are flat, and the big slapsticks simply do not work (a racing gag literally makes him beBuilding throws - a real riot).
However, the few brilliant moments of Macdonald are roughly the only moments of the film.
The late Chris Farley, as hysterical as it was, is fun in a role of cameo, but, as a whole, the support players are amateur and apparently free from any indicator of director.
Saget tries to do the procedure with Kitsch cameos from Gary Coleman, Adam Sandler and John Goodman, but their minimum novelty value cannot prevent _dirty_work_ from pulverizing at the end of his in short, 81 -minute execution time.
The film closes on a sad note of despair, an indulgent coil of outings from which only those involved in production would derive all fun.
To think of it, I cannot imagine anyone other than those involved in production to find a lot of fun in the entire _dirty_work_.