The Blues Brothers was a wonderful film, a hilarious comedy filled with good music.
He shouted for a sequel, but the premature death of John Belushi seemed to eliminate the idea.
However, eighteen years have passed and the long dormant continuation finally emerged.
Unfortunately, it is a sequel that is not worthy of the original.
The film begins exactly eighteen years after the end of the first.
Elwood Blues (Dan Aykroyd) only gets out of prison, his brother Jake having recently died.
As in the first film, he first visits Mother Mary Stigmata (Kathleen Freeman), then maintained to put the group back.
The absence of John Belushi leaves a terrible hole in the film, and although three new characters are created to fill the void, it is always very visible.
First of all, there is Cabel (Joe Morton) the illegitimate son of the Stepfather d'Elwood (played by Cab Calloway in the first film).
Cabel hesitates to join his destiny and spends most of the film as an Illinois sheriff, to continue the Blues Brothers group.
Then there is Mighty Mack (John Goodman), a bartender who becomes the new main singer of the group.
Finally, there is Buster (J.
Evan Bonifant), a ten -year -old orphan who marks with Elwood and ends up joining the group.
The film plot is barely original ... he
Seems to be almost a clone of the original.
Elwood must go to reluctantly recover each member of the group, they then travel, while being prosecuted by the police, and occur at several strange stops until they finally reach the grand final in concert.
The first film had neonazis as a random element, this time, the Russian mafia and a militia group fulfill their role.
In fact, the duplication of the plot is so ridiculously complete that certain scenes are practically identical to the original.
Remember classic performance at Country Bob (where they love the two types of music: Country and Western) of the first film?
Well, this film has a performance in a country fair, where the group should play Bluegrass music.
There is the massive stack of the police car, although this time the gag falls completely flat.
There is even an exact replica of the conversion scene in the church of the Reverend Cleophus (James Brown).
There are also a lot of recurring characters.
In addition to Mother Stigmata and Reverend Cleophus, Aretha Franklin resumes her role as Mrs.Murphy.
Frank Oz, a prison guard in the first film, makes an appearance here as a prison guard.
As stars, the new Blues Brothers are not up to their inheritance.
Aykroyd is more talkative, but much flatteer than Elwood.
John Goodman barely has a character as a powerful Mack.
Joe Morton has the deepest character, but not terribly interesting, as a taxi.
And what is the problem with the orphan?
He plays like a desperate gadget who does not throw himself at all with the rest of the film.
At least bonus is not as early as it could have been in the role.
But the real star, and the only saving grace of the film is music.
And the film is thrilled (even during and after the end credits).
Although there are no brilliant mergers of comedy and singing as in the raw / stand by your man medley square, the music is very pleasant.
To top it off, the film is thrilled with branchies with appearances of Camée musicians.
Nénéking, Blues Traveler, Eric Clapton, Travis Tritt, Wilson Pickett, Erykah Badu, Bo Diddley and Steve Winwood are just a sample of the multitude of stars that make an appearance here and there.
Unfortunately, the music stops here and there to allow in the familiar plot.
If the simple copy of the original Blues Brothers was not bad enough, the writers Aykroyd and John Landis abandon it, removing all the memorable characters and replacing them with flashy but incredible and magical gadgets.
it's a shame .
Buy the soundtrack and avoid the film.
Better yet, Rewatch the original ... you
Have a much better time.