You know that a film has problems when most public members leave laughing ... and
It's not a comedy!
And what a strange career path for director Chuck Russell.
He began his career with a decent approach to the series "Nightmare on Elm Street" with his beginnings as director of the number three event.
He follows this with the Blob next year, but is still waiting for six years to make his next play, a short film entitled The Mask with Jim Carrey, then an additional star vehicle in Eraser two years after that.
So he thought: "Let me wait another five years, get a weak script stuck with shots and hope that Jimmy Smites and Kim Basinger could remove it from his ashes"?!?
Strange guy and a crappy film.
Land: a six -year -old girl would be a kind of mysterious prophet sent from God.
A satanic cult wants the girl to turn on their side, while the aunt of the girl wants ...
Save it from these fucking devil adorators!
Enter an occult expert agent, many boho cops and many nuns praying, and you have more or less things here.
Criticism: with holes of the intrigue of the size of my ass, this film barely leads to a sense of her cliché?-The intrigue, with wasted talents, uncontrollable effects, bad dialogue and involuntary laughs to start.
What is good in this film?
Well, Rufus Sewell is quite fun to look like the head of a children's refuge in fugue / Supreme Satanist, with seriously nasty eyes and just enough ham in his performance to go with all the dragging cheese.
The little girl is also quite good, but unfortunately, her character does not really do as much.
And believe it or not, I actually appreciated part of the first half hour of the film, which begins with a promise, but not before Bonehead moves after Bonehead moves from our protagonist, Basinger, Drown quite simplyThe basis of the credibility of the film.
For any reason, it takes more time than anyone to understand that its niece is good, and even longer to understand that every movement it makes ... is
A stupid!
Add this to all of the incompetent police forces, with the exception of Jimmy Smites (whose talented agent informed him that playing exactly the same character in NyPD Blue would be a good career decision?
At least change clothes, Jimmy!), Zero fears, zero sensations and even less drama, and you have a very bad film.
And why would respected actors like Christina Ricci and Ian Holm take parts in this film?
Did they have a favor or something to the director?
Together, they have barely five minutes of screen time, but I suppose that the Ricci hospital room is perhaps worth it for some of you.
The worst of this film is its incredibly incredible hilarious end, who presents police officers who provide the brilliant idea of "sneaking" on the house of a man, whom they know how to be guilty of a crime!
Uuuhmm ... how are you
About knocking on the door and stopping her ass sorry, officers?!
Anyway, I generally do not register spoilers in my criticisms, but the stupidity of some of these characters is simply too difficult to describe without validating it with a solid silly proof (and there was a lot to do).
And did Basinger lost part of his acting "talent" during his interruption of the profession after his Oscar victory in 1997?
Difficult to say if it is her lines that were really bad, or if she delivered them badly.
Anyway, little originality, very obvious computer effects, small sensations, little drama and very little entertainment value, certainly grant the honor of one of the worst films from summer tothis film.
But if you don't really mind a revised gobbledygook of various satanic thrillers and "for" kid ", and likes to watch films that bring nothing new to the table ... Well,
Drink beers, smoke beans and rent this VI Deo, because it may be one of the funniest thrillers of the year.