One of the answers that like "Detroit Rock City" (probably fucking fans, mainly) could have a first look at the note that I gave in the film could be something like: "Oh, this caseyis gone and becomes a critic shared on us.
What did he just expect from a stupid rock n 'roll film like this? "
I wonder the same.
I have the impression that I should have had a big moment with "Detroit Rock City".
This is the kind of film with which I would have liked to be able to have fun, but I did not do it.
I did not do it.
This film is surely not trying to win major prices, so should I expect an Oscar caliber film?
No, but I expected something.
A funny joke.
An intelligent farce.
a development of the plot.
Nothing .
The film never delivers.
You must amaze the way the filmmakers have managed to offer a film that really does not concern anything.
 "Detroit Rock City" is one of those films from which you are released after the credits and realize that you have just spent 90 minutes watching a film in which nothing has happened to justify the existence of the film, and this n'is not a very satisfactory achievement.
The film represents about four teenagers, all huge Kiss from Cleveland, trying to embark on a concert to kiss in Detroit, Michigan.
that's it .
There is no great description of the intrigue in this criticism, because the film has very little intrigue.
The characters are Hawk (Edward Furlong), Lex (Giuseppe Andrews), Trip (James Debello) and Jam (Sam Huntington).
They have a garage group.
They are pathetic, like all garage groups, but they love the kiss and they like rock n 'roll, so I suppose that means that we root for them.
They have tickets, they lose them.
They get more tickets, they also lose them.
They offer crazy diagrams to get tickets, most of which turn around.
There is not much more.
Frankly, it becomes a little less exciting to see them try to get tickets halfway halfway through the film, while a total of eight tickets have already honored the hands of the boys, only to be lost becauseof their stupidity.
Oh, and Jam (the real name Jeremiah) has a really, really boring ultra-religious mother who should be reported to the child protection agency.
She does not want them to see Kiss, if you had not already understood it.
It is really quite discouraging to see such a fine soundtrack to waste in an unnecessary film like this.
We have a lot of kissing, as well as AC / DC, Ramones and the fine lizy.
Again, "Maximum overdrive" had an impressive soundtrack (me being the big AC / DC fan that I am), but is probably one of the worst films of all time.
 "Detroit Rock City" does not quite reach this level of ineptia, but it is dangerously closer.
In fact, music is the only thing that prevents this film from being a complete failure in my mind.
Basically, the soundtrack has earned the film half a complete half-star, which means that all the involved groups can be tapped in the back (except Marilyn Manson, whose "Highway to Hell cover cover"AC / DC looks like something the neighbor's cat has coughing).
It is also really sad to see the talents of the distribution waste, because it is obvious that they all try very strongly to bring the life of this dead turkey from a film.
Edward Furlong did much better than that, just like Natasha Lyonne, just like Lin Shaye, but hey, they have to make a living in Hollywood.
People who want to see Kiss, and many of that will probably be disappointed, since the group appears for about five minutes and plays a song.
Too bad, they could have provided energy to this mess.
The director Adam Rifkin knows that he does not have a lot of equipment with which to work, so he takes a chapter of the book of the realization of Michael Bay and keeps his camera.
We get an endless parade of fast cuts, split screens, zoom-out, zoom and rotating cameras, all in an effort to cover the sh EER stupidity of the script.
It's fun for a while, but ultimately it becomes disorienting.
I would recommend to those who felt in seasickness in "The Blair Witch Project" remain far from "Detroit Rock City" because the witch has nothing on this baby.
I did not feel such a desire to reach out and hold the camera always since "Armageddon".
And what about this script?
It is written by Carl J. Dupr?, Which looks like a name like a name that I have ever heard.
If this is the case, I cannot say that I blame the writer from having moved as much as possible from this script.
An unnecessary and useless rock rock film can be fun, if jokes and gags are actually funny.
The jokes of "Detroit Rock City" are rarely.
In fact, the only time I really laughed is when a priest is stoned on a marijuana pizza, and it was just because it was so surreal.
The rest of the film just seems to have launched a lot of vulgar stuff on the screen and called it "comedy".
There is no configuration, just a succession of punchlines which does not provide much of laughter, precisely because there was no configuration.
It is as if they had just struck someone on their heads, pointed him and said, "Do you see?
funny !"
Listen, this woman was so shocked when hearing a noisy kiss music that she overturned her drink.
see ?
funny !
Listen, this guy has just been recorded by a telephone receiver.
twice .
see ?
funny !
Listen, this child vomits for 20 minutes after drinking an exhausted amount of alcohol and is now about to perform an exotic dance for money.
see ?
funny !
Advice to Mr.Dupr?: No, these things are not funny on their own.
They must be preceded by an intelligent configuration so that the public did not predict them five minutes in advance.
That's it, I said enough about this film.
It is a waste of time and money.
I liked the music, but don't bother buying the soundtrack.
I hear that it is just modern groups that make lower versions of songs that are in fact in the film.
Do you want to see this concept executed?
Go rent the classic of Roger Corman in 1979 "Rock N 'Roll High School".
He presents another rock group from the late 1970s (The Ramones) and a much more interesting story about a girl trying to get tickets for their show.
Yes, go rent this, and jump "Detroit Rock City", which will probably bomb, and rightly.