What would you do if no one could see you?
Well, if you are a super intelligent bio-molecular researcher working for the military, you would take a colleague and brutal of your neighbor on the other side of the street.
that's right .
Of all the non -criminal possibilities caused by making himself invisible, in the character of Kevin Bacon of "the hollow man" choose to commit sexual crimes.
Uh, is Kevin Bacon who plays the super intelligent military bio-molecular researcher?
Something already seems horribly bad.
But this is a film by Paul Verhoeven, and the director of Sleazepine of open classics such as "Basic Instinct" and the sadly famous "Showgirls" never lets a little credibility hindering its voyeuristic trends which, when you arrive until thisThat you came to this all this film.
 "Hollow Man" presents a series of unhappy actors and C-List (including Bacon, Elisabeth Shue, Josh Brolin and Kim Dickens) in a Grade-Z plot with a lot of special effects which, frankly, do not look at muchthat those used in the 1933 version of "The Invisible Man".
Oh Bacon shines when he gets well and looks like a rather fatty side of cheap side steak when he tries to reintegrate, but if not, these are a lot of "thermal" plans and inanimate objects (Elisabeth Shue included)swinging without any sign of visible support.
Since invisibility, once achieved, is not really an effect (the actors spend half of their time converse with anyone and the other half of their time talking to each other - this is equivalent to a large part), the director chooses to make the Robetout Guard his female protagonists in vaguely loose sweaters so that the character of Bacon becomes invisible, he can head directly to them.
It is as if this fascinating concept-what would you do if no one could see you?-Is
Simply a verhoeven stratagem to show skin.
As a horror film, "Hollow Man" is not sophisticated and disturbing (in its intention, not its achievements) and is not worth your time or your hard dollars.
It's a minor Verhoeven - and even it doesn't say much - and the boy is hollow.