The comedy of the school seems to be a warm genre of the moment.
With her is all this and Varsity Blues behind us, and several others began to go out later in the year, the teenage comedy seems to live its own rebirth.
However, you would not know about the quality of the last entry: Jawbreaker.
This incredibly bitter candy definitely has a sour center.
The most popular and dreaded clique at the Reagan High School has an unexpected dilemma.
They accidentally killed one of their own, the "Teen Dream", Liz Purr (Charlotte Roldan), choked on a giant breakfast during an abduction farce for his 17th anniversary.
Now the three surviving girls must decide what to do.
It takes a short time for the group leader, Courtney (Rose McGowan), to decide to cover it.
The Ditzy Marcie (Julie Benz) is the game to follow, but the last member of the clique, Julie (Rebecca Gayheart), has a guilty conscience.
To worsen things, another student, the desperately geek (Judy Evans Greer) fern accidentally discovers the truth.
Girls' coverage is surely blown ...
Not so fast.
By thinking quickly, Courtney offers Fern a unique chance.
After a quick youthful treatment, Fern is transformed into a vylette, the beautiful "new girl" at school and a full -fledged member of the popular crowd.
Does this mean that popularity is the key to getting started with murder?
Or will this finely sharpened plan fall in love over time?
Jawbreaker obviously tries to be the peak of his generation, and failing miserably, I could add.
He manages to capture the mixture of murders and social observations for adolescents, but lacks three crucial elements: a net dialogue, full -minded characters and essential humor.
It is possible that Jawbreaker has managed to be (dark) humorous if he was not chained to his died weight plot.
The most innovative turn in the film is the Jerk of Fern Mayo.
At this point, Jawbreaker seems ready to run wildly in unexplored depths.
But then, all of a sudden, innovation stops.
The film becomes mired in the murder and covering plot, which quickly undermines the little life and energy that was immediately there.
In the film, Rose McGowan is doing the best.
As the chief of the manipulative clique, she really dominates each scene in which she is (not a difficult feat in a crowd like this, however).
He is a character who shouts for a better film (or at least another decently drawn character with whom interacting.)
Jawbreaker is not sure how to manage his semi-free characters: Fern and Julie.
One or the other could effectively finish the film at any time by simply revealing what she knows.
The lengths to which the film will prolong the intrigue has the involuntary effect of keeping us away from these characters.
While their motivations become trouble and unclear, the film finally falls to the point that no matter who wins or loses, because all the parts have become just as detestable.
 "Destable" is a good word to describe the film, Jawbreaker.
It is certain that, like the weapon of murder described in the title of the film, Jawbreaker will trigger more than one gag reflex in the public.