Darren (Jason Biggs), Wayne (Steve Zahn) and J.D. (Jack Black) have been the best friends since the fifth year.
Like the three musketeers, they were together through thick and thin.
But, when Darren meets an attractive psychiatrist, but in cold blood, psychiatrist, Judith (Amanda Peet), longtime friendship is placed in danger.
It is in Wayne and J.D. To save their best friend in "Saving Silverman".
 "Silverman" has the heart in the right place, but the story, by new arrivals Hank Nelken and Greg Depaul, is too light to maintain the history of the Battle for Darren's soul.
Based on their experience as a friend making a major marital error, history is centered on the three amigos for life.
When Wayne presents Darren to Judith, he does not realize that he opened a box of Pandora's disaster for himself and J.D. Judith was once in a relationship where his boyfriend was the dominant figure until hisdied in a boxing match.
Since then, she has sought a new companion - someone she can head and mold in her own vision.
Enter Darren Silverman.
Once they have made the scale of their error in the judgment, Wayne and J.D. Take everything they can, including threats and corruption, to bring Judith to liberate Darren.
Nothing works until the duo develops a plan - kidnap Judith and recovers Darren with the daughter he called his and only, pretty Sandy Perkus (Amanda Detmer).
The only problem here is that Sandy is about to make her wishes to become a religious.
Things are uncontrollable as Judith tries several times to escape while Wayne and J.D. Jouez à Cupid.
The boys even bring their idol, Neil Diamond, in the image to help resolve things.
By thinking about it, it is a real meli-melo of the implementation and coincidence which is only maintained by the comic efforts of Steve Zahn and Jack Black.
The pair is capable of provoking the laughter of the film with their clumsy antics and their childish behaviors.
They are relegated to the humor supply of Slapstick guys and the two are more than equal to the task.
Steve Zahn has not perfected his comic actor skills and gives Wayne a certain complexity, the "brains" of the gang.
Jack Black has the large -scale movements of a Chris Farley, giving J.D. A fun physical presence.
What is interesting is that the two actors are capable of fresh laughing of expired equipment.
The rest of the distribution is not going well.
Jason Biggs is the hetero man of the musketeers and becomes very little to do; although having watched his previous films ("American Pie" and "Loser"), I do not know what Biggs of attraction really.
Amanda Peet is caustic like the manipulator Judith.
There is not at all humanity to her character at all because she strives to recreate Darren in the image of her mind.
It is a monster that Wayne and J. Doit defeat to save their friend.
Unfortunately, there is no dimension to its character.
Amanda Detmer does nothing (or gets nothing) as Darren is the one and only.
R.Lee Ermey, as a psychotic coach, made a bad decision to make this role.
Tune-Meister Neil Diamond gives a cameo of good humor like the idol and the savior of the boys.
The production values are equal to the rest of the film - dull and non -involution.
Director Dennis Dugan has a history for a large comedy with films like "Big Daddy" and "Beverly Hills Ninja", but falls flat with "Saving Silverman".
The 2001 cinema year has not yet provided a "good" film in which we sink our teeth.
At least, with "Saving Silverman", we get some funny perfs from Zahn and Black.
Too bad the rest of the film is not their level of humor.
Boxing deaths and conflict nuns are not the programs of a good comedy.
I give him a c-.