We could expect a cathartic viewing experience in a new film Jean-Luc Godard.
After all, he was a founding member of the new very influential French wave.
He is also an estimated film critic, intelligence and historical perspective in a large part of his writing.
However, his latest creation, in the praise of love, is perhaps the most exasperating cinematic experience of the year.
The abstract concept on which the film is based had merit, to dissect love in the following four categories: meeting, physical passion, quarrels and reconciliation.
These four universal truths would be revealed through three different couples: young, adult and old.
This is the self -proclaimed task of Edgar (Bruno Putzulu) to capture these moments after a recent breakup, to define a central idea: "It is only when things are finished that they have meaning."
Whether this project ends with a play, a film or an opera remains undecided.
The thesis is quite simple that, if it is well played, it could really maintain a sympathetic value for anyone.
Instead, what follows is an hour and a half of repetitive vignettes, the following scene no more engaging than the previous one.
Only once, any character pronounces something valid, but when it happens, you are bored so that you can easily miss it.
But don't worry, he'll come back again.
You could easily sleep through whole sections of the film (like some other criticisms) and wake up in a scene exactly like the one in which you hosted your head, without having missed anything by worth it.
But you have hope for a while.
The background music keeps you in a state of emergency, and even the suspense, for the first conversations.
It is only after repeated failures to reimburse all this that you lose all hope.
And with speeches like: "I think of something, but I can only think of this something when I think of something else", how can you expect to arouse the interest of someone?
At the credit of Godard, he certainly knows how to supervise a scene.
The black and white images used for the first half of the film are very beautiful.
Watch Edgar Read while walking along a railroad on a mountain makes you want you to have something to think with him.
And if this film had something poignant to say, you did it, which makes you all angry with the many missed occasions.
The environments, whether the city or the country, are impeccably captured in net details, but the script never completes them.
Unfortunately, Godard also manages to plunder his photographic eye by cutting randomly in black several times in a given scene.
Sometimes these breaks are used for chapter titles, but they are even more cryptic than the words pronounced.
The second half is made up of a nauseous hyper-color which often blurs the image.
You suddenly feel like a character condemned directly from scanners.
The only scene that has a meaning is one that complains about the history of the United States in the making of films.
Steven Spielberg is in particular.
Although I agree that it happens, and I tend to avoid looking at such garbage, it is always an unnecessary objective for a film that claims to articulate the specific qualities of the couple.
It just shows, an intelligent person is not necessarily an admirable storyteller.
The shortness of breath are no longer.