The slogan on random hearts read as follows "in a perfect world, they would never have met."
In a perfect world, I would never have seen this film.
The biggest defect is that 20 minutes in this film, Kay Chandler (Kristin Scott Thomas) and Van Den Broeck (Harrison Ford) are the only two main characters; resulting in little doubt that they will end up at a given timeLavor production of two hours and more.
Dutch is a sergeant in the internal affairs of the Columbia District Police Service.
Kay is a member of the New Hampshire.
Although they both think they are married, their spouses are wrong behind their back.
The Dutch and Kay are soon widowed when a plane drops by transporting their partners; they later discover the case.
The rest of the film is the unnecessary, unrealistic and often boring story of their research on sexual relations to which they were blind and know each other in the process.
Two subpcelles are not very useful for the already problematic film.
Dutch tries to stop another officer, a task that seems rather ordinary for Hollywood prices.
All the big stereotypes are drawn, including my personal favorite of the key witness who makes the deposit and is assassinated shortly after.
Kay's distraction against the main objective of the film is her re -election campaign and tries to protect her 15 -year -old daughter from the truth about the father she put on a pedestal.
These subpcelles could have made semi-interesting points, but the film seems afraid to explore the policy or mother-daughter relationships in depth, and therefore suffers.
The two main characters of Random Hearts seem to live in shells.
Although Kay and Dutch receive their own sub-portions, they seem to never deal with anyone other than themselves or from each other.
There are many opportunities, the Dutchman with a partner and Kay having close friends and his daughter, but the film avoids exploring these relationships.
The veteran actor and director of this film Sydney Pollack, and Dylan Baker, of an appointment acclaimed by criticism, both have Camée roles, but be sure not to blink too much or you will miss them both.
Besides your weak intrigue, it is difficult to criticize random hearts.
However, it is also difficult to complete it.
If the film had taken small risks and had explored its additional characters and plots more fully, it can have a more taste like a well frosted cake, rather than the dry one that is equivalent to being.