Classified: R for strong violence, language, drug use, nudity and a certain sexuality.
Featuring: Wesley Snipes, Anne Archer, Michael Chaykin, Donald Sutherland, Marie Matiko.
Operating time: 117 minutes
Directed by: Christian Duguay
I never understood the career of Wesley Snipes.
He has his ups and downs, but especially the stockings.
His best film was one of the best in 1998 and this film was entitled "Blade".
He had his typical action films, "Billing Point", "Passenger 57", but his new film "The Art of War" should just be called "Rising Sun 2: The Art of War" Cause, that's aSemi-rapid even plot, with a different distribution, and forced to be a ridiculously incredible thriller, which is high on the style and weak on the substance.
Wesley Snipes plays a James Bondish type secret agent working for U.N. Once a Chinese ambassador has been killed, he is on the killer's track, trying to find out who it is, how it happened, where thekiller was and what to do.
Anne Archer plays her "boss" type person from the U.N. and she hired snipes to find the killer.
Well, Snipes is wrongly as a killer, and is now an outlaw, kidnapping a Chinese woman with him and helping her along the way.
All this leads to a final so stupid, and so stupid that it is incredibly stupid, and the waterfalls, the dialogue and the game all ruin this film.
Wesley Snipes is not one of my favorite actors due to the fact that the character he plays in each film is the same character he plays in the film before.
The only good role Snipes really had "Blade" in 1998 in 1998.
I entered "The Art of War" while waiting for a good thriller in high octane, and all I had was a bunch of porridge.
The only real thing `` good '' of the film is the action, and a lot, but I noticed that it was badly filmed, the camera is so trembling that you cannot even say what is happening.
The end final is so worthless and pitiful, that it even tries to make fun of "the matrix", ridiculously funny, it is undeniably stupid.
The management of Christian Duguay is not great either.
Its camera angles and its sense of style are all in place, but unfortunately, its lighting and its assembly are all badly finished.
Even the whole end of the "matrix" was not even good.
The waterfalls and the action are poorly filmed and poorly choreographed.
His placement of the characters and the assurance of the Chinese ambassador, and the conspiracy of the film are so predictable and laughable, that it only makes the pleasure of the film.
Anne Archer who is generally good in her roles, is transformed in horrible work here.
She is sour, down and terribly dull with her forced dialogue and stupid movements.
Even Donald Sutherland as a co-star cannot save this film from being a bust.
So, for a global opinion: "The art of war" is a total loss of time.
It is not entertaining, neither exciting, nor even packaged.
It is a useless film and has absolutely no sense.
If you really want to see a good version of "The Art of War", rent the vehicle Wesley Snipes and Sean Connery of the same kind "Rising Sun", it's not a big film either, but at least it'sBetter thance.