When obsessive objects arrived in theaters, everything I stopped hearing about the exaggerated special effects and the fact that very often the invisible bumps in the night in a horror film are much more frightening than thosethat you can put a face with the kind authorization of the special effects.
Although I agree that this remake of the haunting goes a little too far in the department of visual effects, I do not think they are completely to blame for the failure of this film.
It seems that some people did not take into account that the original obsessed "invisible" terrors, and it was as scary as a dust rabbit.
So, special effects or not, if the story is not all frightening, you will not end up with a very scary film.
What interested me the most in this film is the guardian of this building played by Bruce Dern.
Here is always great, and even if he may have only about 3 minutes of screen time, he was always the most interesting element of the film.
While I sat down through the apparently endless special effects, although quite impressive, I wanted this film to be on the last goalkeeper and not the one -dimensional characters who populated the casting.
Never a good sign when a little player is the best part of the film.
Liam Neeson plays a scientist who conducts experiences on fear.
He decides that the best way to get results is to deceive a group of individuals who are quite unstable to spend a few days in a haunted mansion.
He encourages them to participate by leaving in place that he is carrying out an experience on insomnia.
And he also does not mention that the manor has the reputation of strange activities.
Catherine Zeta-Jones, Lili Taylor and Owen Wilson play her subjects.
Like the original, the character of Taylor is the star of the film.
But as she does not have the capital power of Liam Neeson and Ms.zeta-Jones, their pieces seemed to be a bigger one than in the original.
And let's face it, probably half of the people who see this film will do it because of Zeta-Jones.
I admit that I would never have seen this thing if it was not there.
But the real stars here are the special effects combined with the fairly exaggerated sets.
They take up the film because the supernatural elements of the room are starting to interact with our unfortunate patients with insomnia.
There is really not a lot of history here.
Just endless configurations so that director Jan de Bont can present all the clever special effects with which he was able to play.
And the special effects are excellent.
In many cases, they are as good as you are likely to see anywhere.
In other cases, they are exaggerated and obviously thrown just in order to hit the quota of "cool shots".
At no time in the film, none of these things get closer to the scary - funny, perhaps.
But not scary.
Then we have the whole.
When I saw the house for the first time, I was very impressed by the very cool Gothic look on this subject.
But it took only a short visit of the characters around the place to see that the set designers obviously had as much money to burn as the visual effects that people made, and decided to take theSilly itinerary.
This included a corridor flooded with books in the form of springboards and a circular mirror room that is running.
What part have these rooms played in history?
Absolutely none.
They were just there to get away from the fact that there was neither a story of descent nor a single fear throughout the film.
Then we have the actors.
Lili Taylor was never one of my favorites.
And when the fact that her character is MOUSY and Pathetic is taken into account, she arrives around the average or slightly below the brand.
I don't know why Liam Neeson played this role.
He essentially reminded me of the ringmaster in an uncontrollable circus.
His character was in charge of this farce, but he quickly moved from him.
I have no doubt that Liam will want to lock all the impressions of this film in a very secure trunk with all the copies from Darkman.
Zeta-Jones was thrown because she is too hot for words.
The fact that his character is bi-sexual is only icing on the cake.
Everything Catherine has to do in this film is good.
Fortunately, it is something that she does very well.
Although she has a enough good size, it is obvious that her only goal in the film was like a chandat of the eyes.
It is a shame that someone of his talents wasted them here.
Any random model withdrawn from a fashion show could easily have fulfilled its role.
The obsessive is the antithesis of another horror films of 1999, The Blair Witch Project.
Hailed had an apparently unlimited budget of effects, while Blair Witch relies on lots of rocks for his fears.
Both prove very well that the special effects are not relevant for a horror film.
If the story is zero, everything is down from there.
my advice ?
If you are looking for special effects, go rent Star Wars.
If it is the fear you want, rent Halloween.
Anyway, it is probably in your interest to skip the haunt.