Land: A rich guy who does not believe in love, orders a mail ordering wife for himself.
That evening, the couple is married and falls madly in love shortly after.
But what is it?
One of them may not be the person they claim to be?
Wow ... a
sin, indeed.
Critality: easily one of the worst films that I saw all year round.
Too long, too boring, too predictable and too ridiculous for anyone who wishes to watch a good film.
What do I think they thought about when they did this thing?
 (It is not surprising that the film has been sitting on the racks for about a year) It looked like a very bad television film of the week, with a nudity stuffed from time to time, just to wake up the public.
Have you ever changed the channel and fell on one of these ridiculously melodramatic TV movies, one of the films that you just couldn't help but come back from time to time, just to make sure it was not part ofA sick joke?
Well, this film is exactly like that, only it's not a joke, it's not on television and you are asked to pay money to see it !!
I repeat ... what were they thinking about shit?
Okay, so where to start?
First, the trailer for this film gives the main touch of the film, the betrayal.
So, for the first half hour of the film, you are mainly seated there, watching these two "lovers" go through the movements until the "betrayal" occurs.
Whoope, great surprise.
Second, Angelina Jolie is horribly wrong in this part.
Why ?
Well, that's how it is: not for a second, you never think that she is not a nasty woman of beads!
I mean, it's like all these people who complained that Jack Nicholson is psycho from the start of The Shining, well, the same is true.
Each gaze in pretty eyes shouts "psycho"!
Then, of course, you have the case of the husband "Patsy", a man who simply does not seem to understand anything in time.
I mean ... how
Is Boring for the public?
You look at this guy over time, and in one way or another, we are supposed to feel sorry or worry about this guy.
no thanks !
And if we do not care about him, and we really don't care about her (she is a beeyatch and as confused as we are on her real motivations in the film), who devil are we supposed to worry about thismovie?
Well, I'll tell you.
The only thing I worried about this image was whether I fell asleep or not before the end credits run.
No suspense, no chemistry between tracks, no love or real passion, no feeling of surprise, a lot of intrigue holes for everyone and an additional core end.
So why do I even give this film a note of three points?
Well, it's actually quite simple.
I liked the locations in the film and the Groovy partition, but my main reason to slide three notches on this bed pole is the free photos of the madmen (it's two points!) And another for the ass d'Antonio (without hair, just for recording).
All the rest of this film was useless, boring and simply stupid.
Try to imagine a soft porn movie ... but
Without the intrigue!
That's about what you have here.
A low point in the career of the two stars.
Oops, I almost forgot to mention the crap dialogue ... God
Oh powerful ...
it stops !!
Where does Joblo come from?
American Psycho (9/10) - Cruel intentions (8/10) - Eyes Wide Shut (6/10) - Fatal attraction (8/10) - Playing by Heart (7/10) - Under Suspion (7/10) -What is below (8/10) - What women want (4/10) - whipped (7/10)