Wild things are a way to vaporize a day drearly at the beginning of spring? As long as, of course, that you are the victim of a frontal lobotomy.
There is in fact no doubt about who is addressed to this film: moviegoers at the end of their adolescence and at the beginning of the twenty - the most lucrative target group.
This is the film Noir for the MTV generation: to the fast, smooth, flashy, joyfully insane and hollow in the heart.
Wild Things is easily one of the five most stupid films to arrive in theaters in the first eleven weeks of 1998.
I saw a more convincing drama (with almost as much naked flesh) on this pinnacle of narrative quality, Baywatch.
Wild Things wants to dive viewers thinking that it is a thriller with a real story.
What is, however, is a series of more and more improbable and shocking conspiracy twists and turns.
Everything between these serpentine moments is a filling - a flash of a breast, a burst of blood and some of the most stupid dialogues on this side of a film Steven Seagal.
The film tries so much to surprise its audience that the twists and turns end up being easy to guess - just punch the most improbable thing, and that will probably be everything.
Using this approach, I was right three times and bad once.
It is not a good average for a production that wants to keep viewers in ignorance about what is happening in the next corner.
The advertising campaign uses two things to sell this film: The Hot, Young Cast and the Old Saut, Sex.
The two have an abundance of screen time, even if I admit that the erotic content of the film is a little less impressive than what I expected.
Nothing on wild things is exceptionally risky?.
Sex sequences with a soft nucleus are generic and do not generate much warmth.
Lesbian kisses cannot hold a candle for those of Bound.
Theresa Russell and Denise Richards have only topless appearances in tokens (Neve Campbell, having a "No Nudish" clause dressed in iron in her contract, maintains her clothes more or less).
The greatest curiosity of the film is a complete frontal plan of Kevin Bacon out of the shower.
Perhaps a few girls will jump when seeing a Leonardo DiCaprio entirely in vault for the thirteenth time of Titanic to have an overview of what Kyra Sedgwick (Mme.
Kevin Bacon) is familiar with.
The director of wild things is John Mcnaughton, whose last effort was the finely adjusted psychological thriller, normal Life.
This film included abundant sex, a pair of real characters and a powerful script.
It is difficult to believe that something so superficial could come from the same filmmaker.
But I guess we all have to put food on the table.
Mcnaughton seems to have completely lost its way here, in what is obviously a stab in the consumer success (its previous photo at Large Liberation, Mad Dog and Glory, was a disappointment at the box office).
Rapid cuts and pretty sunrises cannot even start to cover the faults of this film.
The main character (and I use this term slightly, because no one in wild things only shows a flash of occasional personality) is Sam Lombardo (Matt Dillon), an orientation advisor at Blue Bay High SchoolFlorida.
A student, the deliciously curved Kelly Van Ryan (Denise Richards), has the crush for him.
One afternoon, she comes to his house to wash her car and, when she leaves, her clothes are torn.
After admitting to her mother (Theresa Russell) that she was raped, she went to the police station, where she tells her story to the detectives Ray Duquette (Kevin Bacon) and Gloria Perez (Daphne Rubin-Vega).
They are skeptical about affirmations from here until another girl, Suzie Toller (Neve Campbell), presents herself with a similar story.
Meanwhile, Sam, convinced that he is installed, goes to a Shyster lawyer (Bill Murray) to get help.
The game in wild things is not very good, but none of the directors has much to work.
It is certainly not a film based on the characters.
Not only d The ridiculous scenario ignores the possibility that someone in the public can have a triple figure I.Q., but it does not bother to give one of the individuals on the screen, even a suspicion of depth.
The men and women who populate the photo are there to be beautiful, but nothing more.
Matt Dillon has many opportunities to bend his biceps.
Neve Campbell manages to model the slutty look.
Denise Richards hits a reception installation in a transparent and monobloc swimsuit.
And nothing in the film is Kevin Bacon.
The only one to be still interesting at a distance is Bill Murray, and he seems to think that he is in comedy, not a thriller (maybe he has the good idea).
Columbia Pictures specifically asked that criticisms do not reveal the end of the film, which invites the question: what end do they want secret?
Wild Things has no less than three (one occurs during the end credits, so sit down), which are all breathtaking absurd - a feat that Joe Eszterhas (the author of the basic instinct andshowgirls) would be impressed by.
Thanks to Jeffrey Kimball's political and kinetic cinetic cinetic cinetic, wild things always look great and George S.The clinton score keeps him pulling and throbing.
But, no matter how brilliant the superficial brilliant is, it is always garbage, and, like all garbage, it stinks.