The life of the elderly in the twilight of their years is trying to adapt to their shared stories and their possible future is a fascinating subject.
Finding a star cast for such a film is a stroke of genius.
Combining all of this with an Oscars winner three times (Robert Benton of "Kramer vs.
Kramer ") and creating a resolutely mediocre film is disappointment.
In yet another black mystery taking place in Hollywood - how many of them have we seen in recent years?
- The atmosphere is in a bad mood, the actors pleasant to look at and the story is not going.
Friday, Harry Ross (Paul Newman) is a man turned to the eye who has become a private who has become a washed cop who has become a cop while trying to understand how to live what is left of his life.
He blew things up ("I had a woman and a girl.
Now I am drunk) and is at the crossroads.
A few years ago, he went to Mexico to bring back Mel (Reese Witherspoon), the girl under-wow of Jack (Gene Hackman) and Catherine (Susan Sarandon) Ames and now lives with them.
The souls are old cinema stars, after their peak and the three have become rapid friends.
One has the impression that Ross is dragging just while waiting for something to wake him up.
To fill his time, he makes odd jobs for Jack and falls in love with Catherine.
Jack is even worse than Harry.
He dies of cancer with only a year to live.
Things become more exciting when Jack asks Harry to drop a sealing envelope sealed for him.
Instead of the routine race that Ross is waiting for, he enters a barrier of bullets from the pistol of another ex-cop which is, itself, full of bloody holes.
This disturbing event gives the former detective a project to get started and launches an investigation that revolves around the mysterious disappearance of the first husband of Catherine 20 years ago.
Thanks to a series of very complex and convoluted conspiracy devices that involve murder; blackmail; rifles; the travel partner of Mexico de Mel and his parole agent; the former Ross copants of cop, ex-lovers and potential acolyte, the story finally ends exactly where everyone expects what it needed.
It is a tradition of the film Noir that the story twists and refuses the secondary roads for an unexpected finish, but here the trip winds towards an end which does not care.
The only surprises are exactly whose face corresponds to what role in the scenario.
As they show you, it doesn't matter.
The scenario is clumsy and the clumsy illustrated in Ross' relationship with Rubin (Giancarlo Esposito), a partner budding.
These scenes are obviously designed to be comical relief, but they are not.
Rubin and Ross have a past relationship, but either it is not explained or I didn't care at this stage.
A current joke on the place where Harry was killed while in Mexico is probably supposed to reflect his questions to find out if he is still able to play.
It is not funny either, does not connect and continues to appear long after he took his course.
On the positive side, it is often pleasant to look at the experienced actors on the screen.
The three leaders all have well -deserved prices of Oscars and transform accomplished, if not extraordinary jobs.
Newman is a big actor, but does not seem perfectly suited to the style of dark film.
It is a little too clean and underestimated to appear as desperate and low and outside.
Hackman, also discreet, is credible but lacks radiance.
Sarandon appears well as a more sensible girl, although she is unidimensional.
The actors do what they can with the lame dialogue, but they cannot withdraw the film from the hole he has dug.
James Garner who embodies the former ex-girlfriend of Ross, Raymond Hope, is always a treat, but even he fights without enthusiasm through lines like "I am happy that they did not shoot your Pecker."
The best part of the film is the look of old friends, how their relationships change over the years and difficult choices they have to make.
The truly easy and relaxed interactions between the actors suggest that being on the set was much more interesting than what was found on the screen
The film does not work very long before the public realizes that it is hopeless.
The only reason to watch is the actors.
This reminds me of disaster films such as "Tower Inferno" where the power of the star is supposed to make everyone ignore the problems of the film.
In a better world, there would have been second -order actors in this second -rate film and those here would have been saved for something better.
Of course, we do not live in this better world, but you could make yours a little more pleasant by choosing another film.