UGH.Cela sums this film.
Just, UGH.
Godzilla's original films are a bit of a classic cult, and during the revision of previous films, each film had a certain degree of intelligence.
And this is the reason why they found such an enviable cult; despite the bad special effects, the horrible dubbing and a man in lizard costume, they maintained a certain degree of ... how to put that? ...
dignity ?
Not quite the word I'm looking for.
You understand, right?
And in 50 years, Godzilla maintained this degree of "it doesn't matter".
Leave America to screw everything.
> "Geniuses" who brought us the "independent day", undoubtedly the worst science fiction film of all time, to ruin the reputation that Godzilla had.
Although they bring us breathtaking special effects that will surprise you, they lost what was at the center of all the original films of Godzilla - a scenario.
Summarizing the film is simple.
Heck, I can do it in a sentence: the giant lizard attacks a giant city and a bunch of nobodies stop it.
As simple as that.
Matthew Broderick trips on his lines, and it is difficult to imagine Hank Azaria in any role in addition to his classic character of dog scanning in the television show "Mad About You".
The dialogue seems to be improved, almost as if there was no repetition at all.
I can see the scene on the set right now.
 " All right !
We spent all this money by making great special effects, and we have to bring this film out in summer where it will bomb on our faces.
So, you, actors, simply say what comes at the top of your head, okay?
Do something, M'kay?
GOOD .
Rolled movie !! "
The special effects are sufficient to interest you in a single vision, and part of the cinemtography is well done (the scene with the black umbrellas comes to my mind).
However, an hour, you will become angry, you wonder how long they can drag it.
And slip it, they do it !!
I have to laugh.
The slogan of the film is: "The size is important".
I think they cut it too short.
He must read: "The size is important.
The game does not do it. "