Michael Robbins' hardball is completely cinematographic realization.
In about two hours, we spend an examination of the life of the ghetto, funeral with a sincere praise, speeches on never abandon, a cache cute children (including a big asthma), a hard player who finds the salutuniaGood woman and a culminating "big game", where outsiders turn out to have a larger bite than anyone imagined.
All that is necessary is that a guy is hit in nuts and a food fight to have the first film only based on Cinematic Clich? S.
I can't wait to see the scenes deleted when it comes out on DVD.
Obviously, Hardball is the withdrawal of a film that never obtains the bat near the ball.
He features Keanu Reeves as the aforementioned player, who seems to have to have each bookmaker in Chicago a sum of money that competes with the raw national product of Guam.
Out of solutions, he begs his successful business friend (welcome Mike McGlone) to lend him $ 5,000.
Instead, McGlone offers Reeves the chance to help them train a baseball team for young people from projects for a good weekly allowance.
Reeves, who wants to keep his fingers, accepts the offer, but discovers that McGlone is only too happy to let him manage the team completely.
The protagonist of the sleepy voice must teach children in the non-base city center the baseball bases in a life of absent parents and ruthless gangs.
And maybe just, they will play in the big championship match.
One of the glorious surprises of the scenario of John Gatins (Catch Summer), adapted from the non-fiction book by Daniel Coyle, is that there is none.
The film Côte a sincere moment at a sincere moment like a zombie.
It would not be so bad, if the characters had an ounce of subtlety or humanity.
Most of the time children is devoted to shouting on it, speaking in slang and acting surprised.
There are few things that are naturally fun about them, because they all seem to know that the cameras roll.
The worst of the lot is a difficult young player (Dewayne Warren) whose only goal, while the film takes place, is to be an emotional pawn, a tactic so despicable that I do not find the right words to express myself.
Adults do not do well either.
Reeves is impressive as the loser downwards.
The character is badly written, but Reeves gives another performance without charisma.
Whenever he speaks, he sounds as if he got up a long nap and wakes up gradually.
Are children supposed to join this type?
Diane Lane, who co-stars like the compulsory romantic interest of Reeves, remains an elementary screen presence (see my dog jump for better proof).
It's a shame that his role here is to pronounce lines like: "These children trust you, and they don't trust anyone!"
Then there are D.
Sweeney as an evil rival coach and John Hawkes as a friend of Paris Scummy of Reeves and other non -original characters that you have already seen before and hope never to see again.
I wanted Hardball to be good.
Varsity Blues of Robbins was a funny and alternately tense story of Texas High School football that had smothered Ali Larter in whipped cream and Jon Voight sneer to everything that was moving.
I have not seen GOOFY DE ROBBINS ready to scold in its entirety, but I am intrigued that "Macho Man" Randy Savage and Martin Landau can exist in the same film without there being serious repercussions in the world.
Robbins must obviously return to his strong point - make sports films for guys and non -cute and hugs like Hardball, who also manages to bother and insult the public.
Hoping that this happens in the immediate future.