When you respect a director, you must also respect the fact that they are not perfect.
Woody Allen made some good movies less than good, and he is my favorite.
Even Martin Scorsese did not have a perfect balance sheet.
Kevin Smith, after a shattering start with the classic "clerks", leaned as low to sell and make the terrible "mallrats".
I mean, so far, the only director who has made several films, none of which has been bad is Richard Linklater ("Slacker", "Dazed and Confused", "Before Sunrise" and "Suburbia" ...All
who were great).
Now I love Quentin Tarantino.
His first two films were classic films, the second being one of the greatest films of all time.
But 1995 was simply not so good for him for him.
He made too many appearances on television.
He badly said Jackie Chan's name on the MTV Movie Awards.
And he made this film.
 (He also received an Oscar, so I guess it would be a great exception).
Robert Rodriguez is also a great director; not shiny, but cool.
I have never seen a film Alexandre Rockwell or Allison Anders, so I can't comment them.
But in this shit overall filmmaker's film, all four offer pitiful efforts.
pitiful for any director too.
Now in all honesty, the parts of the overall director never really work.
I have never seen all the "New York stories", but I heard the first two films, from Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola are shit (I saw Woody's One, who was hilarious but not completelythe height). But I will assess each film individually, then report to the average score of the film.
Exhibition: a simple - a bell, Ted (the totally exaggerated Tim Roth, who is a god and everything, but not in this one, although he has some good moments) works on New Year's Eve for his first quarterwork (!!!) in an old fancy hotel.
He is the only one there (again: !!!) and he has only a few rooms (once again: !!!).
The old Bellhop (the apparently immortal Marc Lawrence - who actually hated Pulp Fiction) puts his course
Over the night, he is becoming more and more bored and hostile.
Yeah .
 (Short films are presented in order, BTW):
The writer / director of missing ingredients: Allison Anders with Sammi Davis, Amanda Decadenet, Valeria Golino, Madonna, Ione Skye, Lili Taylor, Alicia Witt
This one starts horribly without intrigue, without intrigue and shitty dialogue.
The situation is so terrible that it is physically painful to look at.
The intrigue has something to do with a witch clan needing sperm to bring a goddess who is (harshness!)
Stuck inside an object in their hotel room.
The witch who was supposed to bring him (Ione Skye) calls Ted and asks him if she can make him a fellatian to obtain it.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Stupid intrigue, stupid characters who are not at all interesting, etc., etc., etc. The only good thing about this is that it has a good distribution which, in turn, is pitiful.
Not even really funny for a second.
My note (out of 5): no stars !!!!
The bad writer / director: Alexandre Rockwell with: David Proval, Jennifer Beals and Laurence Bender
Another bad little movie with another stupid sex in class.
Ted stumbles in the bad piece or something and puts itself in the middle of a couple (David Proval and Jennifer Beals in his attempt to "come back") who play sex games.
Ted tries to escape and we therefore encourage it it will end soon.
But at least it contains a little comedy, but not so much.
And David Proval has never suraced so much.
And it is the producer of "Pulp Fiction", Laurence Bender, who manages to vomit a window.
A masterpiece compared to the first, but still ...
The writer / director of errors: Robert Rodriguez with Antonio Banderes, Tamlyn Tomita, Lana McKissack, Danny Verduzco, Salma Hayek
would be a Robert The film Rodriguez is the same without the navel of Salma Hayek?
No .
Fortunately, she is on dancing television so we can see her.
Surprisingly, when I read the script (about a year before seeing it), it seemed to have the most potential.
It was fast, funny and well, funny.
But when I looked at him, it seemed to be anti-climatic and seemed only to take momentum towards the end when everything went at the same time.
Antonio suragit well and the two children (Lana and Danny) are funny.
But, as I said, he moves slowly and in this way, it's more painful than funny.
But the end was stupid and funny at the same time.
Oh !
The intrigue: Antonio is a supposed gangster (supposed really) who leaves his two disturbing children at home while he and his wife (Tomita) get drunk at a New Year's party.
Antonio hires Ted for a few dollars to watch his children overnight, but things go wrong ... he
was fine.
The man of the writer / director of Hollywood: Quentin Tarantino with: Quentin Tarantino, Bruce Willis, Paul Calderon and Jennifer Beals (still))
Ironically, he could be considered the best for a bad reason: he best represents what Quentin did with this film.
He plays Chester, a spoiled kid's actor or something that has just had a huge blow to the box office on his hands and who lives it by playing an anti-climatic game of a TV episode of Hitchcock with Steve McQueen and PeterLorre where they play provide if one of them can highlight his ten times lighter in a row.
They are drunk and need sober but nervous Ted to hold the ax and drop it if the lighter does not light up.
They also pay him a lot of money.
This is so exactly what this little film is Campy.
Tim Roth probably paid a lot of money to make this stupid part of this stupid film directed by a bunch of people who are raised on themselves because they had success, major or minors.
Quentin had to be made.
But the fact is that it does not seem to realize it.
If he did it, I would give that 3 good stars.
But it has null.
It was anti-climatic and the dialogue was not very good.
He starts with a very long steadicam stroke then goes to the flashes.
that does not make any sense .
It's cool for a while, then it makes it uneven.
It's long and it's just not very good.
I hope Quentin never repeats what he did with him.
Conclusion: What is morality here?
If you have made famous films, do not make a set piece.
They should have looked at "New York Stories", then stop on their traces.
None of these elements has no point and they are embarrassing not only for writers / directors, but for actors because they work with shit.
But I will forgive all the people involved and I am particularly looking forward to seeing the next job of Quentin (even if he and Rodriguez jumped at the top with the cool "From Dusk Till Dawn", which I found exhibition).
I love Quentin and I guess it was good that he did "Hollywood man" because it makes him more realistic and not a "cinema god".
I seem to respect the directors if they are not "gods" and are in fact human beings who make mistakes.
 "The Hollywood man" is his big mistake and hope he does not return to it continuously.