A less ordinary life (r) while the extremely special life less ordinary is up to its title, a more appropriate nickname would be a more erroneous film, because this confused and confusing attempt at romantic comedy is a catastrophe of the most disarming of the talented teamTrainspotting of director Danny Boyle, producer Andrew Macdonald and screenwriter John Hodge.
At the heart of this strange film is a fairly basic forecast - and, yes, ordinary.
After Robert (Regular Boyle Ewan McGregor), an aspiring writer of trashy novels, is dismissed from his job as a concierge at Naville Corporation, he kidnaps the spoiled daughter of Naville (Ian Holm), Céline (Cameron Diaz) and holds it forRansom.
The joke here is that Céline is a voluntary victim - her father threatened to cut her financially, so she wants to take revenge - and that she will soon not only become an accomplice, but the brain behind the program, teacher to Robert inept one thingOudeux on the removal ...
And, finally (have we not seen this one coming?),
love .
So far, so mediocre.
But Mediocre is better than terrible, what this film is, largely thanks to the contextual framework of Hodge for romance.
It turns out that God is unhappy with the divorce and the rate of romantic rupture on earth, so that the chief of the sky police, Gabriel (Dan Hedaya) sends two angels, O'Reilly (Holly Hunter) and Jackson (DelroyLindo), on earth to the land toracclaquez Celine and Robert - or lose their status as an angel.
This vanity could have worked if the Angel dimension played an essential role in the whole image.
But it could easily have been cut without any clear loss of the film; as it stands, it is simply a waste of time that distracts the romance to accomplish.
Not that there is a lot of romance to start.
Try Diaz and McGregor May, Celine and Robert are too much to become very endearing characters.
Céline is a rich slut; Robert is a dull.
As such, it is quite difficult for the public to really connect with these two - so again, they never really seem to connect with each other.
When Céline and Robert start to act openly on their "feelings", it looks more like something scripted than everything that is natural.
But I don't know exactly if the point of Boyle and the company was romance; honestly, I don't know exactly what they were trying to accomplish.
Boyle to the visuals with its characteristic raidmatazz, but only that remains - energy, not energy at the service of a story or even to act.
The cast seems lost, in particular Hunter, whose performance is so drift that it is confusing.
And then there are the many eccentricities splashed on the film: violent confrontations involving the angels, which are not exactly angelic - in fact, they end up organizing their own ransom program; a mystical hokum in the peak; and aCute clay epilogue.
Looking at a large part of a less ordinary life is like being trapped in independent hipster hell, storing quirks in the name of cool.
Instead, the film just gives an eccentric bad reputation.
My best estimate of what the filmmakers wanted to accomplish is an atmosphere of Womantic Womantic (yes, badly spelled) Whimsy, who comes in a single scene: an extended musical number where Celine and Robert sing "Beyond the Sea" during a karaokebar.
After a verse or two, the couple is magically as a doll in elegant outfits and hairstyles, and engage in a dancing routine on the counter.
The scene works not only because of its relative simplicity, but also because it does not try too hard, simply based on the innate charm of the tracks, which allows them to build a romantic relationship.
Alas, it is not built enough, because this moment ends sudden.
I applaud any attempt to bring something fresh and unique to cinemas, but sometimes even intelligence can reach an exaggeration.
A less ordinary life certainly offers something "different", but when the film w As finished, I demanded a more ordinary life.
 “I can accept failure.
Everyone fails something.
But I cannot agree not to try.
It doesn't matter if you win as long as you give everything in your heart. "
--Michael Jordan