Forgive feverish criticism but the fervor of the infected crucible.
Located in 1692 in Salem, Massachusetts, the crucible opens with a group of teenage girls singing passionately and dancing around a bubbling cauldron in the middle of a forest under the glow of a full moon.
They invite the names of men as the targets of their love spells.
Then one of the girls drops her hair and throws her clothes.
In order not to be outdone in his quest to find the attention of John Proctor (Daniel Day Lewis), Abigail (Winona Ryder) suddenly grabs a chicken, beats him against the ground and takes his face and his lips with fresh blood.
Even taking into account adolescent hormones, this chicken bit is surely a little excessive, especially for primary purity sensitivities?
Certainly, with the Puritan eye, is it as close to a clan of witches as possible?
The crucible wanders from the start and the name of Arthur Miller should be summoned to blame here for the addition of the scene above to its adaptation to the screen of its game.
It is far from being a harmless event, a bad start for an already fragile history of morality.
The play describes the opening scene of the film during the tense exchanges which questions the veracity of the accusation and the answer, which adds to the atmosphere charged with the play.
In the film, the opening scene becomes an involuntary pandora box.
Not only is the credulity stretched, but the obsession of Abigail is unfortunately highlighted.
He positions the crucible more like an edifying fable on obsessive and malicious women than against the hunts of witches; he will bring back the memory of a boiling rabbit in a pot.
Unsurprisingly, the night frenzy of the forest does not go unnoticed and when two girls do not wake up the next morning, the witches are invoked by those who are eager to blame.
When the girls are questioned, their confession of guilt is accompanied by an announcement of their return to God and they are then converted into immaculate witnesses, led with lust by Abigail.
With alarming synchronicity, our daughters with gesting hormonal attribution and accuse fingers in innocent, constant reminders that Abigail's passion transforms all of this into inexorable movement.
Abigail takes this opportunity to get rid of his rival for the love of John Proctor, his wife Elizabeth (Joan Allen), including him among the accused of witchcraft.
Appropriately and equipped with a distracted white smile (look at his teeth deteriorate far too quickly in troubled yellow), Day Lewis plays the dashing moral hero with an excess of work that aspires to be looked at.
Director Nicholas Hytner is guilty of encouraging the fervor of Lewis's foaming mouth with gunshots where we look at a Proctor as if he was mounted on a pedestal for our admiration.
Otherwise, Hytner's management is commonplace.
Ryder's performance as an abigail is as coherent as his mood.
Its frenzy heads are quite energetic, but the quietest moments are less successful.
Abigail revels supposedly in his new power, but Ryder fails to be convincingly haughty, although there is a lot of increases to save here.
Paul Scofield is indeed as too zealous judge Danforth, but the incessant moral posturers of all the characters as well as the recurring histrionic of young girls prick the nerves.
Probably because she is the only refuge for restraint in the middle of all the blowers and swelling, Elizabeth d'Alnn is the most sympathetic character.
A scene towards the end with a private conversation between the imprisoned Elizabeth and John is undeniably powerful because for once, we have a suspended moral joke and the human consequences are revealed.
Unfortunately, when John’s public again increases to more than one more than one desire to punish the feedback and the human urgency of his situation is lost.
It is clear that Miller meant well but I want him to do it with more delicacy And fewer diversions.
His scenario is an imperfect creature with distractions that come out as noisy as the message.
The result is an awkward confusion - I felt like the chicken of the opening scene, the head constantly struck with piety too heavy to be completely credible.
When the gallows was signaled, it was really a sweet outing.
Far from being flight, the crucible tests patience.