Disconnect the telephone line.
Do not accept the costs.
Do everything you can to avoid the miserable and melodramatic of the dramatic of the fraternity `` hanging up ''.
I thought I had to get in touch with my feminine side, and "hang up" seemed to be an ideal opportunity to do so.
The film presents an incredible palace of female talents, and the capacity behind the camera spoke of sparkling jewels such as "Sleepless in Seattle" and "little known heroes".
Meg Ryan, Diane Keaton and Lisa Kudrow play a trio of sisters who, once separated by career judgments on family ties, must meet when their father (Walter Matthau) is admitted to the hospital with Alzheimer's disease.
Although this can be read as an optimal opportunity to rekindle their relationship and think with the past on the past, the script of Sisters Delia and Nora Ephron is exasperating and without a dreck form teeming with false emotional.
`` Hang up '' to the global effect of a disadvantage TV marsifier for two hours, when you cannot do so as the title suggests.
For the first half hour, Ephron sisters use telephone conversations for a basis for developing character.
It is a boring and ineffective device.
Cell phones ring every five minutes, and everyone rushed, leaving a marginal time so that the frustrated spectator relates to the problems and problems of the sisters.
If "hanging up" was an apple pie, then I felt like I had the simple crust of the story.
Certainly, there are a few authentic and sincere moments in the film.
But they only help to establish that the rest of the tense emotions is nothing other than a lower dramatic mud.
The most scandalous strategy of "hanging up" is that after a series of largely unrealized attempts to develop the character, we must show compassion and courtesy towards the sisters while they join a melodramatic final.
We are able to identify ourselves in Eve (Ryan), the most open and most attentive girl, because it was she who remained alongside her father when everyone has advanced to pursue an imminent career.
Georgia (Keaton), the eldest daughter, celebrates the fifth anniversary of her magazine called ....
"Georgia".
Maddy (Kudrow), the actress of the soap opera, spends time thinking about her possible path to celebrity or treating her dog.
Ryan's convincing performances and the kindness that entertains are two of the most pleasant aspects of "hanging up".
Kudrow, so deliciously eccentric that the Airhead Off-Kilter Phoebe in "friends", is completely wasted.
Ditto for Keaton, who serves a double quarter of co -star and director - a time slot that can be a difficult priority juggling.
His frenzy is apparent.
For a chick film, there is a painful lack of laughter.
The reliable Matthau is reduced to chaotic shtick who, given the situation of his character, seems more depressing than amusing.
Even thus, the maximum form of humor in "hanging up" is represented by some of Matthau's unpleasant pleasures and Ryan's eternal battle to have the aroused dog to swallow a pill.
This explains the three or four laughs that you will expel during the film.
My curiosity has suddenly been modified to discover how such a promising and starry approach could so viciously become sour.
But really, it's not a mystery.
The predictable and melodramatic dirt which is "suspended" is certainly not the fault of these actresses.
Pin it on the scenario, which tries to clarify the vital problems in three or four minutes, while passing the rest of the operating time in a boring wave of telephone conversations.
It is certainly far from what we would label as an enriching experience, but "hanging up" should at least be pleasant.
UH-UH.
It's a bad number from the start.