"I would appreciate you don't do that anymore."
With Jet Li, Bridget Fonda, Tch? Ky Karyo, Burt Kwouk.
Directed by Chris Nahon.
to classify.
It is no secret that the martial arts film often uses their intrigue to move from one action sequence to another.
When combat scenes are enough to justify payment of admission, there is no problem with this, as in most Jackie Chan projects and many Hong Kong shareholders.
When they are not, well, we are in poor condition.
Kiss of the Dragon, the second consecutive American failure of Jet Li, plays as a big calculation error and even fails as the most rudimentary entertainment.
Now, before I start to receive emails touting the genius of Jet Li with anger, let me explain to me.
Li is as spectacular as ever here, and I don't think anyone who dares to question his skills as a martial star.
The problem is not with him, it is with the tone of the film.
The combat scenes very tuned here are filmed with such an unwavering and relentless brutality that they are unpleasant to look at.
They are without joy, defumes; the Chinese detective li rogue is more a killing machine than a hero, a terminator with a black belt instead of a metal skeleton.
But even the terminator of Judgment Day had a sympathetic side.
The intrigue is not relevant, but if you are curious, it is a nonsense concerning an agent of the Chinese police (LI) sent to Paris to investigate a possible drug ring and meet a chiefCorrupted police (Tcheky Karyo), who kills the gensets does sinister things without any motivation.
Oh yes, and the character of Li is also an acupuncture expert who is capable of relieving pain and / or killing the touch of a needle.
 "Kiss of the Dragon" is the name of an acupuncture maneuver, in which you stick a needle in a specific place at the back of the victim's neck, redirecting in a way the whole flow of blood from the body to thebrain and killing the poor sap more or lessummediably.
There is a vague attempt to humanize Li by making it fall in love with an oppressed prostitute, whose daughter is retained hostage, for any reason, by the villain.
It is one of the worst love stories that I have ever seen on the screen, even worse than that of Pearl Harbor.
There is no conviction because the film barely gives him the lip service; it is only here because someone apparently thought that there should be a kind of boys' sub -intry.
Kiss of the Dragon was written by Luc Besson, whose scenario The Messenger: the story of Joan d'Arc, for all the faults of this film, was at least reflected.
I do not know why the guy got involved in this train wreck, but maybe he wanted something more common after the endless quirk of the fifth element and the aforementioned stylized biopic.
I guess you could call it dominant, but I will choose the weird at any time of the day.
If the action scenes in a film will be brutal instead of dazzling, you need a story to justify looking at them.
The filmmakers behind Kiss of the Dragon should have rethought their strategy.
No one will come out of this smiling Malbegotté project, but I hear that Rush Hour 2 arrives in a few weeks.