In the past, Tim Burton has stormed the cinema with the Batman wrapped action, and the hilarious Ed Wood, but recently his films do not cut him.
Sleepy Hollow has unique features, but the script is a terrible waste.
For those who remember the fantastic "adventures of Ichabod Crane" by Disney, it is in fact superior to that.
Disney's version was at least interesting, while Burton's film drags far too long, without suspense or dread.
Although the stories are similar, the new version adds too much to the once sympathetic history and throws a weak dialogue to top it all.
Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is now apparently a constable, who was sent to New York to investigate suspicious murders.
The victims are headless and no trace of evidence was found, until the murderer turns out, hence the headless rider.
Now, with the help of Christina Ricci and an orphan boy, they must prevent the headless rider from killing, who could destroy the whole city of Sleepy Hollow.
Of course, the headless rider is an intriguing character, but the story has so many holes that even he or Depp can save this disaster.
In the original, the headless rider was supposed to be unstoppable.
No one could stop it, not even Ichabod.
At the end of the film, he had an audience in a deep reflection.
Burton, however, focuses far too much on the atmosphere and how to make the main heroes of the characters.
He is not likely, and that's where he fails.
Another pathetic film of the film was the script.
As I said earlier, he just stuffed too much at the same time and made him really sloppy, a bit like the mess that the headless rider made with his victims.
He completely massacred the story into pieces.
Fortunately, there are a few factors that I particularly liked.
The game by Depp was quite remarkable.
He took the cheesy character of the cartoon and simply played better.
If it was not for his eccentric liners, I doubt that I could have stayed awake, because frankly, I had sleep.
Just when I thought Christina Ricci became a good actress, she ended up doing this.
This only shows no actress or actor can let a large blockbuster pass.
It's too tempting to let go, even if the script is porridge.
The atmosphere also involved.
I should have looked at the strange sets and fog, rather than paying attention to what was going on.
At least, Burton's films are eyes for the eyes, even if they are garbage.
The only real value scenes were the tree full of heads, and the fight between the rider, Depp and Casper van Dien.
Apart from that, I would like to be able to go quickly through all the gaping holes of the film, and just sit down and watch the landscape.
In the end, I can only think and laugh at the way Bad Sleepy Hollow has developed.
It is the biggest disappointment of the year, especially when a director as talented as Burton manages a project like this.
Do not waste your time or your money, because your head will feel hollow.