A film which means well, but which is too arrogant in the promotion of its elaborate and too sentimental point to be convincing as a drama.
It is Jeroen Krabb? The melodrama on a community of Jews in Antwerp in 1972 which cannot forget their bitter past.
The heroine is an attractive, carefree and non -religious chaja (Fraser) of 20 years, who wants to forget her Jewish roots by getting involved in student demonstrations, lowering a student the rebel leader and living with her nice friendsFar from his harassment (S? Gebrecht) and his eccentric self-absorbed father (Schell).
His parents are survivors of the Holocaust concentration camps and his family life is filled with anxiety.
His mother is denying on the past which always takes care of cooking soup and cooking cakes and complaining about everything, while his father is more openly loving but was recently absorbed by the search for twoSuitcases filled with memories, a family album, Silgency Etson Ancient Violin.
He buried them in a garden during the war by fleeing the Nazis, but cannot locate them now due to all changes in the city.
By frustration after leaving her job as a dishwasher and faces the expulsion of her apartment, she reluctantly accepts a nanny job with a hassidic couple that an old man in her parents' building, Mr.Appelschnitt(Topol), speaks to him.
The hassidics are ultra-Orthodoxes: they do not go to the cinema or do not watch television, adhere to strict dress codes and strictly observe their religious laws.
Chaja is first put off by the way they expect her rules, but soon finds the wife, Mme. Kalman (Rossellini), to be nice and she attaches to one ofHer 5 children, a 4 year old child named Simcha (Monty) who does not speak.
The stern MR.KALMAN (KRABB?) Is not friendly with it and considers it a whore because of the way it dresses.
To hammer at home the aim of how anti -Semitism has not left, there is a dam of exaggerated scenes and not involved with a rinfamily concierge to use the elevator.
The film is directed by its ham script like History, adapted from Carl Friedman's book "The Shovel and the Loom", goes from one false note to another until it is lost in everythingThe cake of its sentimentality.
It starts to tell Chaja's story about the way she is a lost Jew trying to find her identity, then to her role as a nanny when she loves a silent child stuck in an isolated environment, then that makes it a storyOn the persistent effects of the Amercela past cannot be forgotten.
The effort seemed heavy, because the film continued to deliver too many obvious messages which it made it possible to deliver with purely the characters of the stock.
The distribution of support is made up of all the wooden characters who give their roles a caricatural aroma: the parents of Chaja receive no human nuance, while the villain of the concierge was a particularly boring role which was unidimensional and wrongly wrong.
The only ones who fought the script and shown certain feelings were Fraser, whose effervescent face expressed both the difficult moments it was going through and the joys it felt - but showing most admirably how it could be so wrong thatTo think that this could forget his roots; while Rossellini gave a warm performance of a woman suffering in silence, but she is strong to accept her faith.
The reassuring performance of Topol as a wise man who says all the good things to Fraser, acts as the real voice of the filmmaker to explain all the sufferings with common sense.
The film uses Brazenly Little Simcha to cross its program to underline how the patriarchal world can be cruel when it cannot like: it begins by what extent under the affectionate care of Chaja, it took in the duck pond andsoon starts to shake, starting by saying ' Quack, Quack ', then ask the four questions in a Passover Seder.
But by showing how the boy is so terrified by his strict father that he softens his pants in his presence, refuses to speak because of his severe father, and finally becomes the victim of a tragic accident, the film thus exploits the sufferingsFrom the boy and the story just becomes boring and not sincerely made.
I felt that I did not only see a film, but I attended a conference for the 100 whole minutes of this serious but not very appetizing story.
It was the kind of film that you hoped would end in a way soon, because it seemed to be used to reshuffle its same point of view unnecessarily - the message he continues to send was already received.
In the last plan where the father and the daughter are desperately digging for lost luggage, one has the impression that no one in the film has learned anything about themselves or the past.
It seems strange, because I thought that was what this film was supposed to be.
Unless I'm wrong and the real goal of the film makes us cry on Simcha.