The 13th warrior starts so much melodrama and bad game that he has the worst perfume that the least appetizing residue of a canine.
The best part of the film would be a tight competition between fence credits and a brief moment in the middle where the screen becomes entirely white and you hope that the film has slipped and caught the projector.
My vote is worth for the end credits, where you can start trying to put the terrible experience behind you.
Ibn Fahdlan (Antonio Banderas) is an important official who is banished from his home for lying with the wife of another man.
He meets a group of Nordic warriors who convince him to join them in a mysterious journey to make by 13 men.
Fahdlan is chosen as 13th and last warrior in a moment which is so desperately over -siced and exaggerated that many people with the projection I attended broke out.
The film turns out to be a new low point for Banderas, whose game seems closer to that of its role as a lover and guardian of a gay man dying in Philadelphia in 1993, than that of a warrior.
In the supposed reimbursement of the film, he exclaims "I was wrong, they are not men!",
A line intended to be the most memorable quote in production.
Unfortunately, Banderas the book in a way that means that Chevy Chase's career looks like Oscar material.
The film, based on the best -selling novel by Michael Crichton, Carer of the Dead was shot under this name about three years ago, and after many rewritings, not only the dialogue seems completely false, but the intrigue isIncredibly difficult to follow.
At the same time, the 13th warrior makes you think about many questions.
Questions like "why do the characters always have a perfect light on them even when it is dark?",
 "Why has nobody ever blood covers both sides of their face, but rather one side?"
And finally, "will the manager give me a refund?"
90 minutes in the 103 -minute film, a man invites warriors "Come with me, there is a woman who can help."
Unfortunately, nothing could help this film.
The most appropriate end would have been for the 13 men to join hands, to form a line of choir and to enter an interpretation of "Springtime for Hitler".