When I arrived in Paris in June 1992, I was surprised to find France coated with Twin Peaks posters: Fire Walk with me, because the film should not open its doors in the U.S.jus until the end of August.
Fortunately, the film - The prequel to the cult television series by David Lynch - played in a Thx fantasy theater.
Unfortunately, the theater was much more impressive than the film, which stinks absolutely, a bit like a French toilet.
Worse, in fact.
Fire Walk with Me (realized by Lynch) will be completely incomprehensible for anyone who has not seen the television series or read "Laura Palmer's Secret Diary".
For drug addicts "Twin Peaks", like me, the film is only marginally improved.
The intrigue is mixed and illogical, not to mention the atrocious torsion.
The first 30 minutes, which have almost nothing to do with the main scenario, present Chris Isaak and Kiefer Sutherland as an agents of the FBI investigating a murder in Portland, in Oregon.
The film then stops in Philadelphia for an absurd cameo by David Bowie and a brief appearance of Kyle Maclachlan in the role of Dale Cooper.
Lynch then drops this strand from the plot and suddenly moves the frame of Twin Peaks, Washington - a year later.
Ah, Twin Peaks: "Familiar territory", you consider yourself the distinctive musical score of Angelo Badalameti.
fake !
The film proves that you really can't go home, or at least Lynch cannot.
Only about a quarter of the characters in the television series appear in the film: Leland Palmer, Bobby Briggs, James, Shelly, Leo, The Log Lady and a few others - in the cameos devoid of meaning.
The rest of the distribution "Twin Peaks" is not found, and therefore, Lynch did not recreate the spirit and the flavor of the most enigmatic city of television.
The distribution members Michael havekaan, Sherilyn Fenn, Piper Laurie and Richard Beymer are cruelly missed, not to mention Lara Flynn Boyle, which was replaced by Drune Kelly in the crucial role of Donna.
The film focuses only on Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee) while she suffers from drug abuse, prostitution and incest, during her last seven days on earth.
The night of Laura's death, which is really terrifying, is the only effective sequence from the film.
We can finally see exactly what happened to Laura after jumping from James' motorcycle and run in the woods at this lonely traffic light in the middle of nowhere.
His murder takes place as well as Agent Cooper has rebuilt it in the television series, which is rewarding for the faithful viewers of "Twin Peaks".
But it is a terribly small reward to sit through a painfully horrible film.