Vampires start almost in the style of a spaghetti western with an attack on a small property in new-mexic.
The house has a vampire nest and Jack Crow (James Woods) leads a team of vampire hunters to clean them.
Although initial imaging is a little too dramatic, it gives way to what is a fairly decent action of action.
It is a sufficient action to last us for a moment and we could, the director John Carpenter would leave us, arriving at a story.
But it is not very long and there is not much intrigue before the next major action scene.
Then there is only a little more intrigue before the next action scene after that.
The plot is maintained at least and the interesting ideas of the plot really get the end.
And it's something pity because the film, based on the vampire book $ by John Steakley, gives us a myth for the origins of vampires and explains why vampires are so linked to religious imagery.
It could be an interesting gap in the standard vampire film, but Carpenter decides to tell us about it rather than showing it.
What Carpenter saves his serious screen time for a sequence of spectacular fights between hunters and vampires.
There are a lot of fights and a lot of gore.
Everything that is intriguing is reduced to the minimum, so that it does not bother fans of action cinema.
It was not always the style of Carpenter.
His 1981 version of The Thing has an action but also challenges the spectator to think a little about the central question of science fiction of the film.
Jack Crow directs a Swat Vampire team, cleaning vampire nests with high -tech spears and crossbows.
At the start of the film, his team is destroyed by a particularly mean valek vampire (Thomas Ian Griffith) which was reversed in Who Crow.
Now the Crow team has left and is low for itself and its acolyte Tony Montoya (Daniel Baldwin).
To worsen things, he does not know people on his side, Tony and his donors, he can trust.
Meanwhile, Jack is sure that the vampires are looking for something that should be hidden somewhere here in new-mexic.
If it looks like a very tired police corruption plot with some obvious substitutions, that's exactly what it is.
The same story seems as well with two partner cops looking for a hood gang who are looking for a bunch of heroin.
But Carpenter goes against a familiar principle of the film: show people, does not tell them.
Just almost everything in the plot other than the fights told to us in the dialog box and not shown.
Fundamental questions in the plot like where Crow gets its funding, why vampires in new-mexic-what do they want and why do they want, what is the link of vampires and the Catholic Church, how Crow is-He came to be a vampire hunter and why devote his life to it?
The answers to one of these questions could have been dramatized, but are rather revealed by Dialogue.
Now, if all this was not bad enough, Carpenter abuses the personality of James Wood.
Woods plays a kind of fresh lowlife very well.
But Carpenter leads the film by making Woods make the mythical posture of sergio-leone style.
While his crew is preparing for an attack, he stands there through the nuances of the house which will be his target.
Woods does not work as a mythical hero greater than life.
It is not his style and it just doesn't work very well.
There are simple things that Carpenter should seek as a director that is missing.
In a scene, we look at a motel room with dead on the ground.
A female corpse is on the ground in front of a chair so that there is about an inch of daylight between it and the chair.
While the actress exudes the gap and the narrowing makes her obvious that her arm moves from top to bottom.
One also wonders how the existence of vampires is kept secret.
These vampires do not maintain a low profile.
There is a Very logical flaws in the film.
There is a question in my mind if Carpenter has a coherent policy on the effects that bullets have on vampires.
It would take a certain rationalization to explain why, in certain scenes, sunlight has a dramatic effect on vampires, but in a scene towards the end, a vampire can walk under a burned roof which allows it to be swept bysunlight.
I suspect that the book on which this film was based was better thought out.
Although I can recommend this film to an action audience, I would say that what I am looking for in a vampire vampire film assesses 4 on scale 0 to 10 and a 0 on the scale -4 to +4.
I may read the book.