"Virus" is the type of cliché and empty film that has been recycled so many times before that you wonder why someone would even take the trouble to do work to do it.
Curiously, the same weekend in mid-January from last year, another film was released like this, "Deep Rising", about a ugly monster on a cruise lining.
Previous films with the same scenario almost exactly include "Leviathan" from 1989, "Deep Star Six" from 1989 and the four "Alien" images.
 "Virus", in comparison, is an helpful, well done and produced thriller, but as it does not include a very moment of originality or distant intelligence, it flows under the weight of the water on which the film hasbeen turned.
Based on a series of comics, "virus" concerns the crew of an ocean rescue tug, which becomes extremely damaged during a violent typhoon.
After discovering that the boat flows slowly, (not) lucky for them, a huge oceanic ship that seems dead in the water presents itself within the limits of their radar screen.
Once the team has reached the Russian ship, it goes on board to find that the place is apparently deserted.
However, after having rekindled the power, however, there are gradually signs that something else is on the ship, and the electrical equipment works strangely alone.
A survivor finally finishes, Nadia (Joanna Pacula), who informs the suicidal and severe captain (Donald Sutherland) and one of the members of the crew, Kit Foster (Jamie Lee Curtis), only a mysterious form of extraterrestrial lifeStruck Santi Mir Santi Mirqui's space station was then transported to the ship, taking control of the mind of all electric machines and thinking that humans are viruses that should be completely wiped out.
If "virus" looks like all the films mentioned above, you are right.
Although technical art is impressive enough to give life to the mechanical creature, the film itself does not seem to have a brain in its head.
The film sticks so close to the worn conventions of the genus "creature" that it is incredible that anyone spends the money and the time to film it when they could make an original film.
The actors are all very good and have all proven their acting capacities in the past, but they are cruelly wasted here and do not even have really characters to play.
In his second return to horror in the past year, Jamie Lee Curtis is once again a strong and ingenious heroine, but that's about it.
Although "Halloween: H20" from 1998 was also a disappointment, at least she received some scenes to develop a character, unlike here.
Donald Sutherland recently reached difficult moments by showing off in completely disposable films, such as "The Puppet Masters" from 1994, although I just looked at him in the superb classic science fiction of 1978 "Invasion of theBody Snatchers ", where he was fabulous.
The last of the three top-bemers is William Baldwin, but it is quite difficult to say if it is good or not in the photo, because it has nothing to do.
Basically, "virus" is another of these films where a group of people walks and investigates a space ship / an ocean lining / a haunted house until the deadly and just as grotesque and sticky creature has emerged andkill them one by one.
It is not the worst of its type, but it is far from being one of the best, and when exactly the studios will abandon the recycling of the gadgets of shamelessly and exaggerated conspiracy like this?
As long as some of them continue to make money, I suspect that the answer is never.