Godzilla is the ultimate highlight of the summer film "Who cares about the intrigue".
A loose remake of the "classic" Japanese monsters film, Godzilla, King of the Monsters (which is itself quite thin in the History department), Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin Big-Budget Lizard-Stompomps-Manhattan Flick havebeen written with a disaster stroke of Lézard-Stomumps-Manhattan with written with a disaster stroke with the Big Budget-Stostan Flick with the big budget with the Big Budget-Stost-Manhattan Flick with the Budget with theBig Budget-Stost-Manhattan. The brain is dead in mind.
The script is not only "abundant", it is lobotomized.
Godzilla lives and dies only on special effects.
Presumably, the main target group of this film is adolescents, the demographic most likely to pay $ 7 on several occasions to see the same images of carnage inspired by monster.
This does not mean that women and other age groups are immune to seduction of special effects; they are simply not so easily sensitive.
This is the third consecutive consecutive film where Emmerich and Devlin have shown that mastery of the visuals generated by computer is much more important to earn money than the possibility of writing and directing for the actors.
Stargate was a financial success.
Independence day was a successful success.
And, with Godzilla already drowning in media threshing and merchandising links even before opening, it is practically guaranteed at least $ 100 million.
Beautiful figures for a film that could have been written by a primary child not too early.
Godzilla is not completely without merit, although it is close.
There is a certain visceral thrill inherent in watching the giant lizard make his way through Manhattan, but he wears out quickly.
Frankly, although the special effects are competent, they are not so superb.
There is nothing new here; his Jurassic Park meets extraterrestrials, with a small day of independence thrown to a bad measure.
Perhaps it will force George Lucas and his new Star Wars film to pass the visuals generated by computer at the upper level.
Godzilla never really pushes the limits, preferring to stay in a comfort zone.
The imagination of monster films like King Kong has been replaced by a coarse formula approach which prohibits creativity.
 (How disturbing is it to know that Godzilla was chosen to close the 51st Cannes Festival?)
Worse still, Godzilla is not even exciting.
With the possible exception of a slightly pleasant car pursuit towards the end, there is no sequence in this film which increases the pulse.
Even the scenes with dozens of planes attacking the monster are so devoid of tension and suspense that they cause yawning.
Independence day may have been stupid, but it was full of "adrenaline moments" capable of involving the public in the action.
In this aspect of its production, as in so many others, Godzilla is lacking.
In fact, part of the problem is that we never know for whom we are supposed to be rooted: the green monster with an attitude or thin humans of paper trying to stop it.
The intrigue, as it is, can be summed up quite simply.
After having flowed a few ships and left a few imprints on the tropical islands, Godzilla presents herself in the Big Apple.
He does some of the usual tourist things: stops by Madison Square Garden, visits the Chrysler building, walks in Central Park and takes the metro.
In the process, it overturns a few buildings and not on countless taxis, but it never has problems with traffic jams.
The expression of arresting it is an elite U.S. The unit of the army, led by a slightly less arrogant soldier than usual (Kevin Dunn) and a biologist named Nick Tatopoulos, who has a theory on Godzilla.
In his opinion, the big guy is actually a lizard cultivated with enormous proportions following the radiation released by the tests of French atomic bombs in the South Pacific.
In Nick's words, Godzilla is "a mutated aberration? A nascent creature? The first of the genre".
Luckily, Nick's old girlfriend, Audrey (Maria Pitillo), is a journalist based in a television channel in New York.
With her cameraman friend, Animal (Hank Azaria), she decides to follow Nick around as he drags Godzilla.
Then, just when the army rejected Nick's theory on the reasons why Godzilla is in New York, a member of the French secret services (Jean Reno) recruits him for a special mission.
Instead of trampling Tokyo this time, Godzilla chose New York.
Unfortunately, Manhattan has been destroyed so many times in recent disaster films (Independence Day, Deep Impact, Armageddon) that it becomes boring.
The whole tradition of wandering monsters in the city started with King Kong, but the great monkey was only 30 feet high.
He could climb the State Building Empire.
At ten times this height, Godzilla would be more likely to overthrow him.
Godzilla contains some attempts to have a lame of humor.
There is a quarrel in progress between the animal and his wife who plays as a material-like-com, a funny and repetitive gag on how nobody can pronounce the family name correctly, and a rather tamed attack against theRoger Ebert and Gene Siskel cinema reviews.
The two popular personalities have alternate egos in the film: "Ebert", the mayor of New York, is played by Michael Lerner, and "Gene" (Lorry Goldman) is his campaign director.
Ebert's re -election slogan is, without surprise, "strike for New York".
Siskel / Ebert stuff is fun the first time it is used, but after a while it becomes tiring.
And, although the "characters" do not serve any real objective, they continue to arise.
Godzilla is struggling with an impressive casting.
This is largely because Emmerich does not want to risk a human performance upwards of his lizard.
This does not mean that Matthew Broderick and Jean Reno are not capable of good performances (the two have made their share of a solid game in the past), but these are not A-List names.
Here again, given the quality of writing, even Pacino and Deniro would have been hard in a hurry to shine.
Maria Pitillo (Dear God) plays love interest and Hank Azaria (great expectations) is on site to present what is supposed to be comic relief.
In the end, no matter what I (or any other criticism, by the way), I have to say about the film.
Tristar assumed that Godzilla, like all the self -proclaimed films of the summer event, is almost the test of criticism.
It can also be word of mouth.
Those who want to see the film will see it, no matter what I write or their friends say.
So when I go record to say that Godzilla is one of the most stupid successful films of all time, it's like spitting in the wind.
Emmerich and Devlin are illusionist masters, waving their chopsticks and the fascinating audience with their smoke and their mirrors.
It is probably too much to hope that one day, the moviegoers will wake up and realize that they were had.