The general's daughter is a heartless and absurd film, a film so desperately dedicated to his stupid intrigue that he completely forgets on his own characters.
Director Simon West deals with problems such as rape and sexual fetish with an obscenity of the Hols, creating a film that almost entirely on the exploitation and the offensive pseudo-professional.
What is worse is that the film is randomly stuck by two characters who are neither interesting nor sympathetic - the ridiculous story forces them to do incredible things in the interest of achieving a dark conclusion in a sudden suddenrain storm.
John Travolta finds himself in the middle of the disorder, playing adjutant Paul Brenner; Brenner is assigned to find the murderer and rape of Captain Elizabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson), daughter of General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell).
Brenner is associated with ex-spouse Sarah Sunderland (Madeline Stowe), and they check all the suspects on the basis, including Elizabeth's mentor, Colonel Moore (James Woods).
Soon, it becomes obvious that Elizabeth was in perverse sexual stuff, but the question comes down to why - and, of course, who.
The law of Ebert on the economy of the characters can be applied here; one interesting thing that I noted is that not only are all suspects are suspects at some point (including the two protagonists), but that almost allend directly with history.
I might have had to publish a spoiler alert before mentioning it, but it has been painfully obvious from the start that everyone in the film hides something.
In terms of history, the general's daughter is entirely built.
The film, adapted by Christopher Bertolini and William Goldman of the novel by Nelson Demille (which was apparently based on a true story), is displayed at its conclusion, filling the whites with rassis and unrealistic dialogue and developments of "shocking" intrigue.
Having not read the novel, it is difficult to determine whether these problems are the fault of the adapters or the original author, but I suppose that they are all guilty to a certain extent.
The scene after the scene stumbled with unnecessary insincerity; a few minutes after finding the young dead woman, Brenner and Sunderland engage in a sarcastic dialogue, which includes endless chains of forced lines.
 (Sunderland actually asks Brenner: "Why was she killed?"
To which I would have replied: "If I knew, then the film would already be over.")
It is only after spending about twenty minutes with these characters that we learn that they have a sordid story together; this angle, although apparently present to develop their characters, is never explored.
Not that it really matters, because the characters always do ridiculous things for no other reason than to conduct the intrigue.
In a scene, Sunderland is attacked by a man in a mask.
She sees one of her rings, and she and Brenner find the man later in the day on the basis of the ring.
Instead of questioning him as they would make a real suspect, they take him to the barge of Brenner, beat him and pour hot coffee on his lap.
This scene really pushed me on the edge, not because it is free and mean, but because it illustrates the full contempt for the film for the characters and the public.
It was impossible for me to feel anything for these people beyond this scene, mainly because nothing they do is surprising.
I realized that these constructions on the screen are not really characters, but the devices present only to serve the story.
It would have been quite bad without the need of the West to kill his film in insipid images of rape and sexual misconduct.
Convincing films on sexual crimes do not spend much time on rape flashbacks, and they certainly do not show as much skin and sweat as a typical pornographic image.
These scenes are not all powerful; on the contrary, they are simply intended to provide the public with the necessary re Together for the villain, who can prove to be.
In addition, the film treats sexual fetishes - and sadomasochism in particular - as if it was a perversion of everything we know how to be pure.
This point of view is certainly authorized, but only as an accompaniment to well -developed themes to save it.
As it stands, the film forgets that many people have sexual fetish and that putting handcuffs does not make a person crazy.
Perhaps the only positive elements of the general's girl are some of the performance.
James Woods has some great scenes and plays his role with clear and spirit -minded.
I also liked James Cromwell, mainly because it appears to be slightly sympathetic despite the obvious intention of West to make it mean.
Nevertheless, these performances are entirely undermined by the dreary and compulsory atmosphere and the insane negligence of characterization.
The general's daughter is the worst type of Hollywood film - he claims to have a soul, to be of a strict moral code, when in fact there is nothing more than a group of cardboard cutouts that aggravateThe public a toxic discharge of the artifices and unilateral moral judgments.