Do not get me wrong - I tend to appreciate the vision of the naive and shameless world of Besson, an artistic European sensitivity which has completely become Hollywood.
His Leon from 1994 is exciting and absurdly moving, thanks mainly to the interaction between Jean Reno and a young Natalie Portman, and The Fifth Element of 1997 is an awkward Paean to love, which is even more a hua on repeated views.
But his Arc Joan is a mess, despite certain moving battle scenes and the main presence at direct elimination of a narrow Croque Milla Jovovich like the girl herself.
Jovovich, Besson's own personal muse through the production of his last two films (although they have been separated since), is magnetic and energetic to play a credible Joan (as long as you think that Joan was not only a warrior, but also a fabulous fabulous, baby in the model).
And Besson remains a director of useful action movies, but not particularly easy.
Living his army against the apparently impenetrable fortresses of English, Joan's struggle against the big odds is undeniably moving, and Besson helps you understand how the French could believe, fervently, that God is on his side.
Besson's big mistake, I think, try to dramatize the inner life of his subject.
Yes, Joan had visions - but I guarantee that whatever the image that a sympathetic public evokes in his collective spirit will be more convincing than the figure of Christ with blue eyes exposed in the Hallucinoires de Besson dream sequences.
All vanity is transformed into a disaster on the right at the moment when Dustin Hoffman (presented as "consciousness") appears, gushing from Platitudes and sending a poor Milla flowing around his cell, babbling like Ally McBeal.
It is a kind of shame, because it does quite well to this point, fighting in the battle with a groan of Banshee which suggests the eruption of a sublimated blood.
This dark and attractive aspect of her character - that she is also likely a charismatic crazy as the Lord's ship - is more or less betrayed by the final coils, in which consciousness strikes her on the murder she supervised and JoanStarts to look at a little more than a very confused young woman who is about to fall.
While history ends, with Joan condemned to horrible death by fire, Besson aims for a tragedy and a psychological meaning.
The problem is that he has chosen a lurid tone, often Jokey for the balance of the image - including the Blithe CGI blood effusions in the battle scenes - and it is impossible to shake that this particular vision of the Middle Agesis, at a great extent, nothing more than a kick.
This Glib version, pre-fab of such a great story, I make myself even more grateful for the passion of Joan d'Arc de Dreyer, a film whose dialogue is drawn from the real transcriptions of the trial of Joan, and which is locatedLike one of the most painful experiences throughout the cinema.
Compared to this film, the messenger plays as a crime against history.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Directed by Luc Besson written by Besson and Andrew Birkin cinematography by Thierry Arbogast Music by Eric Serra with Milla Jovovich France / USA, 1999
Theatrical aspect ratio: 2.35: 1 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------