It was the latest postponement film (if you reduce `` Carry on Columbus '' as a racing film) and was produced by a new production company.
Based in the center of London, this film talks about the attempts by Emmanuelle Prevert (Suzanne Danielle) to sleep her husband Emile the French ambassador (Kenneth Williams).
When he does not seem to be wanted, she has permission to sleep anyone she loves, like the Prime Minister and the U.S. Ambassador.
His puffs cause him trouble and the British press spread these rumors on their first pages.
She is invited to speak on television to set the record straight but confirms only rumors instead.
Meanwhile, Theodore Valentine (Larry Dann) is in love with Emmannual after a fortuitous meeting in the toilets of the Concorde and is determined to marry it.
However, she is only interested in restoring the ardor of her husband, which seems a little difficult after Emile's accident with a church arrow!
This film is the second worst racing film, the worst being `` Carry on England ''.
It is embarrassing to see that some of the remaining regulars fight through this diabolical script of Lance Peters and try to achieve some of the raw and insipid jokes he wrote.
The new arrivals Suzanne Danielle and Beryl Reid (like Mme. Valentine) are slightly funny, but Larry Dann as Théodore is excruciatingly bad.
Kenneth Williams appears only in a few scenes and his Dull Performance is justified, given the script.
The small games of Jack Douglas as Butler, Joan Sims as Mme. Expert, Kenneth Connor like Leyland the driver and Peter Butterworth as Richmond, are worthless and embarrassing.
In fact, the four parties are surplus to the requirements.
However, the only humorous scene in the film is when the four of them and Emmannuelle talk about their most loved escapades.
A horrible script, a terrible collection of jokes, very bad production values (in particular the scene where Emmannual takes off his clothes in St. James Palace), a ridiculous musical score, and a intrigue or an nonexistent scenario.
It's just a succession of horrible egs on whom Emmannu will then go to bed!
Jack Douglas is not so boring but is more annoying, Joan Sims and Peter Butterworth are wasted, and Kenneth Connor and Kenneth Williams organized bad performances as Leyland and Emile.
A full waste of time, this film was trying to catch up with the new 70 years.
It was a certificate film 15, but in 1978, there was not little interest in this kind of film and it failed in the box office and was only given his first on British terrestrial televisionIn April 1998!
Avoid at all costs!