There are fairly impressive stars in Lost in Space - it's just that none of them happen to be actors.
The stars to which I refer are those generated by computer which make up "the space" of the film; the stars that the less impressive actors cross as they try to find their way.
Yes, in terms of play, the power of the stars is.
 .
 .
Well, more like a falling star.
A little pretty, short -lived and almost dead.
Lost in space, as if you really did not know, is based on the Science Fiction television series of the 60s of the same name.
It is 2058, and the precious earth resources were quickly usurped by the needs of its massive population.
John Robinson (William Hurt) is the scientist who heads a mission program to colonize a foreign planet.
The whole of the existence of the earth depends on a successful mission, but no one, be it John's family or the battle pilot hired Don West (Matt Leblanc), seems too enthusiastic about leaving theirnative planet for several years.
John's family is made up of his wife Maureen (Mimi Rogers), his atypical teenage daughter Penny (Lacey Chabert), his ingenious son Will (Jack Johnson) and his beautiful scientific daughter Judy (Heather Graham).
Despite everyone's reluctance, the Jupiter 2 spacecraft abandons planet Earth and makes its way in the vast eternity of space.
Unbeknown to anyone except the public, there is a nasty underground doctor determined to sabotage the whole mission.
Dr.Smith (Gary Oldman) was hired by a group of rebellious conspirators to transform the sour expedition, and Dr. Smith reprogrammed a speaking robot to "destroy the Robinson family"!
When everything that could go wrong is mistaken for both sides, the spacecraft is distorted to an unknown destination, and now the premise of being lost in space is over.
Regarding the public, you will probably be lost in boredom at this stage, you asking yourself if the intrigue, like Jupiter 2, will never trigger.
Is it difficult to say who deserves the most blame - the incredibly bland and cheesy characters or the horribly lame script?
Chabert is fundamentally the only one to do too much, resembling a Munchkin Pleurnichard on helium.
If you, like me, were convinced by the advertisements that his voice was modified for a kind of twist of the intrigue where his body would be taken up by extraterrestrials, you are wrong!
It's just his normal voice!
In yet another example of a "friend" waves on the big screen, Leblanc is so incredibly dull and yet so obviously tried so hard to be so incredibly charming (it's meaning?), Does that make you want to pushHis ass in the exhaust pod without escape pod.
Graham is a baby - thank God, there was something to think during this film.
Wounded, the black excitation hole, sucks all energy that could have been left.
If the injury was available in the form of tablets, it would be a prescription forcue sleeping pills.
Johnson is not dull, he's just lame because young people know everything that ends up saving everyone's ass.
Do you want an example of how this child can be cool?
How about when he convinces the robot to think with his heart and reconsider killing the family?
Hey, don't laugh - the thing listened to the MR.ROGERS made a feeling of pride.
But alas, if you thought that a character could not be much worse, there was Rogers like the quintessence of generic (or, as she was known).
Why hire an actress?
They could have had a white cardboard cut with the word mom printed on it.
Now it would have had a spice!
Lost in space fortunately does not suffer in all the categories he could have.
The special effects are clear, clear and at least slightly captivating, unlike one of the presence on the screen except, it is Oldman, which plays its evil character with great pleasure and finesse.
Unfortunately, Oldman is locked up for most of the film, giving us only many mocking opportunities O Take advantage.
Although the special effects are pleasant to the eye, they are nothing that you could not find in most modern science fiction films.
Contact, for example, far exceeds this film in terms of imaging and imagination.
Lost in space has too much gaps to be considered a work of cinematographic art, with many contradictions (the time aspect was horrible to have seen the whole Robinson family to explode.
Again, with an end like this film, it is obvious that a sequel is already considered.
What a horrible note to end, knowing that there could be more in a year or two.
The attempt to be focused on the family is laudable, but lost in space is lost with the illusion that the special effects and nostalgia for a classic television series being revised is enough to satisfy all age groups.
Well, potential danger filmmakers!
hazard !
This accident film lands without ever breaking into the atmosphere of mediocrity.