Stephen, please post if necessary.
 "Mafia!"- Crime is not a funny business by Homer Yen (C) 1998
A special night when I found myself spending free time, I was lucky to go to sleep early or see "Mafia!", A parody of mafia and criminal films such as "The Godfather", "GoodFellas"and" Casino ".
At 84 minutes, I thought I could enjoy a few laughs before sleeping good nights.
But according to my account, I think that my Laff-O-Meter has only recorded a few smiles, a laugh and perhaps a chuckle.
I guess you could justify your time in tribute to the venerable Hollywood star, Lloyd Bridges, who was recently deceased and whose last performance was in this film.
 "Mafia!"
Chronicles of the life of Vincenzo Cortino (Lloyd Bridges).
Separated from his family when he was young, he escapes in America and tries to live an honest life.
But as fate would have done, Vincenzo grew up being a lord of the powerful crime and Klutzy.
His traces are his two sons, Joey (Billy Burke) and Anthony (Jay Mohr) are located.
Like all brothers and sisters in powerful families of crimes, they argue the power, the future of the family, fortune and women.
 "Mafia!"is co-written by Jim Abrahams, who also contributed to funny intestine parodies such as "Airplane" and "The Naked Gun".
But these previous films were funny because the jokes seemed more universally understood and there was more than a stupid maniac at work.
As I write this, I also wonder how many people have really seen the films on which this parody is based.
Criminal films in general contain a lot of blasphemies and violence.
It is a difficult genre to parody.
I hoped in a way that they could somehow usurize the blasphemy used in all these crime films, perhaps by making say that all the lords of the difficult crime say "please" because they decideWhat sector to take over, but this opportunity has never been explored.
There was one or two moments that made me smile like the scene where Vincenzo dances with his newly married daughter-in-law.
A shooter draws him several times.
The impact of the bullets makes him make these wild contortions which force the wedding battle to change the styles of music to follow him, from samba to the Macarena disco.
I think I just gave the best part of the film.
Well, it just means that you can sleep earlier.