Yeah, yes, advertisements did not even try to hide the fact that this film had only one hook - sex.
Neve Campbell and Denise Richards of Starship Trooper obtains it?
All right !
Yes, it's two decent minutes of the film's eroticism, but even if it's your main interest in this film, there are a lot of cheeziness to sit in exchange for these two minutes.
Wild things have much more to think that you don't think so.
Almost every scene is a huge twist of the guaranteed plot to let you guess, or at least curious to see the next turn, throughout the film.
But this fast and shaved turning point of events does not leave much time to enjoy the surprises.
We start in a high -level Californian high school where each student looks like a model in preparation.
The orientation advisor Sam Lombardo (Matt Dillon) seems to attract the attention of each student, in particular Kelly Van Ryan (Richards), daughter of the locally prestigious family whose social status is about as high as their bank accounts.
From the start, Kelly uses all the assets she has in order to seduce "Mr. Lombardo".
The fundraising laundryman seems to be the right time, especially when you wash the jeep of your orientation advisor in all white clothes and take a lot of precautions to make sure you are imbued with your head to toe when youhave finished.
At the weekend of the Auto washing machine, Kelly's attempts at seduction fall flat, and when they do it, she records the story that Sam actually raped her that day.
Naturally, Sam is thrown into a panicked shock against these accusations.
However, otherwise non -substantial manufacturing quickly led to a criminal trial when a smoking student of marijuana low -class by the name of Suzie Toller (Campbell) comes with an almost identical story, also involving his confidence guidance advisor.
Presenting itself with the most respected names and authorities of the communities, Sam must prove his innocence using his fortune lawyer, Ken Bowden, played by Bill Murray.
Yes, this Bill Murray!
Does it look like a good full movie?
Yes, it alone could have been, but this is only the beginning.
In fact, the trial is more than fifteen or twenty minutes after the start of the film.
It is simply used to launch the most twisted history of the recent hour.
As the film ends, you have crossed each twist of the imaginable intrigue.
Unfortunately, with so many things in progress, you are not given enough time in a situation to be as effectively shocked when a new twist arrives.
This is only the director John Mcnaughton does not make this film as fun as it could have been.
The 113 minutes pass, and although she never feels underdeveloped, this narrative Bretzel could have been much more achieved if a slower pace had been taken.
The theater incredibly recalls the prime-time Fox soap operas, which is not a good thing.
And it is not only Campbell, who is at the exit of the SOAP Fox "Party of Five", but everyone suffers from strongly melodramatic connotations.
Dillon, who was so charming in his discreet role in in & out last year, gives the best performance, and the surprising appearance of Murray adds a comic push to the film.
In fact, if the whole film had been promoted as a subtle comedy, even if it was exactly the same film, I would give it a better note.
This is how it stands out.
But apart from these two, the others offer nothing more than good eyes.
In good hands, wild things could have been a delicious and deliciously twisted thriller, but instead, we obtain very laughable shelves of blasphemies.
And what's going on with these people who pass as a secondary student?
I realize that Hollywood often launches older actors to play roles among adolescents, but when I realized that it was not supposed to be a college in which they were, I had to sneer.
I will not do it LIE - It is definitely a guilty pleasure.
As cheesy as it is, it has interesting aspects and could deserve at least one "B" for effort.
But if you just want to admire Denise Richards, opt for the Starship Troopers from last year, which was just as Campy, but a million times better.
Of course, if seeing her breasts is your most important goal, you will be with you with wild things.
Maybe the craziest thing of all is that someone really looked at this and thought he deserved to be in theaters.