What are the warning signs of a film * terrible *?
Make your debut at the theater dollar?
Locally, the chairman of the board of directors has done so.
Have the boring hosting strip Scott Thompson (better known as Carrot Top) in the main role?
Chairman of the Board of Directors, once again.
How about a slim plot of exhausted paper approached with total incompetence?
Has anyone said the chairman of the board of directors?
This is true, the beginnings of the very feared cinema of Carrot Top of Carrot Top (at least for a main role) are made in a handful of theaters across the country.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors features the odious king and aspiring as grass as an aspiring of Rousse Rousse as a lazy but creative, inventive but without incident named Edison.
Living with a pair of surfing guys in a small rented house, Edison bounces from one job to another, always wasting money on his eccentric inventions (to say at least) and ignoring the crucial responsibilities such as rent.
This has the owner Crabby, MS.Krubavitch (Estelle Harris, better known as the mother of George Constanza on "Seinfeld"), threatening an expulsion if past expenses are not provided after the haste.
Luckily, Edison soon meets Armand McMillan (Jack Warden), an old surfer guy who happens to be president of the McMillan industries of several million dollars.
Sharing a passion for more than waves of conduct, Armand is deeply touched by the notebook of dreams and ideas of the young inventor, and when the old man dies shortly after, Edison learns that he is named benefactor in the willd'Armand.
As you would expect, Edison acquires the whole company and must maintain productivity without any knowledge of the business world.
As you would expect, there is a bitter nephew (Larry Miller) whose lesser inheritance feeds the resentment which will lead to an elaborate sabotage plot.
As you would expect, there is an attractive employee (Courtney Thorne-Smith) whose initial repulsion will turn into love for our DOOFY protagonist.
As you would expect, the man who knows nothing will fight against the chances and would give the company his most profitable and most successful recovery, all because he directed things by common sense and notgreed.
It is as if the writers Turi Meyer, Al Septien and Alex Zamm (Meyer and Septien also wrote Leprechaun 2 together!)
pulled a plot of a hat and worked on the top of the carrot.
The jokes, the "surprises", the developments-all perform such a predictable path, it is perhaps only the cheeky red hairstyle of Carrot Top that distinguishes this one from the myriad of similar films.
A film This bad speaks of itself.
What remains to be said when each element that the film has is a shameful recovery of past films?
The script is 100%recycled, the management is HOKEY and the game is absolutely horrible.
It is only Thorne-Smith who seems to take his work seriously, an accomplishment which surely deserves the medal of honor.
She has certainly went beyond the call of duty - she must kiss Carrot Top !!!!!!
 (Barf Bag, please!)
Films like this give nothing to the public but think about how many synonyms for "bad" there are really.
The chairman of the board of directors, without a doubt, deserves everyone.
The only way that will not be found on the list of everyone's "ten inferior" is if they were lucky to have never seen it.
Just because you can't miss your bizarre fiery mane, do not skimp by avoiding this odious characteristic.