The jewel of the Crown of Irwin Allen disaster films in the 1970s, The Poseidon Adventure, presents a stars casting, including Gene Hackman and Ernest Borgnine, gushing some of the most laughable dramatic dialogues in the history of the cinemaWhile being trapped on a cruise ship.
The story begins on the U.S.S.
The great New Year's Cruise in Poseidon, where we are presented to all people who will soon be the only passengers who stay alive.
See, there is the preacher of the new age (Hackman) who advises people to "pray this part of God in you".
There is the old cop (Borgnine) who broke a whore (Stella Stevens) six times - then married her.
There is the singer Hippie ("there must be one morning after ...") who turns to the company of a lonely man (red buttons) once his brother is killed.
And to complete the group: the elderly couple (Jack Albertson and Shelley Winters) who live on the ship, the beautiful teenager and her brother who sail alone and the adventurous Scottish Roddy McDowall.
We get to know these people a little too well in the first thirty minutes of Poseidon's adventure, before the right ship, Captain Leslie Nielson watched the giant tidal wave directed on the right for the ship.
Everyone is in the giant ballroom at the time, shortly after midnight of the new year, when the ship turns first on the side, then completely upside down.
The second commander wants everyone to wait in the ballroom until the arrival of the aid, but Rebel Hackman leads his small group of followers in search of the top of the ship.
In this case, because the ship is overturned, the top is the bottom.
Or is the bottom at the top?
Anyway, we see a lot of funds because the two beautiful women of the crew both carry hot pants during the scenes where the camera heads up while they climb ladders and - inThe ballroom scene - Christmas trees.
Thus begins an hour or more of muffled trips in long corridors, through burning rooms, etc.tand that the ship slowly fills with water behind them.
It is a race against the clock that is only slightly interesting.
Poseidon's adventure works more as a bad film to laugh, with all the melodrama that comes between non -launched action scenes.
The only note in the performance of a note from Borgnine is to be an old grumpy man who argues with Hackman at each stage of the path while the buttons and the hippie fall in love (although there is noSex scene, we never discover if his buttons are really red) and Albertson and Winters wonder if they will live to see the birth of their grandson.
Shelley Winters provides the most hilarious scene of the film from a scene towards the end, where the water has flooded the next two rooms of the ship and Hackman is preparing to dive with a rope for the others to stop.
Winters, who was the big whining woman throughout the film (Stevens does not even call her so affectionately "Fatass" in a scene), finally finds her goal.
 "I was the underwater champion of New York swimming three years when I was seventeen," she boasts, and before Hackman even could ask her how she could be ten-Septhanches, showing his cellulite (or do you call it Shellulite?)
mounted thighs.
It is not so funny as disgusting inconvenience, which roughly sums up the adventure of Poseidon as a whole.