I do not remember a previous cinematographic experience when the moment quite good that I turned as quickly as quickly as during the feeling of Minnesota.
For about forty minutes, I was drawn to a romantic comedy in a loop loop, and I even gave Keanu Reeves the benefit of the doubt.
Then, rather suddenly, I was swirled above the head with a little violence; shortly after, I was struck in the intestine by another.
Feeling Minnesota is a film that made me feel violated, as if I had trusted the writer-director Steven Baigelman to bring me a glass of fresh water and rather threw acid inmy face.
Feeling of Minnesota tells the story of a dancer with bare breasts named Freddie (Cameron Diaz) who finds himself in difficulty when her red boss (Delroy Lindo) suspects her of having stolen him.
Red's punishment is to force Freddie to marry his accountant, Sam Clayton (Vincent d'Onofrio), who is far from Freddie's dream man.
Enter Jjaks (Keanu Reeves), Sam's younger brother, who arrives at the wedding just in time to attract Freddie's attention and have sex with her in the bathroom.
United in their mutual attraction and their mutual hates from Sam, Jjaks and Freddie take off together, but Sam is not ready to let them go without fighting.
Freddie, on the other hand, is not ready to let Sam's money manage and start a series of violent confrontations.
There is both style and substance at the beginning of the feeling of Minnesota, while Baigelman opens with an effective montage showing the jjaks and the intense rivalry of Sam as boys, and their mother (Tuesday sheds)sending jjaks to live with his father.
He does an excellent job to set up the unstable life of Jjaks, a life that won him in trouble for small crimes and always trying to please his family; the wounded look of Reeves is just for Jjaks.
The wedding sequence includes a number of nice moments, including the aforementioned bathroom scene in which a simple question receives a very funny turn.
More importantly, Baigelman begins to establish the link between Freddie and Jjaks with humor and economy, as in a scene where they spontaneously start singing in the replacements "I Will Dare" on the automobile.
You would have every reason to expect that family and romantic relationships - are the focal point of the feeling of Minnesota.
Unfortunately, you are wrong.
I guess I should have expected Marguerites and Valentines after a first scene in which the red threatens Freddie when it tries to avoid marriage, but I certainly did not expect what II got.
What I obtained was yet another in a long line of recent films trying to get on the Tarantino wave by mixing gags and brutality, or rather gags on brutality.
Suddenly, the history of romantic tangles and family conflicts becomes a story on a corpse, and everything that had come before degenerate so completely that practically nothing is recognizable.
The rivalry of the brothers and sisters does not only become a little more than an excuse for a cycle of blows after another, but there is no consistency in the characterizations.
Vincent d'Onofrio transforms a maniac performance while Sam, whose jealousy, competitiveness and the feeling of apparent inferiority seem much more conforming to what we know about the jjaks, while Reeves turns into a framed hero who recalls too muchThe chain reaction, and two take the most of the second half of the film, screaming and covered with blood.
There are films that have managed to use a radical change in the tone successfully (Jonathan Demme's something wild and The Crying of Neil Jordan), but they did not try to draw an audience with the promise to'Relatively harmless entertainment.
I do not want to reject the successes of uncontrollable Baigelman - he obtains a funny performance of Dan Aykroyd as a twisted cop, and some well -designed comic moments - and it is not his fault so well Line has chosen to promote the feeling of Minnesota as a light caper.
He is his fault if he violates his own characters for the value of the shock and that he cannot make his two halves as a whole.
Feeling Minnesota left me on occasion, and there is not much funny on this.