Insured for a ghoul party, Fat Girl stands a cast iron company with the simplistic, fatal and integrated excuse that his director of director disturbs the harsh sexual realities of adolescent girls.
Being a boy, I may not understand female behavior and I am not equipped to analyze this story from a particular pseudo-feminist age.
fairly fair.
I would pretend to ignore the maniacated posture and the health class 101 "This is a no dialogue" when an older teenager cashered a younger teenage girl to let him kiss her ass, speaking variations on "it will notwrong!"
For a scene that seems to last at least ten minutes.
This is done almost entirely in an uninterrupted master shot which suggests a work of camera without imagination more than voyeurism without client.
They dare to look away, without having the courage to allow children to really look like children (they are mouths for the clinical policy of a note by director Catherine Breillat).
Rather than showing an impartial assessment of the rigors of hormonal change, Breillat (previously responsible for inaccessible romance) wants to indulge in his hatred time.
Life is pain, alleviation.
get used to it.
She would find passionate bed companions in Neil Labute and Todd Solondz, other sultans of misanthropy who do not have the bullets to be seriously or honest.
For children, facing trauma and pain is complicated.
Burning this in sarcasm and academic theory is cheap.
These potentials (more like the heights) have not gained the right to display suffering because they do not superimpose it in emotional truth (as Mike Leigh does it through Naked and David Lynch in several key scenes from BlueVelvet).
Of course, I will compare it to all these (best) male directors.
I do not care .
Sex is damned, it is incompetent.
Braced for an instinctive reaction of the crowd of the art house (mortified shocks or compulsory applause will suffice), director Catherine Breillat could well accomplish her mission to obtain an elevation of people.
Don't be fooled.
This excessive grotesque simplification of clumsy incursions in passion can be quickly forgotten, only remembers as cold, boring, philosophically arid and photographed in an incompetent manner.
The hyperviolet climate sequence is so extraordinarily wrong that I wondered honestly if Breillat had thrown an impromptu dream sequence.
Twelve years old, a packet of dough with a spinned pout, the superb ana reboux plays the big holder girl with a look of a thousand yards and a frumpy carefree.
 (His character is also called Ana.).)
Sitting at the slurping table on a split of bananas, his presence is anchored and heartbreaking.
It is a shame that Breillat never finds anything to do except to be defensive against his sister of evil tales, Elena, 15 years old (Roxane Mesquida), for having brought back a transitional boyfriend to the house in their shared room.
In this summer chalet, Ana? S does not escape her position as a stoic bedside observer with the depressing confusion of Elena of cheap sex with romance.
The boy in question, a sufficient Italian kid named Fernando (Libero de Notrezo) is a real work, saying that experience is a declaration of love while begging a pipe.
Ana? S receives no warmth from her largely absent parents, who join Elena to make fun of her large circumference.
She has fun wandering on the beach alone, singing songs to herself and swimming in the pool by kissing the metal balustrade and claiming that it is its parameter.
Reboux commands on the screen, but there is only a few things that a children's actress can tell pretentious monologues.
If you are inspired to save this young interpreter and place it in a better film, at least it is doing better than the other young talents requested to occur in intense love scenes that could be justified if they n'were not so dramatically erroneous.
This 83 -minute sticker is something of a horro R show, but Breillat saves his poison most mean for the very end.
On the long journey to the house punctuated by an uncomfortable silence between family members, gigantic trucks vanish as the hour is developing late.
Will mom fall asleep?
maybe .
Or maybe there is something murderous at the corner of the street, waiting to go to the big girl without mistrust.
In addition, she could even love him.
With the intention of being unfair and unpredictable, placing her heroine in the most evil corners in order to face imminent adulthood, the extreme test of Breillat of sadistic bad adhesion reveals her as a master supplier of contempt.
The big girl is a bitter pill indeed.
alias? My sister!
Screened at the 2001 New York Film Festival (to come soon).