Capsule: This super-light situation comedy by Sweden tells the story of two close friends with romantic problems.
The script in the past implies taboo subjects such as erotic toys and sexual amplifiers, but otherwise writing is not very different from what is shown for free on television.
The characters are thin of paper and the interesting ideas purely non -existent.
It is a card decreed by 90 minutes.
 , 0 (-4 to +4)
Jalla! Jalla!
is essentially an exuberant television situation comedy written instead for the large screen.
He tells the story of two park guards and the problems they find on the path of true love.
The film takes place in Sweden where Roro and Mans (Fares Fares and Torkel Petersson) are guards of a public park. Roro comes from a Lebanese family knit who controls it very closely, Mans is a Swedish from a mediummuch more liberal.
They spend most of the day in the bushes of their park, cleaning after dogs.
Roro and Mans have each of the friends, but everyone has a problem.
Roro (nicknamed "Jalla") has family problems.
It seems that his family wants to organize a wedding between him and a beautiful Lebanese woman, Yasmin (Laleh forkarim), but he is already in love with Lisa (Tuva Novotny).
Yasmin likes Roro, but does not want to get married either.
Men, however, had a problem of sexual helplessness.
The two friends are concerned about their problems and discuss problems with each other.
Mans thinks that the answer to his problem is to buy sexual amplifiers.
The only problem is that it is too shy to buy them.
Roro and Yasmin decide to give themselves time by telling families they want to get married, but then plan to break before marriage.
Not too surprising, neither finds that his idea works as he expected.
The plot runs in several places.
We quickly know that if things will work our happily for everyone, certain artifices of the plot must occur.
Josef's prices, born Lebanese who wrote and produced, is perhaps a better director that he is a writer.
When things start to become slow, he simply adds throws to another story.
For example, halfway through the film, Le Mans antagonizes innocently certain local harshs and a long prosecution is added to the film.
The characterization is a little better with Roro than with men who do not seem to have much more personality beyond the fear of losing a biological function.
We see part of Roro's family life and his concerns.
This may be due to the fact that the history of Roro is very similar to that of the director.
While the story was entertaining, I did not feel that I had something valid in the film.
It was just a way to spend about an hour and a half in my life.
We don't have to go to the movies to see entertainment like this.
I note a 4 on scale 0 to 10 and a 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.