In 1989, director Edward Zwick began his career with the powerful civil war drama, "glory", but since then he has made continuous disappointments, at least, with "Legends of the Fall" from 1994 and "CourageUnder Fire from 1996.
These two films were not bad, but not very good, but with Zwick's latest film, "The Siege", he finally made one.
 "The Siege" is a modern action thriller that focuses on terrorism that sweeps New York.
FBI Anthony Hubbard (Denzel Washington) and Frank Haddad (Tony Shalhoub) agents, who are first struck by the event, are the FBI Anthony Hubbard (Denzel Washington) and Frank Haddad (Tony Shalhoub) agents.Struck by the test when a bus in the city explodes with several innocent people.
Later, a bomb is triggered in a Broadway theater, killing even more.
They soon meet the CIA operation, Elise Kraft (Annette Bening), which could very well have the key to the identity of the Arab terrorist.
There are films that simply don't need to be made, and "The Siege" could very well be part of it.
Oh, of course, Zwick thinks he is making an "significant" action film because he has added many exhibition scenes to which the public is essentially to the reading of the horrors of terrorism, but what he hasReally done is actually no more substantial than, saying "to die hard", which also featured Bruce Willis.
This time, Willis is horribly wasted as a general of the U.S. L'Armée, which puts a martial law on NYC during the peak.
Whatever the points, "The Siege", "tried seriously to do it, was obviously lost in the translation of the page on the screen, or maybe Zwick never really had a bass to say in the first place.
The role of the Arab community is offensively stereotypical, just as women were in the recent "John Caprent's Vampires", placing them all in the category of "bad guys".
 "The Siege", contains three beautiful actors --- Washington, Bening and Shalhoub --- But Washington is stuck with a character who does not contain an ounce of even distant development.
Benging has a little more to do and has an intriguing character with whom to work, while Shalhoub flies roughly the show, even if, once again, he has no real character.
By the highest point of "The Siege", with Washington giving a sermon to Willis on the so-called "message" of the story, I had the impression of having wandered in a series of "on Deadly Ground",in which Steven Seagala delivered a 10 -minute speech at the end on the preservation of the environment.
 "The Siege" is constantly heavy, not entertaining or perceptive, and will simply prove that even the best actors cannot save a film that does not have a satisfactory scenario.