At the end of an action scene in "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider", a wall collapses near the Nubile Warrior.
With her face on the ground, she looks at the rubble, then smiles suddenly and says "Oh, my car keys!"
I mention this scene because it was the only moment of all the fucking production that made me smile.
Based on an incredibly popular video game, "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider" is a ugly film.
The structure goes like this: a badly staged action sequence, boring exhibition, a badly staged action sequence, boring exhibition, etc. and the end.
Basically, the film exists to present the swollen lips of Angelina Jolie and the improved breasts.
The close -ups are supervised, if ready to include its bazooms at a million dollars.
Race scenes highlight her bouncing breasts of vintage "baywatch" fashion.
There is even a shower scene that offers a brief side view.
But filmmakers are so inept that they cannot even properly flash the public.
The only prolonged display of nudity is - prepare for this - a guy.
For no particular reason, a muscle support character walks naked for about 30 seconds, each plan composed to barely cover his package, "Austin Powers".
Now, I appreciate a beautiful male body as much as the next gay, but what does Beefcake do in a T&A film intended for heterosexual men?
Of course, what else should we expect in a film that does practically nothing?
 "Tomb Raider" sets up developed action sets, then makes them incomprehensible with an unnecessary skipping cutting editing (a promising battle of the elastic cord is ruined by excessive cuts).
He promises a series of exotic places, then delivers cavernous sets and filthy matt paintings with a smoggy sky.
Add computer graphics to the basement and you end up with the ugliest film to lower the pike in many moons.
Intended to be a catchy "Indiana Jones" style adventure, "Tomb Raider" lacks tension.
The low point occurs when Lara is "threatened" by statues of monkeys warriors and a giant figure of Shiva with several weapons which comes to life graceful of CGI.
Easily the fartest threats that I have ever seen, creatures move like snails and disintegrate with a single pistol.
If you must be prosecuted by monsters, pray so that you get monkey warriors.
 "Tomb Raider" tells a story, in a way.
Once every 5,000 years, the planets line up.
A group of very bad men is there to find two halves of an object which, if reassembled just when the planets line up, will give them control over time itself.
Lara's goal is to stop them and save her longtime poppa (Jon Voight, the real Paule's dad).
However, none of this, because superb gaps in the internal logic guarantee that the intrigue of "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider" is as a decayer as ever another aspect of the film? Except the lips and breasts of Angelina Jolie.