Jessica Lange is one of the most incoherent actresses that work today.
From time to time, it blows the public with powerful and intense performance.
On the other hand, it was the same woman who made her breathtaking terrible debut in King Kong of Dino Delaurentiis.
And, just as Lange would probably prefer that moviegoers develop an amnesia concerning this particular entry on its curriculum vitae, from time to time, it works which recalls it, if only in quality.
Hush is an example.
Lange is so bad here that she could have been fun to watch if the rest of the film was not an excellent example of a cinematographic film.
The film opens, like many so-called "psychological thrillers", pretending to be a light drama.
We are presented in Jackson (Johnathon Schaech, last meeting in Tom Hanks that you do!) And Helen (Gwyneth Paltrow), a perfect young couple who is very in love.
Jackson brings Helen back at home for the holidays so that she can meet her mother, Martha (Lange).
As I saw Martha for the first time, I started looking for fangs.
Soon, the wicked witch in the East plots a way for her son to put Helen pregnant (this implies searching a hole in a diaphragm).
Once this goal is reached, she manipulates events so that the couple waiting left from New York to the equestrian farm where she lives.
As long as she arrives, Martha is a perfectly friendly person, but when Helen defies her, it is a declaration of war.
Hush has three very simple problems: it's incredibly stupid, it's incredibly boring, and it's incredibly predictable (at least until the astonishing end).
This film has absolutely nothing to recommend it, with the exception of some beautiful plans of snow -capped fields and a quick overview of the naked buttocks of Gwyneth Paltrow.
Frankly, it is embarrassing to look at a respected actress of the stature of Lange gives a performance like this - it is like a bad white Dubois (the role she played in a television version in 1995 of a tramwaynamed desire).
Meanwhile, Paltrow does his best to pass through his dialogue without clogging the stupidity of some of his lines, and Schaech tries a passable imitation of an inanimate object.
As in all psychological thrillers, the lines of battle are clearly traced.
Here, it's mom and against his wife, with Jackson caught in the middle.
Of course, as the character of Schaech is poorly developed and serious, it is impossible to say what he thinks of being in this situation.
Maybe someone should ask him if he knows Oedipus.
Martha is, of course, the bad.
How do we know she's bad?
She smokes cigarettes and drinks hard alcohol - two safe signs that the devil is at work.
On the other hand, Helen is a good girl.
The proof is that she is kind to the old ladies and treasures a medallion with a photo of her dead parents.
That's almost everything for the development of the character.
Beyond this moment, Hush is only a series of coincidences, artifices and twists and turns of the intrigue increasingly difficult to swallow.
However, the first 85 minutes are just a warm -up for the end, which is as anticlimitative as deeply unsatisfactory.
I cannot imagine anyone, no matter what they thought of the film as a whole, loving this conclusion.
Either there was a serious last minute edition, or someone left a few pages of the script aside.
Before the highest point, I did not like silence; when the end credits started, I hated that.
Viewers invest something in each film they watch, no matter how good or bad.
Deceive them as it is offensive and unforgivable.
Most entries in this worn and eaten genre are not particularly good.
Films like consenting adults, the hand that shakes the cradle and the single white woman rely on plots of stock and predictable twists to propel the story.
In general, however, they are directed with a degree of competence that ensures s a sustained voltage level.
This is not the case with very bad thrillers like this, which do not even generate momentary cardiac palpitation - the characters are too bland and the intrigue is not too little involved for anyone in the public to be ablecare.
Indeed, the title of this film probably refers to what the producers hope that viewers will do instead of telling their friends what they really think of this sorry of Celluloid.