My first press screening in 1998 and already I got a main candidate for my worst list of ten of the year.
What a beginning of a good omen!
Welcome to winter dog days when the only openings of merit films are these Oscar contenders that the studios opened in late December in New York and L.A. And which are just beginning to appear elsewhere.
FireTorm, the beginnings of director of Dances with the director of award -winning photography at the Wolves Oscars, Dean Semler, is the first in the collection of new year films.
While our story opens, the film informs us pretentious that out of the tens of thousands of firefighters only 400 are "smokejumpers".
We then cut a leaping cowboys and a cowgirl aircraft load, where one of the guys GUNG-HO takes a romantic quiz from "Cosmopolitan".
Having time for their lives, they then jump in the middle of a forest on fire.
When, even at the beginning, the director cannot get the small pieces, you can feel that the film is in difficulty.
With noisy fire roaring all around them and with people trapped huddles near their cars filled with petrol, Smokejumper Monica (Christianne Hirt) tells them to move away from their vehicles soon explosive.
Not causing herself to shout or even get closer to them, she announces her warning without raising her voice a lot or approaching the people.
Miraculously, they manage to hear it and move away.
In a film specializing in cheap plans, the camera locates the proverbial girl trapped in a nearby fire building.
As he does throughout, the director of too dramatic photography Stephen F. Windon of the factor uses extremely fast zooms to the face of the endangered girl.
The two heroes of our show, the head of the crew, Wynt Perkins, played laconically by Scott Glenn, and his second command, Jesse Graves, played by Howie Long in a weak attempt to be the next Steven Seagal, enters intoThe house on fire in search of the house in feula little girl.
In panic, they find it difficult to locate it before they are swallowed up in flames.
The manipulative script hidden it in its own doll house.
This Mawkish show returns to Monica, who has a decision to make life or death.
The helicopter with fireproof chemicals is enough to save a group.
Will it be the large group near cars or the defenseless little girl and the two friends to fight monica fire?
She only has a few seconds to decide who will be saved.
Yes, it goes for the majority, but, a miracle of miracles, the other three come out anyway.
Not content with a traditional story to fight fire, the script of Chris Soth tries jazz by having William Forsythe of Palokaville play a vicious killer named Randy Earl Shaye who establishes a forest fire so that he can joinThe crew to turn it off and then escape.
 ("Capons in the woods", this is what "pulsers on the ground" cry when the condemned are led to help them fight against fire.)
Along the way, Shaye picks up a hostage of ornithologist played by Suzy Friends, who turned out to have been trained in Warrior Way by his father, who was an instructor of marine drilling.
Most of the highly predictable film is a long pursuit in which poor Howie Long receives a ridiculous blow after the other to look silly.
He launches a chain saw back above his head while driving a motorcycle at speed so that the saw can hit the windshield of the prosecution truck.
It can be argued that the low point is when it escapes from a burned burning building by driving a motorcycle in a practical way inside.
Using a ramp, it draws directly from the top of the attic of the building, and when it touches the floor, it goes out in a cloud of dust.
When the film does not use the original sequences of real forest fires, the simulated looks hokey.
The editor -in -chief Jack Hofstra further exceeds the action by using burning flames in stage transitions.
The end, with its sick twists, manages to be even worse than the rest of the movie .
Maybe the best that can be said for the photo is the slight praise that I heard later in the hall: "It's not as bad as some television sitcoms."
FireTorm works with fortunately 1: 29.
It is assessed for violence and language and would be acceptable to adolescents.