I suppose that if a very wild baccalaureate party had really turned badly, there would be broken furniture, traces of snap and cocaine on the floor and a dead prostitute in the bathroom.
I suppose that if a film had also been very bad, there could be the same elements present.
coincidence?
Poor Kyle (a Jon Favreau with a soft air) ... He is about to marry his radiant fiancée, Laura (Cameron Diaz).
But before exchanging his wishes, he launched in Las Vegas with his friends for a last eruption.
But this baccalaureate celebration went as badly as possible.
The prostitute met a horrible, although accidental death, and the drugs are everywhere.
The five friends are suitable that there are enough evidence here which will send them to prison for a very long time.
A surprisingly calm Robert Boyd (Christian Slater), who seems to have been prepared for making harmful decisions, thinks about their dilemma for a few minutes before deciding that the best thing to do is to bury the body in thedesert where it will never be which.
Although they liked the horrible act of getting rid of the body (which also involves dismantling the body using electric saws in order to stuff it in suitcases), when they come back from their trip, guilt and theParanoia are starting to put themselves in which certainly consume certain five friends.
One is Adam (Daniel Stern), he becomes more and more agitated.
Whenever people watch his van or each time a cop looks at his way, his blood pressure increases.
Or it can be because of his dysfunctional family.
Another is Michael, who was actually responsible for his death.
He tries to bury his feelings, but the burden of guilt also begins to affect his judgment.
Boyd is the group's? Doer '.
Apparently suffering from a long psychosis, when he has the impression that his secret is about to be exposed, he is likely to take extreme measures to cover his traces.
Kyle just hopes that her marriage will be up to the demanding expectations of Laura.
Then there is Moore (Leland Orser) who speaks 5 lines and walks with a perplexed look at his face.
The problem with this reprehensible film is that he wants to be a cruel comedy, but it presents things in a way that is simply not funny.
Drugs, mutilations and killing your own friends are not something to laugh.
As a right psychological drama, I could see how it could have worked, because everyone tried to maneuver and overcome the weight of their own guilt by sometimes.
But this film insults us by assuming that we could simply eliminate our values for 2 hours.
If you like this film, I don't think I want to know you.
I found Slater a convincing leader who swings his friends to choose not the right thing but the? Smart game. '
And Diaz adds a certain light to this film as a fiancée who needs marriage.
But his talents are mainly wasted here.
It is obvious that the filmmaker tries to hit a certain tone.
But the way he chooses to do is tasteless.
Do not make a very bad decision when seeing this film.