The feeling of swirling patients struck me a few minutes from "Heartbreakers".
The character of Ray Liotta was done with his secretary when his new wife hit the door of his office.
While rushing to recover, he shouted frantically: "Just wait for a sex? Er, I mean dry!"
I was struck by a wave of revulsion, thinking: "Geez, the lines like this died when" was Three 'company "was canceled?""
In the coming minutes, while barely double hearing and persistent neckline shots became more, I realized that the state of mind behind "Heartbreakers" preceded the "Three company".
Suddenly, I had an experience out of the body while my internal back machine swept me away in the mid -1960s.
Throughout America, the counter-culture pushed like forest fires, but there was little evidence of it on television.
While young people defying traditional values in the street, frustrated teenagers like me were stuck at home, shunned while our parents enjoyed the last special of Bob Hope.
Women in lean swimsuits closed on the screen while Hope made growing noises and raised their breasts.
On another channel, Dean Martin made Wisecracks about "Booze and Broads" and Peter Lawford, adorned with love pearls and a Nehru jacket, purred the suggestive lines while he was eyeing the go-go dancers.
Adults laughed and laughed.
 "Heartbreakers" starts again from this stagnant mentality, of her persistent plans of Jennifer Love Hewitt Vah-Vah-Foom of the breasts to her lead scenario, which depicts women like haughty pylles and men drooling buffoons too obsessed with too obsessedby sex to realize that they are manipulated.
In addition to Liotta and Hewitt, the cast includes Sigourney Weaver, Gene Hackman, Jason Lee, Nora Dunn and Anne Bancroft.
I cannot imagine what attracted artists from their caliber to this project.
Perhaps they thought it was a parody of the sneering sexual comedies of the 60s.
If this is the case, they unfortunately have mistaken.
The story revolves around a mother-daughter con-team.
He opens with Max's wedding (Weaver) in Dean (Liotta), a New Jersey Cup store operator.
Having retained sex to the honeymoon, Max pretended to pass out on the evening of their wedding.
The next morning, she fell the disease, sending a dean very excited to the office, where he finds himself in the arms of his new secretary.
Just as both are about to become physical, Max bursts into the room and grabs them.
The "horrified" bride dissolves the union, collecting a healthy cash regulations along the way.
Of course, the secretary was really her girl page (Hewitt) and everything was a configuration.
Women move on, but an IRS (Bancroft) agent catches up with them and demands a huge amount of money to cover unpaid taxes.
In a desperate need for funds, Max and Page go to Palm Beach to replay the scam.
Their mark this time is William B.Tensy (Hackman, in hideous makeup), a decrepit magnate of tobacco obsessed with smoking joys.
Max begins to put the game in action, but page is so pushed by the old man (and angry with his mom) that she slips to promulgate her own score, targeting Jack, a young beach bar owner who is worth afortune.
Complications arise when page realizes that Jack in a good mood stirred real emotions in his little steel heart.
As if that were not enough, Dean reappears on the scene with revenge on his mind.
The attempt to weld a romance on a caper comedy only served to remind me of the "infinitely superior fish" a fish called Wanda ".
I don't bother to compare both.
It is enough to say that everything that is well done in "Wanda" is badly done here.
 "Heartbreakers" is soulless, inept and, 123 minutes, at least half an hour too much.
Sigourney Weaver and Jennifer Love Hewitt throw themselves into their games, but have nowhere to go with the metal characters.
Gene Hackman is completely wasted in a party to a note from a note that makes him Ng than smoking, cough and rhapsodic wax on smoking and sex.
Poor Jason Lee is stuck in the role of engine and the normally charismatic actor is simply bland.
Ray Liotta manages to squeeze a little bit of humanity and humor in his cliché de Marche?, But only a little.
The low point of the film has a weaver which uses a Russian accent bad enough to make Boris and Natasha grimacate, while making slapsticks half seated with a broken penis of a statue.
Keep in mind, however, that it is only the worst segment of a film made up of low points.
If you remember Bob Hope Specials with tenderness, it could be your cup of tea.
As for me, I will watch "a fish called Wanda" now and try to forget that I have never seen "Heartbreakers".