Drew Barrymore begins to wedge the market by playing the girl outside - the one who is clumsy Klutz or Spunky DIY; the one who simply does not integrate with the others.
She perfected these characters in films such as "The Wedding Singer" and, in particular, "Ever After".
Now she is back, with what could be called a modern Cinderella fable - "never been kissed".
You know it is a fable because it plays a copy publisher in a newspaper that has its own office as well as a secretary.
Believe me on this one, no copy publisher has seen the interior of a private office since Gutenberg (and I don't want to say that Steve) invented the press to print.
The premise is simple.
Josie Geller de Barrymore, at 25, the youngest copy publisher ever hired by the Chicago Sun-Totes, is responsible for going under cover and returning to high school to do an exhibition on what teenagers todayfeel and do.
Josie (she says she was named after the cartoon character from the 70s) was a geek in high school, so she jumps for a second chance.
This time, she thinks, she will do things well and will be accepted by the crowd.
Now, what a kind of adult - with a good job and a successful career - would really look forward to reliving the hell that was - and is - high school and adolescence.
It is among the many problems that afflict "have never been kissed".
The writers Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein cannot understand Josie.
Their script makes him go caprifying the adult confident to Ditzy, playing a child of the woman at the slightest provocation.
And the fact that an adult would put as much stock to try to become tight with the Airheads Vapid who are supposed to be the most popular girls of the South Glen High School leads you to question her maturity and mental stability.
OK, so "Never Been Kissed" is not a sociological presentation of the school scene today.
However, certain rules should apply to the film, and one of them is the consistency of the character.
Among the problems of the film, there is poorly designed vanity that Josie would seriously endeavor to climb the food chain of the school and, in doing so, would focus on his mission.
Any competent editor would have thrown his ass through the door faster than you could say "to rewrite".
To be fair, Barrymore is very attractive, but she has very few things with which to work with.
She valiantly tries to get a firm grip on her character, but the script continuously undermines it.
Barrymore stands out best in the aspects of physical comedy of the script in which she tries to walk, speak and act as a cool and trendy high school student.
Otherwise, it is left in foundation on a sea shot of stereotypes and adolescent situations.
 "Never Bed Bissed" is entertaining and funny in adjustments and departures.
He lacks consistency and a good understanding of what she wants to accomplish.
The main positive point of the film is provided by Leelee Sobieski as Aldys, the stranger who befriends the new student Josie.
Josie sees a large part of his old self in Aldys, but always abandons her to spend time with popular girls.
Really mature.
And this is the main deficiency with "never been kissed".
It is illogical, unrealistic, uneven and inexpensive.
He has warm and humorous places, but not enough to overcome his many obstacles.