I heard the actor Skeet Ulrich discuss this film in a few interviews, and in both cases, he felt the strange constraint to compare him with a small series of films entitled Lethal Weapon.
Now, I personally remember these films like A) featuring a large movie star b) being funny c) Having large action sequences d) great chemistry e) Decent character development.
Hmmm .... Okay ... Now, on my Chill Factor exam.
Land: A work truck work and regularly ice cream truck is regular on a malicious plan by a former army general, to propose a nuclear device to international prospects.
When the device suddenly falls into their reluctant towers, they must keep it cool on the ice and precipitate it towards an army base, before the machine no longer checks 50 degrees Fahrenheit and kills millions of people.
Criticism: "Speed on Ice-Cream Truck" is probably the field that was used to sell this film in a tone at its cinema donors, is in its honor distinct to be the full opposite of what this film, andMortal weapons films defended.
This film is seasoned in shots, with a lot of badly written dialogue, above, acting by Cuba Gooding Jr., zero chemistry between the two tracks, and horribly sticky villains, launched to complete a global recipe for bad film.
My friend and I liked to watch this film to a certain extent, because some of the lines were so bad and obviously "written", that we just had to sneak.
That, and the film's script formula that followed the Proverbial 1-2-, and you guessed it ... 3 scenario!
And what about all these catchy names and the hip to make us understand the characters .... "Elvis"
And "Nighhift", oh what a talent lies in the minds of these writers (and yes, it took two guys to find this regurgity raid).
It is unfathomable for me how the actors Skeet Ulrich and Cuba Gooding Jr. I got involved in this a week-old Bleu-Froise rescue project.
Did they actually think that it would stimulate their career, or did he know that the script was zero, but reduced any fall in grace, knowing very well that the silver pile in their rear pockets would fall?
Most likely the latter.
Have you seen a leak or balloon balls?
Well, despite the slight differences in parcel, the essential elements are fundamentally the same here.
You get a black guy and a white to continue a lot of people, having no other choice than to work together to get somewhere, hating yourself at first, but over time, to learn to respect yourselfeach other as an individual.
yawn .
Add to that, the fact that our film actually has bad guys who are all dressed in blacks, lead black cars and black vans and run with all kinds of telecommunicative devices sprinkled around their heads.
Not too visible, huh?
Call me a reveler, but as much as I like a nice cheezy film as much as the next guy, this film does not even try to do anything original or reasonably entertaining.
A cool scene with a crawling boat on a mountainside, and another with a nuclear apparatus erase everything on an island, do not make a fun and agricultural film.
Show Cuba the money, everyone!
 :)
Facts little known on this film and its stars: it is not a fact or anything, but damn, is it just me or skeet ulrich is very similar to the actor of the ear JohnnyDepp?
Skeet's real nicknames include Chester, Skeeter and Mosquito.
It is 6'1 ", was born in North Carolina and married in 1997 with this actress sexual kitten of Piy Pigeons (7. 5/10),
Georgina Cates.
They have a farm together in Virginia and seven dogs.
Skeet has a long scar on his chest of open heart surgery performed at the age of 10 to correct a ventricle defect.
THAT Tor Cuba Gooding JR. Be born in the Bronx, New York.
In 1984, he danced the closing ceremonies of the Olympic Games in Los Angeles.
It is 5'10 ".
Actress Hudson Leick, who plays one of the "bad guys" in her film, is better known to her role as "Callisto" in the popular television series "Xena: Princess Warrior".
Would this film have had a budget of $ 40 million ??
I don't know exactly where all this money went, but he certainly did not register on the screen.
Interestingly, director Hugh Johnson, who made his debut on the big screen with this film, was the director of photography of the film White Squall of 1996 and the vehicle Demi Moore 1997, G.Je.
Jane (6. 5/10).