Absurd religious action film (produced by the Trinity Broadcasting Network) on a code hidden in the text of the Bible which, when deciphered, will lead to the end of the world (Nice of these authors of the Bible to put a codeDoomsday in the most read book of all the Tempseh?).
Michael York plays a millionaire diplomat who breaks the code and maintains to become God on earth and fulfill the apocalyptic prophecies, while Casper van Dien (terribly poorly hidden and giving a horrible performance accordingly) plays the atheist motivating speaker who must stop him.
Michael Ironside (great as always, despite the silly film around him) plays a fell priest and a straight man to the character of Michael York.
Here is a subtle development of character that you may have missed concerning the character of Ironside.
Now, despite the fact that we see him assassinating a man on the opening scene, the filmmakers do not know too much if their audience will understand that he is bad.
How do they repair this?
Make specific efforts to show that his character is the only one in the film to smoke!
There are many worrying plans of smoking at Michael Ironside ...
frightening oooooo.
But even it was not enough for the filmmakers apparently, because they must later deduce that the character of Ironside is gay!
He comes out of nowhere and makes no sense.
My main problem with this film is that, despite the silly story (which could have been removed ....
Everything can be made credible if it is executed properly), the events of the film are not shown with a sense of emergency or importance.
For example, at some point, the character of York is declared chancellor of the world or something, and we see a brief report on cheese on this subject.
The film keeps telling us that the apocalypse is coming, but that never seems like this.
There is no "reaction from the world" to anything.
The Omega code is available on DVD from the video of Goodtimes Home.
It contains the film in the original theatrical aspect report of 1.85: 1, and includes the original theatrical trailer, a documentary on the production of the film, production notes and information on the actors and the crew.
The documentary lasts about 25 minutes and is actually surprisingly good (it seems that it was done to broadcast on TBN), and it does a complete work of interviews practically everyone in the distribution and the team (at the'Exception by Michael Ironside, unfortunately).
The best thing about this is that whenever crew members are interviewed, they do an excellent job to explain their profession and exactly what they do on a movie set.
Most documentaries tend to ignore this.
Doomsday Hal Lindsey expert is even interviewed (you will remember his 1970s documentary entitled The Late Great Planet Earth, where Lindsey hypothesized that Jimmy Carter could actually be the Antichrist).
However, at the very beginning of the documentary, the producers of the film managed to put themselves on my bad side.
When questioned, they have the cheek to say "Never see raiders of the lost arch?
Well, our film is like that! "
No it is not.
Not by a long time.
[PG-13]