M .nice Guy is Jackie Chan's latest film, so you should know what to expect.
A weak plot, a terrible dialogue, very little acting capacity, but certain breathtaking action sequences which are almost worth the rest.
However, Mr. nice guy does not have the brilliance of Jackie's best efforts, and his weaknesses are more blatant than ever.
Jackie Chan plays, who else, Jackie.
This time, it is a famous chef who organizes an Australian cuisine show.
Not that it makes a difference in the plot.
There are only two scenes from his kitchen.
For the rest of the film, he sort of puts in Jackie Chan, Supercop.
This never explains why his character has such superb skills in martial arts ... Perhaps he was in the same cooking class as Steven Seagal in Under Siege?
A television on television, Diana (Gabrielle Fitzpatrick), secretly records drug trafficking involving Kingpin Giancarlo (Richard Norton) and a local hard gang, demons.
Although it has only one camcorder, the result is full of close -ups and multiple angles ... Hmmm,
Shades of Broadcast News ???
Anyway, the henchmen discover Diana and will do everything to recover the band.
Here is another crucial defect in the story: nobody realizes that you can copy a band?
Well, no one has ever said that Jackie Chan's films should have made sense.
Luckily, Diana crosses Jackie and, don't know him, Jackie accidentally finds himself with the band.
This leads to countless hunting and / or combat scenes that seem to have been withdrawn from Rumble in the Bronx or almost any other film by Jackie Chan.
In a movement apparently designed to court the American public (and other English speakers), the film uses English as the main language.
However, this does not mean the end of excruciating dubbing that afflicted the recent Americanized jackie outings.
Strangely, many characters who speak English are overwhelmed with English, and bad too.
Whether it is a very bad case of a loop, an effort to minimize accents or a simple case of nostalgia, it reaches the same level of distraction present in all the dubbed films of Jackie.
The intrigue in Mr. The nice guy is negligible, simply an excuse to have Jackie on the run of various henchmen.
But even if the plots have always been in second position in the action in Jackie's films, it seems strange that the filmmakers stuck to us with this tired recutation.
Look, if you have Jackie Chan who plays a chef, why not use it to your advantage?
Looking at Jackie doing her business in a kitchen, beat the bad guys with foodstuffs looks like a perfect configuration for countless comic waterfalls.
Action is a mixed bag here.
There is really only one without retained combat scenes that have become the trademark of Jackie's films.
It takes place in the arbitrary site of a construction site, apparently for the sole reason that there are many clever things that can be useful Ala Jackie Chan.
The action in the film is neither the best nor the worst of Jackie, but you aspire to a little more inspiration in the scenes.
The free use by the film of the idle is distracting.
Once or twice, it may be useful to highlight a spectacular waterfall sequence.
But to Slo-Mo Jackie Run?
Either it is a nod to the man of six million dollars, or a pathetic attempt to disguise the fact that Jackie could slow down.
If you've seen all Jackie's movies and need another correction, go for it and see Mr. Gentil Mec.
However, if you're just in a mood for a good action, you better hit the video store for part of your best work, like Supercop.