These are films like these who make a jaded film spectator grateful for the invention of the Timex Indiglo watch.
Based on the television show of the late 1960s of the same name, the Squad Mod tells the story of three reformed criminals under the employment of the police to go under cover.
However, things go wrong as the evidence is stolen and they are immediately suspected.
Of course, advertisements give much more to that.
Quick cuts, cool music, pretty bright dane hair and cute outfits, car prosecution, explosive things, etc.
It looks like a cool movie, isn't it?
After the first fifteen minutes, it quickly becomes obvious that this is not the case.
The Squad mod is certainly a smooth production, with beautiful hair and costumes, but it is simply not enough.
The film is better described as a cross between an hour -long cop show and a video clip, both extended to an hour and a half.
And with it comes every cliché?.
It does not matter that the film is based on a television program, because most of the elements of the plot have been recycled from everything we have already seen.
The characters and the game are not spectacular, sometimes even on the edge of wood.
Claire Danes and Omar Epps deliver their lines as if they were bored, which is really transferred to the public.
The only one to escape relatively unscathed is Giovanni Ribisi, who plays the crazy madman, being ultimately the only thing that deserves to be looked at.
Unfortunately, even it is not enough to save this convoluted mess, because all the characters do not do much apart from the screen time.
With young actors, cool clothes, beautiful hair and hip soundtrack, it seems that the film is oriented towards the state of mind of adolescents.
Despite an American note "R" (which the content does not justify), the film is far too juvenile for the older mentality.
The information on the characters is literally nourished with the spoon to the public (would it be so difficult to show us instead of telling us?), The dialogue is badly written and the intrigue is extremely predictable.
The way the film progresses, you probably don't even worry that the heroes are in danger, because you will know that they are not.
Base the show in a television program from the 1960s that no one remembers a dubious wisdom, especially when you consider the target audience and the fact that the number of memorable films based on television shows can be countedOne part (even one that lacks an oudeux finger).
The number of times I have checked my watch (six) is a clear indication that this film is not part of it.
It is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to take advantage of the adolescent expenditure dollar, judging by the such eruption of very horrible warnings that we have considered in recent times.
Avoid this film at all costs.