These days, we are witnessing the flood of films based on old cult television programs.
Most of the time, fans of these shows shiver what Hollywood hacks could do with the memories of their past.
But, about five or six years ago, there were not as many films and the trend did not seem so depressing.
Thus, people who, like the author of this criticism, grew up looking at Flontstones, a popular animated series of the 1960s on the "Modern Stone Age" family, were not particularly worried when the word came live.
After all, the producer behind the project was Steven Spielberg and, if something else, at least the special effects would be good.
The intrigue turns on Flontones, a family located in the fictitious "city" of the rocky age of rocky substratum, whose members appreciate the lifestyle of America in the middle class of the 1950s.
Fred Flinstone (John Goodman) works in the career, and one day, he helps his best friend and neighbor Barney Robble (Rick Moranis) and his wife Betty (Rosie O'Donnell) to adopt a baby.
To make the same, Barney changes its results from the aptitude test with Fred, and, on the basis of this, Fred obtains a well -paid work in management.
But, of course, it is only an official corrupted cliff Vandercave (Kyle Maclachlan) and his sensual sensual sensual sensual (Halle Berry) needs a scapegoat for their program of embezzlement.
In the meantime, Fred's wife, Wilma (Elizabeth Perkins), must face his mother (Elizabeth Taylor) who does not support Fred.
On the superficial level, the guns have done the excellent job by giving life to the animated series.
IT effects are impeccable and costumes, settings and other details are authentic for all fans of the show.
Unfortunately, the problems with this film start with an inadequate cast - Rick Moranis is too thin for the role of Barney, while the cartoon Betty was much leaner than Rosie O'Donnell.
But the biggest problem of all is the plot, or to be precise, the lack of conspiracy.
Thirty screenwriters have assured that the intrigue of the film is a lame, unidimensional original characters, and many elements of history, such as the embezzlement and inter-office policy, totally incomprehensible for small children, themain target audience of this film.
The result is almost inaccessible, sometimes saved mainly by an excellent game (Elizabeth Perkins was just on Mark like Wilma) and one of the classic examples of deadly Hollywood disease known as "High Concept".
After a major media threw, the film quickly sank into Oblivion and fans of the show returned to the animated version.
Overall, the film is not so bad, but only hard fans and nostalgic can find more than guilty pleasure.