This is an adaptation of H.G. The acclaimed novel by Wells "The Invisible Man".
The actors are Kevin Beacon and Elizabeth Shue.
The director is Paul Verhoven.
This, the faster demonstration of incredible special effects in the trailer should be enough to attract us to the theater.
The problem is to keep us there.
I can't imagine someone who would like to see this film a second time.
Working on a top secret military project, Sebastian Caine (Kevin Beacon) - an eccentric genius, who calls herself "God", discovered the secret of invisibility.
The first two faces are over.
Now it's time for "the next logical step" - human.
Caine volunteers for this risky experience.
But when it is made invisible, something is wrong.
While his ex-girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) desperately tries to find something to bring him back to normal, he learns that invisibility is more a prison than a superpower.
But it is not the bad thing - an unexpected side effect of the drug sends it from caricature in paranoid megalomania.
He naturally receives some modest superpowers, just enough for him to survive the immolation of a flame launcher and an explosion of about a liter of nitroglycerin.
Soon, each feeling of decency is forgotten.
The little intelligence that has been left disappears while Verhoven loses control and the film turns into an extraterrestrial shore, where Caine walks like a half -finished, scary, scary terminator and killing everyone.
Although it is based on a novel entitled "The Invisible Man", the title was ironically changed into "Hollow Man" which sums up the film very well.
It is a very stupid production.
Risible, in fact.
Apparently, Verhoven's imagination does not extend too far.
For him, the only valid reason to become invisible is that you can underline the locker rooms of unteashed girls.
It is this primitive mentality of schoolchildren who ends up killing the film.
Being invisible gives you the opportunity to be who you are, to do what you want without being influenced by society.
In many ways, this gives you the illusion of having a life without consequences.
The nature of man and his place in society is what the novel is really.
All this, the depth and the real horror of the book have disappeared and only the special effects make you stay for you.
Caine uses his voyeuristic power in Hollow Man.
But as it is a modernization, in other words a dehumanization, it does not stop there.
He becomes rapist.
And then, of course, a murderer.
You will start to ask yourself why actors such as Beacon and Shue found themselves in such a film.
The talent of Shue is barely seen, Josh Brolin is underused and the rest of the distribution suffers mainly from the lack of talent.
Kevin Beacon is the only one that occurs gracefully.
His face is not seen for most of the film, and the only way there is a disembodied voice.
There are times when his presence really saves the film to be completely embarrassing.
In the end, the effects are the only reason to see this film in the first place.
Being probably the best technical realization since "Jurassic Park", they are absolutely incredible.
We observe the layers of skin, muscle, tissue and bones peelled because a body is slowly made invisible.
We see a beating heart, swollen lungs and veins pulling with newly pumped blood.
There are some inventive photos with smoke, fire, air and water, but some scenes like this are worth a film?
What is really disturbing is that with a big book, talented actors and a big budget, it could have been much more.
About Jan de Bont ("Twister", "haunting"), Paul Verhoven has never done anything extraordinary.
He was responsible for several good films ("Basic Instinct" and "Starship Troopers)" and some incredibly bad films ("Showgirls", "Total reminder"), BUR He never did anything great.
In a way, "Hollow Man" fits perfectly into this collection.
It is neither better nor worse than Verhoven's average film.
He proves once again that he is unable to manage more complex problems.
And so, instead of depth and chills, Verhoven inserts some of its marks: stupid dialogue, and a lot of boring action with blood and bare bodies.
He even throws in some of the worst clichés? S - the fire ball which advances slowly, the bad thing that comes back from the dead, etc., etc.- and surmounts everything with one of the most ridiculous ends of the year (You will scream "Nooooo!"
And try to run towards the idle exit).
And all we can ask is why?
The answer is simple.
Although Hollywood is a film to produce the film, the Movimaking company must concern something more than money.
It must be a question of telling stories, not to market them.
It must be to transport us in a different place, to dazzle us with magic and intelligence.
To be careful, to make us think and feel.
Verhoven obviously missed this point and this film is proof of this.
Everything is flesh and bones, but no soul.
An emptiness where his imagination should be.