When criticisms attack apparently well-intentioned films like Patch Adams or, more recently, pay it forward as I am about to do, their opinions are often welcomed by an angry e-mail reaction, sometimes even threatsof the simulated death of those who (I suppose) like to be manipulated shamelessly by their entertainment.
Even politicians (!)
tend to reject cinema criticism as heartless cynics to occasionally pour films in good heart while praising "dirty" like Pulp Fiction.
These [filling of the derogatory term with which you are comfortable] tend to forget that the work of a film critic is to review the film, not to the message, as sweet and endearing as this message is.
Thus, Patch Adams is not a bad film because it is a doctor who cares about his patients; it is a bad film because it is a calculated piece of exploitation of the cheeky public.
Likewise, while Pay it Forward can have his heart in the right place (although I even doubt that, stay attentive, an explanation is to come), it is always an unpleasant disorder.
The image concerns a 5th year history teacher kept emotionally kept (a Kevin Spacey somewhat kept in the same way), with a frightened face and an equally mined attitude, which gives his class apparently impossible to doOne thing during the semester that covers the world.
Trevor, 12 years old (Haley Joel Osmet), a Disneyfied do gooder who takes care of his alcoholic mother (Helen Hunt), offers the concept of paying it; this implies a person who does a good deed (call it a favor Uber) forThree others, then telling him to do the same for three others and little time we all live in a film by Frank Capra.
Meanwhile, in a parallel story, a Weasely journalist (Jay Mohr) follows the "movement" that has apparently started to grow.
Paying the payment has strange ideas in the tone; at certain times, it gives us a handful of useless cynicism as if it would be the appropriate antidote to the incessant sandpaper to his heart.
It is as if director Mimi Leder did not have the confidence necessary to make him pay as she wanted, and compromised for fear that her film is not "courageous" enough to win the acclamation for which she wasclearly made.
Thus, the image adds grain (a child attacker About Trevor proposals, a homeless returns to the heroine after being "saved", a character is cut while doing a good action, etc.) Well wellthat it seems superficial, incorporated into the procedure because the film itself is not I don't know if it is ready to join its own utopian blather.
Pay it Forward offers elements of "pleasant crowd" for the general public; the umpteenth variation of Jay Mohr on the Waspy Sleazeball, the Woman of the Earthly alcoholic bag of Angie Dickinson and the "Jive-Talking black rogue with a heart of'Now "(coming to the healing of black, from God embodied by Gabriel Casseus in the unleashing, this can be the beginning of a brand new guilty white photo photo?
Hourra for Hollywood) who calls the character of Mohr a "nigga" and says things like "can you feel me?"
Let him pay to cheerfully include a small act of Ménestrel for our other pleasure.
 (Maybe Spike's film was not so wrong after all).
These scenes have the impression of belonging to a Dopey comedy with well-being aspirations rather than irritating saccharin drama in which you will find yourself trapped if you cannot find my warnings.
Although the filmmakers have stressed in the interviews they really hope that it is a film that could make the world better, for me, the final product with the oily sensation of a cynical politician reciting with contempt of cookie slogans forAn audience full of hope.
It is an image that seems to be tailor -made for the consideration of the academy, with the main actors (all the winners or nominated in previous Oscars) given large emotional scenes which are practically variations on their most rented turns.
A scene in which a SLI Ghtly Helen Hunt's glame (Glambée here means that not only is a fashion victim [her look is somewhere between Goth Queen and Trailer Park Mama], but Hunt's hair is also Natty and Graved'elle so goodthat this Oscar clip.
Spacey, of course, responds in its cultivated monotonous, which could be directly from its low American beauty performance.
Perhaps the actor should receive a prize to be the least consciously irritating; but how cannot he, even when he emotional Spacey seems to somehow protected by ironic indifference.
Helen Hunt, generally talented, is the worst offender.
In an atrocious affected by an angel moment, that hunting slaps Osmet, immediately covering its mouth with the guilty hand in the same blow, and with this hand always on this mouth, it actually begins convulcing (really dry relief), then (And I '' I don't invent that) she rushes towards the kitchen which tears the place in a frantic search for alcohol.
The scene is so hokey that it could almost be interpreted as a parody of TV tours hackneyed; everything is very theatrical, in particular the performance of Hunt, which looks like a pathetic plea at the Academy for another Oscar.
Pay it Forward has the questionable distinction of being a film that could be used as an argument to explain why the actors should not obtain Academy prices.
The image claims without knowing it that the Oscars transform nuanced talents into overworked expressionists.
Even Haley Joel Osemt, the prodigy who was nominated for an Oscars for his unrefreed performance in the sixth sense, seems more confronted with his expressions and his inflections.
His game has become wider, less intimate; it is as if we can distinguish the thoughts of Petit Munchkin: "Boy this Outta Floor Em".
Naturally, Osmet is designed to play one of these children only in the films, a figure of martyr who cleans after his mother, gives him conferences on the ailments of alcohol consumption, and even corrects it to a rendezvousYou with his intellectual teacher.
It does not matter that the two cannot be more different; his mother is Dopey's trailer, and the professor is one of these intellectuals of Dennis Miller-Ey who hides his insecurity behind a vast vocabulary.
Nevertheless, this little nudnik does everything possible to bring the pair in a scene that recalls the narrowness of Cornball of the parents.
But oh as we like brilliant, articulated and self-sacrificing children who collect adults by their boots and guide them through life.
They are so adorable.
Of course, the blame cannot all be hoisted on the actors (although except for the small child, they should probably have better known), instead, the weight should be transmitted to Mimi Leder, who hasDirected one of the most exciting episodes of ER, then made two horrible films in a row.
The first being the peacemaker, a George Clooney vehicle without cold without cold, and Deep Impact, one of the two films of 1998 to waste the premise of the possible disappearance of the earth by a crazy meteorite.
The first film was sunk by an excessive dependence on the cliché, and a complete absence of any type of emotional involvement, not helped by an end which was in fact centered on the diffusion of a complete delay bomb with a readingdigital (apparently present for an invisible audience).
Deep Impact has more in common with Pay it Forward; it is a film that deals with the imminent destruction of the earth in terribly simplistic terms, completely ignoring the ravages which would obviously have if the world believed that its planet would be a goner in a fewdays.
The film was full of inspiring speeches where people really say nothing, although the Sappy score swollen to ensure that they were deeply touching.
In Pay it Forward, Leder continues in this vein with his spoons of intermittent cynicism which seem almost as a refutation: "See my film is not as na as you might think" E seems to say.
No, it's just horribly confused.