You do not look at a Ren? Magritte painting and seek a deeper meaning.
You don't look at it for 88 minutes in a row.
Surrealist work is remarkable for their quirks, and they are fun, but watching a quirk for an hour and a half is exhausting.
It was my experience with I woke up early on the day of my death, a surreal and hyperactive comedy without dialogue.
It is not a silent film; there is a lot of atmospheric music, occasional cries and strange sound effects, but no one never pronounces an audible word.
Although the film was distinctive, its unique style rose after about 20 minutes, and as it progressed, watching has become a chore.
The only reason for which the script has ever been filmed is that it was written by the pseudo-legendary Ed Wood, the man behind "classics" like plan 9> of space and the night of ghouls.
The joke, of course, is that her films are so bad, they are good; so humorous in their inanity that they become successes.
I woke up early on the day of my death, unfortunately, it is so bad that it is really bad.
He features Billy Zane (Titanic) like a dangerous madman who surpasses a nurse, escapes from a psychiatric hospital and wonders, steal a car, clothes and a heap of money.
Our thief reaches a cemetery, where he witnesses a bizarre ritual.
He falls asleep and finds himself, literally, in a hole, with his missing money.
For any reason, he is determined to obtain his harshly invented money back on (given the ease with which he stole it the first time, why is it not just stolen more?).
He comes to a list of people who were at the mysterious ceremony and begins to seek each of them and kill them if they do not have what he is looking for.
I do not think that director Aris Iliopulos ni Ed Wood did not realize that it would have made a short 20 -minute short film.
The subject and the style seem to have been made for this.
Unfortunately, twenty minutes of equipment are stretched over four times this length, and the film simply exceeds its already doubtful welcome.
He caught my attention at the start and gradually lost it as I went, to the point where I already get tired halfway.
It may seem strange that a film as furiously as it can be so tedious; but the surprise will disappear when you consider how repetitive it is.
I woke up early the day I died is a comedy, I suppose, even if it could have been wrong.
Unlike most Ed Wood's films, he tries to be funny and fails, instead of the opposite.
There is nothing intrinsically badly for that, in fact, I think it would be logical only for someone who was so "good" for the involuntary comedies to take a look at a real one.
That Wood really opted for comedy in his script, we will never know, but in both cases, it is a failure.
Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Christina Ricci, Summer Phoenix, John Ritter and others present themselves for short and unnecessary cameos.
Ricci, for example, plays a prostitute.
His role is to dance with Zane in her motel room, then to be thrown.
Thomas is an astonished spectator while a woman is thrown from a cliff.
Is the improvement of the habitat really desperate work?
Zane, on the other hand, takes care of making strange faces to the camera when he is not called to run wildly and to beat people.
The lack of dialogue makes him ultimate caricature.
The highlight of the Carnival Party manages to demonstrate everything that does not go with this production of non-budget.
It is desperately funny, but thinks that it is the funniest thing since plan 9;, it is so spontaneously surreal that it turns your head while being confusing enough to turn your head twice as fastin the other direction.
I hope that another film is made from an Ed Wood scenario because I woke up early the day I died is not an appropriate shipment.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;