This is the kind of film that makes George of the Disney Jungle appreciate.
Tarzan and The Lost City, the last attempt to bring the legendary hero of Edgar Rice Burrough on the big screen, is one of the most incompetent and poorly informed of any Tarzan adventure so far.
Graphie and poorly executed, Tarzan and City Lost are heading for a quick trip to the shelves of video stores.
I do not know why the producers have chosen now to bring Tarzan back; it is not as if there were legions of new fans who demand his next film.
In addition, it is even more curious than this film is classified PG, which, by definition, excludes any explicit sex or violence.
And, even if I do not recommend the excesses adopted by the Bo derek version of 1981 in history, Tarzan deserves a slightly more adult approach than that used in embarrassing production.
Of course, no adjustment of the content to modify the note could have saved Tarzan and the lost city, because the problems of the film are from the script and spread throughout the line.
Imagine that George de la Jungle stripped of all humor (intentional), and you have a good idea of what Tarzan is.
With its inspiration and its lukewarm adventure sequences, the film barely records an impetus.
Anyone looking for a relatively entertaining Family Jungle adventure should consult the 1994 version of the Jungle Book, which uses the same basic elements for much better.
The only valid element of Tarzan and City Lost is the pretty landscape (which, unfortunately, includes the two main actors).
The film is not trying to reissue the original story? The thought is that it was done quite often.
Instead, Tarzan and the lost city present to us at Lord Graystoke A.K. Un. John Clayton A.K. Un .tarzan the Ape Man (Casper van Dien) several days before her marriage to Lady Jane Porter (Jane March).
He lives happily in England, benefiting from the advantages of being a noble property property.
Meanwhile, in Central Africa, the ignoble ravens of Nigel (Steven Waddington), a self -proclaimed scholar and explorer, believes that he found the path of the lost city of Opar, that he calls the cradle of civilization.
On the way, he and his group of mercenaries make all kinds of unpleasant things, such as the native hot villages, to gain anger of the inhabitants.
A shaman, determined to prevent the Ravens from finding the opal, sends a mystical message to Tarzan to get help.
With Lady Jane who follows near, he returns to the jungle where he was born.
It is clearly obvious that Casper Van Dien (one of the pretty heroes of Starship Troopers) was not hired on the basis of her acting capacity.
With its facial plastic expressions, its monotonous voice and its complete inability to make convincing animal noises, its range rivals that of Steven Seagal.
His pectorals, however, are impressive, and director Carl Schenkel makes sure that he has every opportunity to show them.
Jane March, on the other hand, must keep her shirt, which can be a first for her.
Six years ago, Mars gives a solid performance in Jean Jacques Annaud's Tappy The Lover.
Since then, she has made the decision to kill in a career to appear in front of Bruce Willis in the color of the night, which has exploited her activity as an actress.
Tarzan continues this trend.
Mars can be attractive, but, at least judging by this performance, it cannot act.
Meanwhile, Steven Waddington has serious problems to summon the threat necessary to be a really detestable villain.
Instead, he turns out to be a little more than a nuisance.
History is a pure formula, which has been largely true over the years for almost all Tarzan films.
The problem is that it seems so childish and lifeless.
The romantic elements are all artificial? In fact, the presence of Lady Jane is only necessary for it to be captured and thereafter Detected by her chamois fiancé.
The special effects are really at the bottom of the barrel (including ridiculously bad men in monkey costumes? Apparently, animatronics were too expensive for this production).
And, of course, as with all jungle films, there are cute animals compulsory.
Over the years, Tarzan's legend has been one of the most popular sources for the equipment in the film series.
The most famous APE man was Johnny Weismuller, but no less than two dozen other actors have tried the role (including Gordon Scott, who is widely considered the best actor to tackle the role).
Weismuller made 12 characteristics of Tarzan; Van Dien will probably fall 11 less than this number.
And, after seeing Tarzan and the City Lost, I would say that the public during the cinema would have been well served if he had missed at 12 years old.