Joe against the volcano is really one of the worst films made in very recent memory.
What is the strangest is that you would think that nothing is going badly.
He has a solid cast with Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan as main roles.
But you can never judge a film by its cast ...
If there is a good thing about Joe against the volcano, it is because the plot is original.
Unfortunately, it is also incredibly stupid.
The film begins with Joe (Tom Hanks) who will work.
This opening sequence is very boring and slow.
It shows Joe walking to her office.
But on the way, he must wait in a long line passing through strange and slightly depressing landscapes with unpleasant lighting.
A sequence like this should take 2 minutes.
Here he takes more than 5 ...
It is obvious that Joe hates his work.
In his office, one of his colleagues is Meg Ryan.
Curiously, she plays 3 different roles in this film !!
Joe goes to go to the doctor's appointment.
His doctor informs him that he has a "brain cloud".
This means that in a few months, he will die.
So what does Joe do?
Leave his job, of course !!
When he arrives at home, Joe meets an old man named Granamore (Lloyd Bridges).
Granamore tells Joe that to get an important mineral for his business from an island, the natives need someone to sacrifice themselves to their volcano to please their god of fire.
By surprising coincidence, boat trip to the island takes a few months.
As he reaches the island, he will almost dead from the "brain cloud" anyway, then Joe agrees.
Granamore gives Joe a credit card to buy everything he needs to make this "great adventure".
Joe leaves with Meg Ryan, his colleague.
The day before the boat trip, Joe meets one of the girls in Granamore.
She is also, surprised, Meg Ryan.
Except that she looks more hippie.
They both dine and the next day, Joe is taken to his boat.
The lady who sails on the boat is another girls in Granamore.
And, Wonder of Wonders, she is also played by Meg Ryan.
As they sail towards the island, Meg Ryan told Joe that the natives of the island have a desire for orange soda.
After a few stupid speech scenes, they also deduce that Granamore had his doctor to the one Joe went.
And that the thing of the "brain cloud" was invented !!
They have many cheap special effects on boat trip.
Joe goes fishing and catches a hammer shark.
It is a cheap gag which has been removed several times.
But, to top it all, the shark is obviously on rubber and false !!
One night there is a storm.
A cheap flash strikes the boat and everything is sunk over board.
Fortunately, Joe and Meg Ryan manage to find some of the luggage that Joe brought.
By pure luck, they arrive on the island.
Since natives like soda orange, they wear soda cans as outfit !!
Stupid or what?
 ;) Before Joe jumps into the volcano, he is nourished.
Just before he jumps, Meg Ryan pleads him not to do it.
When Joe decides to do it, she accompanies him because "she loves him".
Now this is where the film should end.
But, unfortunately, the bug of the "anger end" comes into play.
The volcano blows the couple in the ocean where they land on Joe's luggage.
They float towards another part of the island as they look at the lava spill from the volcano to the villagers.
I give this film a.
Only see it if you are a film buff who takes advantage of time in time in time or if you really like Tom Hanks or Meg Ryan ...