If you debate to see or not _breakfast_of_champions_, ask yourself a simple question: Do you want to see Nick Nolte in lingerie?
The only people who would have a lot of pleasure from the chaotic adaptation of Alan Rudolph of the novel by Kurt Vonnegut is the transversal cup of the population with the unhealthy desire to see this unpleasant view.
Everyone - and I hope it is most people - would be wise to avoid this funny damage.
In fact, however, the view of Nolte in high heels is one of the most fun things about this confusion, which concentrates Dwayne Hoover (Bruce Willis), the owner of the Village de Motor de Dwayne Hoover in Midland City.
Not only is it a huge success as a businessman, but it is also something of a celebrity, but his face made recognizable by a series during television advertisements.
With a beautiful house and a beautiful family to start, Dwayne seems to have all the ingredients to be happy - but it is not.
His wife Celia (Barbara Hershey) is perpetually in a mist induced by the pill; his son George (Lukas Haas) is a flamboyant living room singer who goes through the stage name "Bunny".
Not only is the Environmental Protection Agency on Dwayne's ass on a building development project.
Just send Dwayne to a nervous breakdown-that is to say if he does not manage to blow up his brain first.
Meanwhile, Midland City is about to organize a Festival des Beaux-Arts, and the guest of honor is a trout of Kilgore (Albert Finney), a writer who is far from the renowned author the organizerFrom the festival (Buck Henry) has been led to believe -it is a penniless hack that writes a second -rate science fiction that appears in porn magazines.
His hike in Midland City is also a spiritual journey, which reaches its summit after meeting Dwayne, which, for any reason, thinks that this trout will hold all the responses of life to him.
The above is already a longer conspiracy synopsis than what I usually give in my criticism, but, ironically, I barely scratched the surface.
I have not yet mentioned Wayne Hoobler (Omar EPPS), an ex-pump with an obsessive admiration for Dwayne, named in the same way.
Then there is the question of Francine (Glenne Headly), the dedicated secretary of Dwayne.
Not to mention the employee and old friend of Dwayne, Harry Lesabre (Nolte), the one with the secret inclination to tender her.
And so on .
The film is essentially the story of Dwayne, but too often Rudolph continues to distract the tangents with the eccentric peripheral players that we often wonder what is useful.
Rudolph reaches a point (more about it later), but he is blunt and dark by his hyperactive approach to the material.
The surreal visual style, with printed words flying in the air and in the ears of Dwayne, is obviously intended to transmit a feeling of madness, but its baton nature is likely to make viewers crazy.
The actors are called upon to act accordingly, which has led to some of the worst and the most exaggerated of work all.
Willis is best understood - but it is because his frozen confusion expression confused that of the public.
With an aggressively scandalous atmosphere for almost all its operating time, this is a shock when things suddenly become serious, and Rudolph tries to make a declaration.
Unlike _american_beauty_ (a film that looks like more than several ways, its great detriment), there is no palpably undercover a undercover that prepares the public for the big change.
As such, the cartoons of cartoons do not win a sympathy that must be won; and the film tries, in vain, to reach a depth that it does not deserve.
The original novel by Vonnegut is considered a classic, but it had been qualified as unwitting - the same which was said to be Hunter._fear_and_loathing_in_las_vegas_
With the similar failure of _brea KFAST_OF_CHAMPIONS_, will Hollywood never learn that "non-filmable" labeled books inevitably lead to an inaccessible film?
probably not.