"Knock Off" is exactly that: a cheap help from an action film.
It is also the worst film that I have seen so far this year.
I thought it would be at least a few months before seeing the worst film of 1998, but alas, it has already been found.
Jean-Claude Van Damme plays the role (I think) that a designer jeans leader who discovers that his half-brother has provided him with cheaper products.
Rob Schneider plays Van Damme's partner, and Rochon plays ...
In fact, I have no idea who Rochon was supposed to be.
She is sort of mounted halfway without explanation of the reason she was there.
Many things are not explained in this film, but I know that for a bizarre reason, Van Damme seemed to make an impression of Jackie Chan throughout the film.
Where Chan presents himself as endearing in his character "Guy normal" seen in many of his films, Van Damme presents himself as a wimp.
We are never given a clear explanation on the basis of many of its actions.
To be clearer: I did not even know who he was supposed to be up to about an hour in the film, and even then, he was not too clear.
The film was produced in the style of a strange cinematographic experience that has been badly shot.
Tsui Hark (who made Van Damme's latest film, The Bad, but not as bad as that, "Double Team") never lets the camera rest for a second, and it is not an exaggeration.
We are even entitled to a five -second shot from the point of view of the foot of Van Damme entering a shoe.
fabulous !
Seriously, however, I have no problem with directors who want to play with cinema conventions, as long as they are not carried away.
For example, look at Sam Raimi.
 "Army of Darkness", one of his best films, presents some of the most inventive camera work that I have ever seen, but Raimi never lets the special effects hinder history.
It is a concept that Tsui does not seem to grasp.
The special effects and scandalous camera angles * "reign" to the point where the public no longer has the slightest idea of what is happening.
Another problem with the film is that it looks cheap.
The movie stock used is so low that I thought I was watching one of these Chinese films projected very late at night.
And for an inexplicable reason, everyone's voice seems to have been doubled.
Even the stars.
And even the special effects, apparently the only aspect of the film that the director really cared, are incoherent.
For example, there is a scene in which Van Damme trains a car through the window.
The car slams the ground and the left wheel is completely destroyed.
A few seconds later, the car goes out at full speed.
Hey, I have no problem suspending my disbelief in an action film, but a line should be drawn somewhere.
Finally, the game.
No one gives a good performance in this film.
Van Damme, an actor that I usually like, is far from the brand by playing "Everyman".
And Schneider, here to provide comic relief, I suppose, is completely funny and get a path through each scene.
Even the Paul Sorvino, generally solid, gives a terribly exaggerated performance ...
Again, I have no idea who he was supposed to be.
In case I have not yet been clear enough, "Knock Off" is the worst film of Van Damme's career and perhaps the worst film of the decade.
And it's not even one of those films that is so bad that it's funny.
It's too inept to be funny.
There are no buyout factors in "Knock-Off" and seriously I hope that each impression of this film is burned to a crisp and that my memory of watching the film can be erased.