Synopsis: In "Sooner Than You Think" America, the future of the police lies in Blade Squad, a group of ragtag of culturally diversified boom with jetpacks attached on the back.
A dangerous criminal, however, tries to destroy the team of blades after the death of his brother while being prosecuted by them.
Comments: So what's an ex-Gangbanger became an insubordinate traffic cop, a former prostitute with a drug addiction problem, and a drug addict who became the cop of Dennis Rodman Wannabe who crushed four police policeTo all in common?
Well, they are all members of Blade Squad, a new elite unit to fight crime bearing black uniforms, rollerblades and jetpacks!
They also carry video cameras so that they can communicate between them in the navies in the extraterrestrials of James Cameron.
Yes, it's Blade Squad, the Fox Network Wednesday evening film of the week.
This "film", marking its doubtful world premiere today, has curiously a number of stars invited.
 "How can a film have guest stars?"
you can ask .
Well, Blade Squad is not really a film to talk, but a 2 -hour driver for a possible packaged television series as a film.
Blade Squad is stupid.
Blade Squad is noisy.
Blade Squad is unpleasant.
Blade Squad will probably be a note of notes and reproducing a long -life television series.
why not ?
After all, television gave its audience crime fighters with speaking cars ("Knight Rider"), fast helicopters ("Airwolf") and super fast motorcycles ("Street Hawk"), and viewershave eaten in the past.
So why not the crime fighters with blades with jet -up rollers?
To be honest, as a presentation made for television, Blade Squad is at least observable.
The film has a relatively large distribution of characters, a surprisingly intelligible but predictable script, and enough action sequences to keep half interested.
I imagine that teenagers, probably the target audience of this Turkey, was kicking.
I tried to keep this in mind when I looked at Blade Squad.
I remember like "Airwolf" and "Street Hawk" when I was 10 or 11 years old.
And, although it doesn't say much, Blade Squad is leaps and limits that the latest Fox Network film, I had the dissatisfaction to waste time: the insipid X generation (a huge disappointment given givenThat the wonderful two years of comics are great of the two -year comic strip in comics).
But, I get lost.
Despite its limited attraction, Blade Squad has a lot of folds to determine if the film should become a television series.
First, he suffers from MTV syndrome: many quick plans and strange angles permanently break the senses of the spectator while a generic rock band close to non-stop is constantly flourished in the background.
Oh yeah, "Knockin 'on Heaven's Door" by Dylan and "I'm Cried of Americans" by Bowie are used here, with a rather poor taste.
Two, Blade Squad needs a new sound crew.
The lower quality sound edition irritated me endlessly.
The dialogue of the characters, sometimes, sounded agitated and unintelligible.
During an important scene, a song played hard in the background.
When a character spoke, the volume of the song fell but has not disappeared.
As soon as this character finished his word, the volume of the song immediately returned to his original level until the following character speaks.
It seems trivial, I'm sure, but it distracted me enormously.
Finally, it's commercial television.
Coarse language is not generally authorized on commercial television.
Thus, do not use a coarse language in a production made for television because this coarse language must be censored in one way or another.
In a first scene in the film, for example, the good guy and the villain have a minor confrontation in the streets.
When the right guy throws a bad word, a horn driver conveniently on the screen of his car to stifle the word.
In a "Seinfeld" episode, this technique turned out to be funny; here it seemed clumsy and considerably cuts dramatic tension.
Maybe the future brief Ers, if a show has come out of the film, could draw inspiration from the series of 2099 comics by Marvel Comics.
Make a lot of new bad words for the future.
In this way, you don't need a bunch of horn horns or other silly devices to cover a coarse language.
Compared to the usual shit broadcasting television networks has to offer in terms of films, Blade Squad is an appropriate exercise in the camp.
Compared to, let's say, a film studio film, Blade Squad has a lot in common with a term that shares its initials: BS.
 (Revue written August 12, 1998)