If anything, "Stigmata" should be considered a warning against the publication of films on the similar theme relatively close to each other.
Of the four supernatural horror films released this year, it's clearly the worst.
I guess I should have seen it coming.
After all, "Blair Witch" completely gave me bankrupt, "Sixth Sense" was slightly frightening, then "Stir of Echoes" had his moments, but it was not something that I would lose sleep.
Obviously, the quality of horror this summer has slowly dropped.
Is it then surprising that "Stigmata" is the dull and most horribly executed piece of guts that I have seen for a long time?
Not really .
Patricia Arquette embodies Frankie Page, a Pittsburgh hairdresser who receives a rosary as a gift from her globetrotter mother.
It turns out that the rosary belonged to a recently deceased Brazilian priest.
The priest's church had been investigated by Father Andrew Kiernan (Gabriel Byrne) due to the mysterious appearance of a rare statue.
Father Kiernan is an investigator who has made a career on the alleged alleged religious signs, but this time, he believes that there is something in the bleeding statue.
His investigation is quickly canceled, however, when the Frankie begins to show signs of the stigma, in which a person is imposed on wounds like that of Jesus Christ.
Father Kiernan is initially skeptical about the story of Frankie, since she is an atheist, but once he witnesses Stigmata attacks, he devotes himself to discovering what is happening.
He finally begins to suspect that his boss, Cardinal Houseman (Jonathan Pryce), hides something that could bring down the Catholic church.
It turns out that the dead priest had worked on the translation of a "fifth gospel" before being excommunicated.
The new clip by Rupert Wainwright.
 .
 .
I mean the film "Stigmata" is the kind of film that starts well and only gets worse.
Indeed, it would have been good if it was a clip, because it was only interesting for about five minutes.
I do not know what Wainwright tries to prove with his endlessly slowdown, double exposure and extreme close -up (Whoaaaaaa !!!!), other than the fact that he has the most swollen head of all -seriesHollywood and, yes, he went to the film school.
Her camera deception is interesting for a little while, but ultimately, she becomes inducing headaches.
What this film needed is a second audio track to play on dialogue (as it is), with Wainwright shouting to the public, "See?
Look at what I can do!
I am an ex-second dir-ect-gold. "
Maybe he would explain why he had decided to start half of his scenes with dreadful water bodies in the opposite direction, or why he included random superfluous photos like that of an egg frying (ooh, scary!).
If there was an underlying meaning behind all this camera hoarseness, I did not see it.
Just when you thought it was prudent to get involved in history, here is a double exhibition of two Arquettes Patricia collapsing in the bed for no reason.
Arrrrrhhhhh.
 .
 .
Again, the superfluous cunning of the camera did not bother me if "Stigmata" had a story or characters who were at a distance engaging.
Although Wainwright vanity certainly does not help, it seems to have received an almost impracticable script.
Where are the continuity of the plot and the development of the characters when you need it?
Example: Frankie Page is the character with whom (I suppose) that we are supposed to identify and sympathize, but we are not given any history on his character, or any reason to love him.
The extent of her character's development seems to be that she is a hairdresser who works hard (who can afford in a way a cavernous apartment on the top floor of her building) and she is rather cute, so let's start the bleeding!
the fact that she is Obviously, the brightest bulb in the drawer does not help either.
According to Frankie Page, what is the first thing to do after having received mysterious injuries on your wrists and your back?
go to the club !
Of course, it makes sense.
Arquette, Byrne and Pryce give him the former essay of the college, but their characters are so unidimensional that they simply seem to be summits.
Scenes between Arquette and Byrne which were probably supposed to be sexually loaded fall almost embarrassing, because the configuration of the romantic sub-container is so clumsily manipulated that it almost reaches the point of becoming laughable.
Even if Frankie Page's life collapses before her eyes, she always finds time to hit a priest who walks in her hair salon.
Even more curiously, he seems to be interested in his advances.
Father Andrew's religious doubt appears so suddenly that it seems more silly than dramatic.
As for Pryce, he can also wear a curly mustache and a cackling, "I will get you, my pretty", for the whole depth of her cardinal accommodation.
Believe me, I don't reveal anything by telling you that Pryce turns out to be a villain.
What is worse, after being confronted with dull characters and the prospect of having boring camera tips and noisy music stuck in our gorges, we must now face a story that begins in a direction, turns into aAnother, then another, and ending completely incomprehensible.
First of all, the film does not even bother to explain what should be very simple conspiracy details.
How is it that an atheist as she was chosen, because Father Andrew mentions that only very devoted believers have ever received stigma?
In fact, I don't know what Frankie was possessed.
So-called, Stigmata occurs when we are possessed by the Holy Spirit, but the film later possessed him by the dead priest, and later by a bad mind (I think).
Which one is it?
The answer to this question, of course, is very simple: the entity having in each scene is determined by the effects and the work of the Flashy MR.wainwright camera wants to use this time.
In addition, the end is a small, ridiculously neat conclusion, and the filmmakers aggravate this problem by ultimately transforming the film into a rant against the Catholic Church.
If you are doing research on the Gospel of St. Thomas, you will find that it is not deleted by the Church (as the film seems to claim it), but that it is easily available in your local library.
There is nothing that Catholics must worry, however.
 The "of Stigmata" religion is so out of the basis that it cannot be confused for anything resembling the true Catholic Church at a distance.
If they wanted to portray Catholic priests as gangsters, they should have been part and equip them with Sharkskin costumes and Tommy pistols, which would have been much more interesting.
I am not Catholic; in fact, I do not care much about the Catholic Church, but its false caricatural declaration in this film should in no case be considered as realistic.
It is rare to see a film that fails at as many levels as the "stigmata".
It is not stimulating, even if it would like to be, and it is certainly not frightening, even if it pretends to be.
I do not know why they tried to pass it as a horror film, because there is absolutely nothing scary in history.
It may be an attempt to hide the fact that none of the scenes has dramatic weight.
The initial shock to see Arquette covered with blood is finished by the fact that it happens and again and again.
Like so many MTV generation films, it suffers from an exaggeration.
So many things are exaggerated in "Stigmata", that it ultimately has no effect on the public, letting us choose the (many) defects of the film.
I also try to understand why the quote they take E of the Gospel of St.Thomas is so overwhelming.
When we finally hear it, the saying looks like something that all five -year -old children learn during their first Sunday school day, which means that for all of his flash, the whole film is really a lot of nothing.
Summer dog days generally produce a monstrous dog, and "Stigmates" is everything.