I went to Blair Witch Project 2: Book of Shadows with the highest hopes.
The original film, released last summer, was really frightening and terrifying; I was hoping that this film would be up to its predecessor.
Unfortunately, my hopes were quickly destroyed.
While the film opens, the public is shown pseudo-documentary clips from Burkittsville, residents of Maryland interviewed about the sudden tourist influx of their city following the original film of the Blair Witch project.
It is a blow of self and a mainly humorous and self -confident hysteria on media threshing and hysteria surrounding the first film.
During this segment, we are presented to the protagonist, a young man who sells memories related to Blair's witches on his website.
The film then cuts a title which informs us that what we are going to see has occurred a year ago.
We see the same young man who sold accessories from witch Blair, but now he is confined in a psychiatric establishment the genre that is only found in bad horror films.
We see him having a kind of white Goo disgusting forced in an unconvincing way in his nose while a doctor smoking cigarettes is wary lucishly above him.
We see him throw wildly around a padded piece; we see him curl up naked in a shower stand while a fire hose is lit on him.
No explanation is provided for why it is in the mental institution; in fact, these scenes are barely mentioned.
I had a feeling of shipwreck during these opening scenes; generally, a hospital scene which takes place with bad light, dirty interiors and evil doctors is a sure sign that you are plagued by a really horrible film.
The film cuts again, this time so far.
The young man, whose name is Jeffrey (played by Jeffrey Donovan - as in the first film, the names of characters are identical to the names of the actors, although this film admits that it is fictitious, so there is noReason for the practice this time), brings together a group of people he will lead to the woods this weekend for the "Blair Witch Hunt", which is a promotional gadget that he offered and sells on his website.
We meet sad and Steven, a young couple who writes a book on the experience of Blair Witch.
Steven is skeptical, believing that everything is the result of a mass hysteria.
Sad, on the other hand, believes that there can be a certain truth to rumors of supernatural occurrence.
She is Wan and with a soft voice; she complains that the radio plays too hard.
 (She also complained that she felt nauseous; I immediately knew that the character was pregnant, and my intuition was confirmed a few scenes later when Kim does it psychomagically.
How did I know?
Because in bad films, foul -smelling women are always pregnant.)
The fourth member of their group is Erica, a wiccan with flowing hair and wide eyes that want to prove that the witch Blair was a good witch, not evil.
They collect the fifth and last member of the team in a cemetery.
Kim is completely dressed in black, has an extreme Goth style makeup and sometimes displays apparently psychic capacities, but otherwise seems to be the most intelligent and reasonable person in the whole group.
Presumably, she wanted to be picked up in the cemetery just for a dramatic effect; it is never explained.
The group of five heads for the woods as promised.
They reach the ruins in ruins of the foundation of the house of Rustin Parr and install the camp, with extensive video equipment with which to record the events of the night.
There is a brief meeting with a Rival group Blair Witch Tour which had planned to camp also on this site, but after a few words exchanged, the Rival group is blowing out and camps elsewhere.
The film goes out at this stage to spend many long minutes showing the drinking party that follows after sunset.
Sexual innuendos are thrown, a lot of hard alcohol, beer and pot is consumed, and not much else is going on.
It would be an excellent point to get up and go to the toilet if necessary.
The next day, the team wakes up and discovers that their camera equipment has been completely ransacked, and that Steven and Sad manuscript paper flows from the sky in tatters, like snow.
The video bands are missing, but thanks to a psychic intuition of Kim, they discover the video bands buried under the basics of the house, "where the original Blair Witch bands were found!"
Ooh.
Fantasmagoric.
The team goes back to Jeffrey's house - a former warehouse in the civil war era in the heart of the woods - to regroup and review the bands.
They soon discover that the cassettes mysteriously jump five hours of the night.
Burry hijinks ensue.
Sadn begins to have strange dreams in which she is the witch Blair, everyone begins to find these burns of strange runes on their bodies, Steven and Erica have very disturbing mutual hallucinations, and all goes in hellin a hand basketball.
Throughout the test, Jeffrey and the others continue to scrutinize the cassettes, which seem to have a kind of strange images roughly when the time jumps; finally, Sad is walking, mumbles something about "Reverse ", and from that, they somehow realize that they must play the bands upside down.
When they do this, they discover what really happened during the five hours lost.
 (One of the things they see on the video band is images of themselves buried the cassettes.
Okay, if the video bands were buried, then how they registered ... Oh,
nevermind .)
This film was horrible.
Simply horrible.
The characters are largely drawn caricatures which are never authorized at depth or development.
Erica is the Wiccan that loves nature.
Sad is the weak and friendly woman.
Steven is the domineering asshole.
Kim is the antisocial Gothic girl.
Old and tired shots were used to illustrate these caricatures.
How do we know that Sadn is weak and sympathetic?
Because she is pregnant!
How do we know that Kim is an antisocial Gothic girl?
Because it wears a lot of eye makeup!
How do we know that local sheriff is a villain?
Because he shredded his teeth and speaks as if he was straight out of "Deliverance"!
It is a weak narration at its worst.
Rather than taking the time to expand the characters and make them really friendly, the writer has chosen to give everyone some stereotypical characteristics, in order to use a cinematographic stenography and thus jump directly to action.
It did not work.
In addition to being poorly developed, most of the characters were seriously unlikely or obviously stupid.
 ("Darling, you just made a miscarriage in the woods and receive medical care in a hospital that seems to belong to a bad film by Slasher.
Let's go to a plane at home. "
 " No .
I have these weird nightmares and I see strange visions and I want to know what's going on. "
 " All right . " )
Frankly, at the end of the film, I am rooted for the witch.
I also felt that there was simply too much blood in this film.
The first film worked by never showing us horror.
The witch was a palpable presence in this film, but we have never seen her; we have never seen anything, in fact.
The horror was off screen, and thus our imagination did overtime to imagine what it could be.
It is the brand brand of a truly frightening and disturbing horror film.
Blair Witch 2 dispensed with such subtleties and went directly to the big one.
This was obvious from the opening scenes of crazy doctors, forcing White Goo Down of Jeffrey's throat, and continued throughout the film while the public treated occasional and disorienting images of what seems to be a massacreany ritual.
The knives plunge into the flesh, the bloody fingers move in the The darkness, and none of this is explained until the end, when it was too late for me to care.
This film did not stop showing us blood either; he went to break and showed us everything.
At the end of the film, there are no questions on the five hours missing.
Everything is explained; in fact, everything is shown on the screen in affectionate details.
I admit to being someone who prefers horror films in which you never see the monster, or see only brief glimpses, simple suggestions of what the monster is not because IFind the monster so terrifying, but because I find that the absence of the monster is infinitely more terrifying.
I saw interviews with the director in which he suggested that there was no "monster", that all the evil was perpetrated only by the human mind.
I found that it was a miserably mediocre explanation; if it was actually the director's intention, then he needs to have words with the writer, because he was not specified at all.
 (I know a lot of people who like to go to holidays and get drunk and storm in their minds; none of them has ever made a murderous unleashing and then experienced mass hallucinations with a group of other peopleFor next week.
And if there weren't a witch, when what about the fleeing tree?
The snowfall from handwritten paper?
HM?)
Blair Witch 2: Book of Shadows was a horrible movie.
Failed characters with an incredible story to the inconsistencies of the intrigue with coarse, it was a bad effort from start to finish.