Gord Brody (Tom Green) is a budding host approaching thirty who still lives in the parents Jim (Rip Torn) and Julie's basement (Julie Hagerty, "Airplane").
While Papa declares the whole war, Gord provides a job in a cheese sandwich factory far from Los Angeles and leaves to realize his dreams.
Gord does not do much during his first attempt and lands at home with Faiwning Maman and Dad scandalized in "Freddy Got Fingred".
Tom Green Cowrites (with the scribe of "Tom Green Show" Derek Harvie), directs and features in what is essentially the primary cry of Tom Green.
So, if Tom Green shouts in an empty theater, does he make a sound?
It is clear that "Freddy Got Affredred" is at least partially autobiographical and Green certainly has a hell of a complex on her father (Mom gets away more easily when Sonny Boy advises him to go out and sleep with basketball players and Greeks).
Although it may interest his hard core fans, there is little about Green's mania here to recommend this film to anyone.
The film starts quite promising, with a skateboard scene well executed through a shopping center which takes place on the "problem" of the sex pistols (Green gathered a first rate soundtrack) and yes, I laughed several times.
The Green goalkeeper of a security guard with psychotic ramblings and his attempt to draw, make music and eat at the same time (the scene "Dad would you like sausages" shown several times in the band-Announcement of the film) are an inspired comedy.
But what is funny with a paraplegic girlfriend who is excited by having a cunned legs or a skateboard injury that results in an exposed ball?
A baby delivery bit shows a promise inducing moans until enough blood is splashed to coagulate laughter.
The internment of brother Freddy, younger (by three years), only confirms his worst fears concerning the title of the film and the sadly famous `` manipulation '' of a real horse, although not as shocking as itappear, wouldn't do it, you make sense.
As he repeats the gag with an elephant at the end of the film, the global effect is numbness.
While "Freddy has obtained the finger" has the admirable end result to denounce the evil to degrade the self -esteem of a child, it is essentially a lot of Tom Green who flows while being noisy.
Rip Torn, what did you think?