Since the director Steven Zaillian previously wrote the powerful scenario for the 1993 Steven Spielberg drama "Schindler's List" and made the intelligent "research for Bobby Fischer" an otherwise prosperous career.
What does not make sense is how high -level and superb actors that John Travolta, Robert Duvall, William H.Macy and Kathleen Quinlan were involved in this project, which is both dull and completely ineffective.
The film, which implies a small community of children who mysteriously died of leukemia, certainly contains the type of story to load emotionally, but in a way all the signs of feeling have been completely removed from the procedure, leaving usNothing more than a more-difficult evil of the drama of the courtroom.
On the basis of a book by Jonathan Hart, who was therefore based on a real account, "a civil action" takes place in 1982 in the city of Woburn, Mass., Where the lawyer for bodily injuries Jan Schlictmann (JohnTravolta) decides to take the case of eight families who simply want apologies for the death of their children because of leukemia due to unknown causes.
Jan originally decides to drop the case, but when he comes across the company giants, Grace and Beatrice Foods, who have plants located near families, he sees all the rooms set upSuddenly: the two companies have failed chemical harmful in the neighboring lake which goes into the drinking water of the city.
Suddenly, after having heard of the sorrow and the personal stories of the families, he begins to take care of them and is determined to go to the bottom of the mystery, even if he is warned by his accountant of the staff (William H. Macy) that no money is coming to them, only getting out.
Jerome Facher (Robert Duvall) is also represented in history, Beatrice Foods's business lawyer, who finds himself in animated waters when Jan will not accept his offer of $ 20 million to settle the case.
Coming from a writer, director and casting as talented, not to mention one of the most interesting cinema composers, Danny Elfman, "A Civil Action" is a surprisingly empty drama, the one who understands an intriguing story and transforms it intoSomehow in a way in an experience certainly boring and sometimes even boring.
One of his major problems was perhaps that in his attempts to be a relatively uncommon film, Zaillian has lost his unconventional refreshing attitude with a lack of magnetism and even meaning.
Watching the film, I couldn't help but notice his similarities with the distant and very superior film of 1997 "The Sweet Cest", which treated with a lawyer, brilliantly played by Ian Holm, investigating a accident'School bus that killed a number of children.
In his attempts to find someone who may have been responsible for the accident, Holm interviews the parents in mourning, as well as the only surviving passenger, a teenager, who begins to remind her of her own teenage daughter, a young drug addictQuis is fled from the house.
Not only was the plot similar to "a civil action", but it also had the same precise execution time of 115 minutes.
Given this, it is surprising to see how fulfilling and honest "a sweet" "a sweet" was, focusing not only on the school bus accident, but on the character of Ian Holm and his own personal demons,as well as on the teenager.
In "A Civil Action", however, I do not know where the operating time took place, because the film is practically two hours of nothingness.
We do not learn to know the parents well, nor any of the main characters.
Throughout its duration, I did not learn something without one thing to the personality of the lawyer of Travolta, Jan Schlictmann, who does not seem to have life or goal outside his work.
Each scene is linked to the premise and the premise Therefore, there was no one for me to worry or worry.
You have to work hard enough, in fact, so as not to have an audience involved in the parents' fate, because their children are dead, but that's exactly what "civil action" does.
To be honest, I would be hard enough to state an aspect of the film that I really liked.
Aside from a flashback when the young son of a man died on the doctor's path, I remained tireless and passive on what was going on in the scenes, and more than once, my mind wandered.
I could say that the performances were good, but who cheated who?
Since each character is written unidimensional, anyone's actor capacities are not disputed in any way.
Travolta plays a lawyer fairly well, but that's about everything he does.
Duvall drowns practically through its role, seemingly seeming only to give lines on every occasion.
And what does Kathy Bates do in the final scene of the photo, as a judge?
She seems not billed, because it's just a cameo, but why did she even agree to do it in the first place?
Finally, when the conclusion arrived and the end credits started in role, the film left me another question: what was the point?
Suddenly ending without any susceptible dynamics, where none preceded itself to start, "a civil action" seemed to me, at least, being an example of the way of not making drama in the courtroom, and thatCertainly did not do justice to Lasujet very serious with which the film deals with.