A New Year's Eve backdrop in 1981 seems to lend himself to a great celebration film.
The decoration possibilities are endless - the disco balls had not yet migrated in the dark corners of the attic, the big hair was worth its weight in aquanet, and the stronger the fashion, the better the look.
But despite this framework, these details and a soundtrack which includes more than 40 irresistible successes of the first days of the decade of Me, something is wrong with "200 cigarettes".
A better title for this nostalgic waste would be "50 missed occasions".
What makes this retro-comedy such a descendant?
This is certainly not the casting, which includes enough young hot talents for several films.
There is Courtney Love, cementing her reputation as a serious actress; Christina Ricci, hot of her turn to nominate to nominate "the opposite of sex"; Paul Rudd, who becomes even more attractive for each role; Kate Hudson, inheriting fromSome beautiful actor genes of mom Goldie Hawn; and the Affleck Ben and Casey brothers, two of the best things about "Good Will Hunting".
Perhaps the question is the following: what attracted these actors and other extremely talented actors to such a bleak project?
Maybe it looked good on paper.
 "200 cigarettes" is made up of a series of vignettes, while various characters make their way through the village of East decorated from New York to a holiday feast launched by a packet of nervous nerves named Monica (Martha Plpton,All dressed in its best Cyndi Lauper Cyndi).
Among the potential guests are CAD Kevin (Rudd) and his best friend Lucy (Love), Bizary Bickering during her recent breakup, and a clumsy but apparently charming bartender (Ben Affleck) who opens his mouth to spit a bad choicelines.
More sub -intrigues - _many_ plus - sprinkle the overview, but those listed above are the only ones to note in a positive light.
All the other history tangents are as erectured as a cokehead trying to solve a Rubick cube.
Ricci and Gaby Hoffman climb like two Gals Ronkonkoma (the genre that finds it difficult to pronounce hard consonants) to spend time in the big city.
The sadly famous actress of Janeane Garofalo is wasted in what is equivalent to a cameo of several scenes.
Hudson, as a Klutz enough in pink recently, recently divided by a reprehensible man for women (Jay Mohr), trips, vomiting and cums dog shit.
Do we still laugh?
The film comes down to a mixture of good, evil and shouting, with the last two exceeding the first.
The game performances - in particular by Love, Rudd and Plpton - are almost shot dead by the oddly colored parts and a constant concentration, here a combination that spits mainly when it should crack.
Too many diversion fare as without interest and have few earnings to a long final montage where we discover that many artists served as a night stands for each other.
If they are "200 cigarettes", then get me 200 nicotine patches.