How do films like Mouse Hunt enter theaters?
Isn't there a law or something?
This Diabolical Claptrap charge of Steven Speilberg's DreamWorks studio is the price of the Hollywood family at its deadly worst.
Mouse Hunt takes the naked sons of an intrigue and tries to support him with stupid Slapsticks over-acting and which makes comedies like Jingle seem decent in comparison.
The writer Adam Rifkin and director Gore Verbinski are the names mainly responsible for this Swill.
The intrigue, for what its value concerns two brothers (Nathan Lane and a appalling Lee Evens) who inherits a little common string factory and an apparently worthless house of their eccentric father.
Deciding to discover the house abandoned for a long time, they soon learn that it is worth it and was putting themselves for auction at the most offender.
But fighting them with each turning point is a very intelligent mouse, satisfied with its little dilapidated home and wanting it to be so.
The story alternates between the rare scenes of the brothers who bicker on what to do with their inheritance and endless action sequences while the two face their enemy with increasingly determined fur.
Whatever the promise with which the film begins soon is deteriorating in boring dialogue, a terrible suragance and an increasingly inspired slapstick which becomes healthy and fury, meaning nothing.
The script becomes so indescribably bad that the best poor line Lee Evens can pronounce after another with the rodent is: "I hate this mouse".
Oh creases!
It is again alone at home, and ten times worse.
A touching scene from the start deserves to be mentioned.
We follow the mouse through a maze of walls and pipes until he arrives at his fortune home somewhere in a wall.
He jumps into a small bed, pulls a makeshift sheet and huddles to sleep, apparently happy and just wanting to be left alone.
It's a little magical moment in a film otherwise without soul.
A message to Speilberg: If you want DreamWorks to be associated with a kind of artistic credibility, give all the concerns in mouse hunting a quick kick in the ass or to hire you decent writers and directors.
This kind of waste simply won't do at all.