"Spice World" is only a long promotional film for the group of British girls The Spice Girls.
Of course, there is a hint of humor from time to time.
In fact, there are a few very good shots at the Spice Girls.
But on the whole, who cares?
not me .
If you do not know now, the Spice Girls sing songs of love and friendship and responsibility of girls, but dress like streetwalkers in a lower middle class district.
In "Spice World", they roll on their large tourist bus, complaining of having to do photo sessions and giving interviews.
Surprisingly, all the speeches they make to keep the commitments and maintain responsibilities do not really apply to fun things, to the things they want to do, not things they are necessary to continue to gain from themoney.
And they continue to babble on "girls' power" when they should really talk about "cleavage power".
I mean, if everything you need is the power of girls, then why are they only one thread to get out of their lean outfits?
The film is PG, but really with only a few very minor dialogue changes and stage extent, you would have a hot adult film yourself.
By the way, there is something in the opening credits that says "based on an idea of the Spice Girls".
Wow, they have a credit of ideas!
I certainly want it to be a new trend in Hollywood ...
Give the merit of simply having thought "say girls, let's make a film!"
The support cast is dried up well.
Roger Moore (the real James Bond) plays the "chef" who denounced the pictures of the Spice Girls, and damn everything, he is fun to watch.
Mark McKenney is also good as a screenwriter trying to present film ideas to the group manager (Richard E. Grant).
One question, however: George Wendt?
You would think that "Spice World" would invade one of the two reactions in people.
If you like Spice Girls, you will like them even more afterwards.
And if you can't bear them (like me), then "Spice World" will make you really sick.
Curiously, the public with which I saw the film, about 50 daughters of twelve, was sitting in silence for the whole film.
Well, not both who were sitting directly behind me.
They continued to mumble "it's stupid" again and again.
Maybe there is hope for humanity after all.
[PG]