My first exhibition to the Nightmare on Elm Street film series was not this, but in fact the third episode (it was the first to obtain a national theatrical version).
I only saw the first film much later.
So, looking back, the original did not contain many good memories for me, because I didn't think about it too much when I first saw it.
Watching it now for a second time has confirmed that it is a surface horror film which ultimately makes no sense.
You all know the story now: the murderer of a child Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) returns from the grave by haunting the dreams of the children of those who burned him for years ago.
This first episode does adequate work with its small budget, but there is an absurd dialogue and conceptual problems with history.
In addition, the end of the film (naturally the result of the studio which wants the end of the film to have a "hook" for a suite) makes the rest of the film useless.
And does anyone understand what happens to Nancy's mother at the end of this film?
Don't get me wrong, however ...
It is not as if a new generation of horror films had removed me from the classics.
Most horror films released today are just as intact as this film.
Horror is a difficult genre to make a credible way, and a nightmare on ELM Street simply does not cut it.
A nightmare on ELM Street is available on DVD from the new video of the house.
It is available both as a single disc and as part of the Nightmare on Elm Street Collection box.
The film is presented both in pan and scan and its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1.78: 1 (although on the disc which arrives in the box, only a large screen transfer is provided).
The film was digitally remastered and includes two audio options: a mono mix and a new Dolby Digital 5.1 Mixture.
Also included in the DVD is a piece of audio comments complete with the writer / director Wes Craven, the stars John Saxon and Heather Langenkamp, and the director of the film photography.
Other extras include the "Jump to Nightmare" functionality (I'm sure you can understand it), the usual cast and crew (which come from the film press release, and leave Robert Englund in particularAnd Johnny Depp!), And the original theatrical trailer for the film.
Some DVD-ROM features are also included, but since I don't have DVD-ROM capabilities, I can't really get it.
The comments track is entertaining and informative, but nothing spectacular.
The first thing to note is that it is the same comments track that was on the Laserdisc of the special edition a few years ago.
I'm not saying it's a negative thing, just emphasizing it.
Everyone seems enthusiastic about being there, with the possible exception of John Saxon, who does not say much at all.
Most of the time, you will forget that he is even there.
Everyone really speaks quietly for any reason, as if they were commenting a scary film they need to remain as silent as possible.
The Bonus disc with the box entitled The Nightmare Series Encyclopedia has about 45 minutes of interviews concerning the first film in the series.
The original theatrical trailer and two alternatives to the film are also included ...
However, you can only access one.
The other is hidden in what is called "the labyrinth", which could be the most boring characteristic of an ever created DVD.
Basically, it is a kind of interactive game where you walk in different places of nightmare by watching objects that give you access to small additional extracts of sequences, interviews, etc. In addition to the labyrinth is the secondAlternative end of the film.
Finding it, however, is both a chore and a bore.
[R]