The real blonde (r) the face of a woman, an arm, pumped pectorals, blond hair, a sad face of a man, thin legs, a random hand here and there.
While the opening credits of The Real Blonde by Tom Dicillo take place, these scattered and fractured glimpses end up meeting to form the image of a man covered with bikini on his knees hanging on a stimulating woman, herHead hiding her rare breasts.
If only the rest of this overall comedy without form and aimed has met so coherently.
Joe (Matthew Modine) is a server / actor with too proud difficulty to take concerts in advertisements or soap operas.
He feels somewhat dissatisfied with his relationship with her love of life, Mary (Catherine Keener), who has subconscious hostility towards male sex.
Mary, a makeup artist, regularly works on the Sahara model (Bridgette Wilson), which is obsessed with the underlying messages of The Little Mermaid of Disney.
The bottle blonde has a turbulent and out-of-sight relationship with Bob (Maxwell Caulfield), a soap actor who aspires to the taste of a real blonde, whom he finds in the Kelly Co-Star (Daryl Hannah).
While the film Unpools, a variety of other characters goes through: The Blair fashion photographer (Marlo Thomas); Mary's Shrink (Buck Henry) and self -defense instructor (Denis Leary); Joe's casting agent (KathleenTurner) and the boss of the Hardass (Christopher Lloyd); and a mystery woman (Elizabeth Berkley) who continues to cross Joe's path.
Where exactly this is?
This is a question at best posed to the writer-director Dicillo, who does not seem to have the slightest clue himself.
His script and his winding and largely funny direction are like desperately lost drivers, transforming into narrative streets with no way out only to reverse the course and strike another creative cul-de-sac.
and another .
and another .
At one point, Bob, frustrated by the soap scripts, complains to the chief writer (Jim Fyfe) that his characters and Kelly of Kelly continue to go in circles, without suspicion of development or growth.
This is certainly the case here.
Joe obtains a job and ultimately ends up things; he and Mary Bicker; they are composed, only for the reason to be repeated.
Discarded with his bottle blonde, Bob gets his real blonde but is dissatisfied; he returns to the false and is still not satisfied.
If there is one point towards all this, Dicillo dances around him, spending his time to apparent digressions which, in the end, are not at all digressions.
The real blonde is not without entertainment.
He has a funny occasional line and situation; Leary, Henry, Lloyd, Steve Buscemi and Dave Chappelle shine in their small roles; Keener is a sympathetic and refreshing lead; the appearance of Berkley is fortunately brief (she receives a invoicing and aPlacement advertising scandalously prominent for a role of ten minutes); and there is the irony to make Caulfield play a very popular soap star which skyrocketed the notes (last year, the actor was dismissed from theDrama by day all my children after a little of six months - due to the spectator's lack of interest).
But overall, the real blonde is a frustrating sit which is up to the stereotypes of its title - it can be shiny on the surface, but nothing happens inside.
 (Open February 27)