Confucius said one day: "Govern a nation is like cooking a little fish - don't do too much."
Its maxim could be easily applied to writing a comedy script, because quantity on quality is one of the worst errors that an amateur scribe can make.
Admittedly, Mike Judge, writer-director of the work office space is not exactly an amateur (his most sadly famous work, the MTV series "Beavis and Butt-Head" was pure gold forits network).
But flawless, Judge manages to make fairly inexcusable errors in the office space by dividing an Affy plot on too much ground.
The concern in the conspiracy of the judge - a group of colleagues plans the fall of their despicable bosses - is not in his call.
In fact, on the basis of the popularity of Scott Adams "Dilbert "'s cartoon, which will soon have its own television series, a satirical view of the American Workplace is a hot element in Hollywood.
Unfortunately, the concept lends itself to sequences of sketch length which would be more comfortable on the set of "Saturday Night Live" rather than on a complete functionality.
The most convincing evidence of this are the trailers from Office Space, which present almost all the highest content of the film; this leaves the real image appearing very deflated.
Other proofs of the failure of the office space to work are its lack of good jokes.
Comedy is at best marginally funny, but not enough to make a theater house laugh.
The film material is in touch for an older demography than the judge is used to targeting, which could partly explain his work here.
However, the film is charged with too many failures - including the plot of token - to allow any excuse.
The intrigue is concentrated around three or four cubic engineers, led by Peter Gibbons (Ron Livingston), in a company called Initch.
After the film in -depth establishes the miserable working conditions in Initech, the film presents two consultants (John c. McGinley and Paul Willson) who are in charge of "reduction" of the company's wage bill.
When Peter and his gang learn from it, as well as the reason behind this - so their boss gently Bill Bill Lumbergh (Gary Cole) will increase - they started to create a plan to see his fall.
The circumstances that follow were obviously intended to be hilarious, but they come out as something else.
A sympathetic cast and a intrigue of Jennifer confused Aniston-en-Amour are all that maintains this one together, but it is definitely lacling instead of something more intelligent.