With Ben Stiller, Elizabeth Hurley, Maria Bello, the script for Janeane Garofalo by David Veloz, based on the novel by Jerry Stahl directed by David Veloz
Permanent Midnight is a very bad film, although it took me a few days to conclude this.
The film is more masturbatory than dark, with its main character determined to confuse us with its stupidity.
 (He has a habit of $ 6000 per week.)
In the end, as suitable by Veloz, Jerry Stahl turns out to be one of those boastful playgrounds that shakes at the age of twelve; you are less mystified by its self -destructive nature than to bother you in a stupor you-even.
Ben Stiller plays Stahl, a young author who arrives at L. Un. With ambition and a bad drug habit.
He finally obtained a concert for $ 5,000 / week to write for a sitcom called mr.chompres (a barely veiled replacement for "Alf": Chompres looks like that he is blue), marries a producer (Hurley) so that'She can get a green card and connects with a Spanish mother (Liz Torres), quitire of the heroine with him in the afternoon.
Insert a proverbial spiral here.
Permanent Midnight is structured mainly as a flashback, with a duty of drug addict in a Stiller recovery (in a fastfood restaurant, where Stiller works the Drive-Thru as part of rehabilitation), bringing it back to a hotel and between episodes ofSerious vision, listening to life story.
I spent last week trying to understand why Stiller never seemed to find the magnificent Hurley attractive of Hurley, I tried to understand why Hurley found stiller attractive.
As Stahl, Stiller shows none of the charm or the mind that we could expect (after-cheeks, there is something about Mary) of the actor or a comedy writer.
What separates Stahl from the hundreds of other Hollywood punk junkies, it seems is that Stahl wrote a book on his idiocy.
Watch Stahl get heroin next to a baby!
Look at Stahl spoil many pitch meetings with a babbling powered by Smack!
Stiller gives technically flawless performance: the film could serve as a documentary on how to be a drug addict.
But permanent midnight is especially soulless.
When the film poses that Stahl will be saved?
And then answers it in the form of the character of Bello (essentially a shrink in the black panties), can a person less care about it?
In the cinematographic version of his autobiography of the same name, Stahl does not need to safeguard, he needs someone who will sit there and listen to him for himself.
If you learn something about the other characters in this film, it is because they are the most known Hollywood types of man.
 (Stahl also seems to be the only person to Schmooze parties who make drugs.
Is it Hollywood ... California?)?)
I learned very little about the entertainment sector of permanent midnight and a lot about a selfish lunkhead.
Of course, you know that Stahl triumphed because he lived to talk about his problems.
So, basically, his habit of drugs obtained an agreement, a film based on his life, and now he apparently collaborates with Stiller on future projects.
So much for the moral of this story.
TEMPORARY midnight, that's more like that.
-Bill Chambers; September 1998