Hong Kong's cinema has gone through a bad spell.
The latest productions were brought up action adventures that combine both the best and the worst of American cinema with the same qualities of Hong Kong films.
In a word, the current Hong Kong films harvest was crazy and sumptuous and visually sumptuous.
With the only time the British colony returning to the ownership of the continent, many of the best talents in Hong Kong crossed the Pacific to work on U.S. Productions.
Talents such as Jackie Chan (Hour Rush), Chow Yun-Fat (Anna and The King, The Corruptter) and Yuen Wo-Ping (The Matrix) have all moved into the budgetary world of Hollywood cinema with mixed results.
Now we can add two other Hong Kong filmmakers to the mixture with Star Jet Li and the director and fight the choreographer Corey Yuen Kwai.
Unfortunately, "Romeo Must Die" carries all the brands of a typical Hollywood action film and none of Hong Kong's rhythms.
The film opens in a nightclub because an Asian couple is breaking.
Enter a group of Chinese gangsters led by Kai Sing (Russell Wong).
Kai faces Po Sing (Jon Kit Lee), the son of the boss of Kai and head of the local Chinese family.
A battle breaks out between the club's bodyguards and Kai, who kicked and hits his opponents.
It is only when the owner of the club Silk (rapper DMX), supports Kai and his henchmen that the fight ends.
The next morning, Po Sing was found dead.
Suspicions degenerate because Issac O'Day (Delroy Lindo) is informed of the murder.
His concern that the war between his family and the Chinese family could explode and ruin their plans to leave corruption affairs and in a legitimate business.
ISSAC implores his security chief, Mac (Issiah Washington) to monitor her son and daughter.
The scene moves to a prison in China, where Han Sing (Jet Li) learns the murder of his brothers.
He fights with the guards and is dragged to be disciplined.
Hagic upside down by one foot, Han recovers and fought out of the guard in a demonstration of combat and cascadery choreography.
escape the U.S.HAN undertakes to find the person responsible for the death of his brother.
 "Romeo Must Die" is in many ways a fun film.
He is both absurd and assured.
The basic intrigue of a gangster wanting to become legitimate echoes "The Godfather".
The relationship between Han de Jet Li and Trish O'Day by Aaliyah reminds us of the "China Girl" by Abel Ferrera, except that the couple of Romeo must never exchange once more than affectionate look at each other.
Their romance is much more Puritan than any other romance in the history of cinema.
The performance is adequate if not fully acceptable.
Li, of course, has the most awake part, having to express both an innocent and a firm determination.
Allayah, in his first feature film, manages to transport the little to be asked with a certain style and a certain grace.
It is obvious that the camera loves it and that it is very photogenic.
But, the play is always written in such a way that even a bad performance would not have affected it.
Delro Lindo as Issac O'Day is doing well in the film.
An unknown and undersea actor, Mr. Lindo turns out to be the best performance of the films.
The other artists are all adequate in what the script requires them, except in D. Néwoodside as the son of Issac, Colin.
The performance is not directed, the character changing his tone and his behavior in accordance with any place where he is.
An undeveloped performance which should have been reigned and / or better written.
The director for the first time Andrzej Bartkowiak does work to work in the management of the film.
Having a career as one of the best filmmakers in industry, Bartkiwiak knows how to configure his photos, and "Romeo Must Die" looks good.
But the rhythm of the film is lethargic, coming to a semblance of life during the combat scenes.
THE The script of Eric Bernt and John Jarrell does not concentrate in such a way that we can worry about the characters or situations in which they are.
The large gambit of the purchase of property by the water to facilitate the construction of a sports center for an NFL team is unnecessarily confusing.
And of course, the current practice of a character being the comic relief of the film becomes painfully obvious here as Anthony Anderson as a bodyguard of Allayah, Maurice has no comic timing.
The best things about the film are his combat scenes.
Jet Li is a master of these complex physical battles.
You just have to see his film "Fist of Legend" to understand that man is without peer in the field of martial art combat.
Here, Jet has the opportunity to show so that "Lethal Weapon 4" (the beginnings of Jet's U. S.) did not allow.
Unfortunately, many jet fighting is helped to computer effects that harm its capacity and precision.
Also "Romeo Must Die" must be noted as having the most useless effect that is ever engaged in the cinema, and it is an effect of X -rays which appears three times during the film, showing the effect of the blows ofOs crushing on an opponent.
Obviously, a tribute to the famous X -ray scene of "Streetfighter" by Sonny Chiba, the scenes here are simply useless and interfere with the rhythm of the film.
It is as if the film had stopped and that a video game had been inserted.
A problem on combat scenes.
Those who know Hong Kong Action know that even if the films are fantasies and are as far from reality as any anime or cartoon.
They have an internal pace for them.
A heartbeat, so to speak in their choreography.
The combat scenes in a Hong Kong film breathe with an emotional resonance.
This is created by performance, management and publishing.
Here in "Romeo must die", there is no staccato.
Each combat scene, even if technically, Adroit and Amazing becomes boring as the edition cuts both from the battle at hand and simple follows a game model.
The pace is monotonous.
A Hong Kong film has a changing tempo, increasing its emotional impact.
"RMD" is limited to a standard tempo of 4/4, allowing no emotional content.
A fine example of this difference can be found by examining some films by Jackie Chan ..
Look at the restaurant fighting from the film "Rush Hour" and notice that the context of the combat, although technically incredible is rather flat (the framing and the cup still do not help).
Now look at the warehouse fight for "Rumble in the Bronx".
There, you have a heart rate and an emotional print that does not let the public catch his breath.
Stops and breaks for a dramatic effect work perfectly, which means that the spectator is both surprised and amazed.
Here, in "Romeo Must Die", the combat scenes have no more emotional content or character than any fight of John Wayne Barroom.
Jet Li is a large and kind screen presence.
It is a shame that his complete talents were not used at full effect here.
Filmmakers of a day here in the U.S. will stop making films by figures and will start to embrace the style and emotion that have made Hong Kong Action pictures a commodity.
Until then, we will end up with an emotionally hollow product like "the replacement killer" and, currently "Romeo must die".