Wonderland is a rather sweet romantic film which is as subtle as a ton of bricks that fall on you.
You can see his intrigue develop at a distance mile.
are attracted to her benign history of a single 29 year old girl in search of a soul mate in Boston, because this city is represented as a mini-wonderland for singles.
It is a star -oriented film, and the star who carries the film is Erin (Hope Davis).
Whether it is a meeting film, on singles which, for reasons of destiny or luck, or what to do and better several times in contemporary films.
The fictitious documentary of without bankrupt beds has made it more provocative and with more sense of emergency than this film.
The main oddity in the plot here is that Hope's arrogant mother (Hollan) visits her to Boston, sees her daughter's relationship with a break in radical demonstration (Hoffman) and decides to put a personal announcement in the newspaper forHis school of medical school Harvardfille relaxed, who works as a nurse.
This is done without his knowledge.
These are Cornball Sitcom stuff, but at least it is managed as best it could be by the actors and the director.
It is easy to love Erin, she is brilliant, attentive and nicely blonde.
It is just as easy to take care of the soul mate with which she continues to miss contact, financially short and robust, intelligent and intelligent Alan (Alan), who no longer wants to work with his father as aPlumber but volunteered at the aquarium and frequent the college to become a marine biologist.
Of course, it appears as so good (however, it kills fish in the aquarium), that it is difficult to believe that it is for real, or just a brilliant cardboard knight in history to give itAn ideal for learning.
Artificial history revolves around their quasi-accidents by meeting in places such as metro, restaurant or on the phone.
Alan's brother responds to Erin's announcement with some of his friends, because they each try to respond to his announcement in a phony way, making a bet that the first one who arrives at the language embracing him, that the others testify, will win the bet.
This sub -intry was as unpleasant to see that to hear saying.
That we must see Erin go through several dates to prove the point to how sick these guys are, each more boring than the other, culminating in the most unpleasant, this Brazilian lover (Jose), who is almost as charmingThat snake oil seller, which is actually the one with which she almost flies away for a holiday in Brazil, was not only incredulous but downright contrary to the rich presentation of her character who was the heart of history.
Anyway, as expected, everything is fine that ends well, for this observable plush, which presents itself on the screen better than during the relationship of its history.
The dialogue was in fact not bad, those who dated Erin or trying to flirt with her seemed to pronounce authentic things that they would really say in their situation.
And, oh, by the way, the Wonderland refers to the stop of the Boston metro, this is where the lifting races take place.