For his director, Gary Oldman chose a very personal family drama on a violent husband and father, and the various lives he affects.
But while the characters, the places and the events can have a particular meaning for the writer-director, the public is left in the dark.
The center of this story is the abusive Raymond (Ray Winstone), and the film focuses on him and the people who orbit around him.
He spends his days spending time with his friends in pubs and bars for girls.
Then he returns home to his pregnant wife, Valerie (Kathy Burke) and their five -year -old daughter.
Raymond demonstrates his violent trends (and his paranoid illusions) from the start when he accuses Valérie's brother, Billy (Charlie Creed-Miles), to fly.
Raymond then proceeds to beat him (and bite him) with a bloody wreck.
But these are the least Billy problems.
Billy is a drug addict of heroin on the slowdown, and it does not seem that it will last much longer.
Billy's mother and Valerie, Janet (Laila Morse), is as a sworn enemy of Raymond.
She disapproves of him (and of him), but she is powerless to do anything.
She simply has trouble, hoping that her children will survive their respective torments.
If this description seems dark, I did not say half of it.
It is not a joyful film, and most of the time, it is downright depressing.
Although sometimes it is interesting to look to see what makes Raymond vibrate, and why nobody simply calls the cops on him, in the end, it is not worth it.
There are too many scenes that dot the image at random with little or no goal.
For example, take the extended sequence where one of Billy's Scuzzy friends defends a wandering puppy.
The film is filled with these "character moments" which never really realize.
Admittedly, there are a few truly powerful (and disgusting) moments in the film, but their expression seems to be more a catharsis for the creator than us.
The actors do a good job, especially in central roles.
The good thing about an actor who has become a writer is that Oldman knows how to write good scenes, and the actors of no mouth have meat in which they can tear.
The bad thing about an actor who has become director is that there is no one to prevent Oldman from making bad choices.
A good character drama should mean something for people involved in making the film and the public.
Oldman had about half right.