Affairs Games is easily the worst of the three recent films written by Ehren Kruger (Scream 3 and Arlington RD are the others, each derivative in their special way).
The guy does not seem to write a credible dialogue (sample of reindeer games: "Rule n ° 1: never put a car thief behind the steering wheel"), create characters with multiple facesur of many absurd twists and turns (no matter if everyonejudge the real history increasingly unlikely).
His script for Rennes Games transforms the public tables as long as watching the film becomes a punishment without reward anywhere in sight.
I can just imagine Kruger laughing behind his keyboard, "Oh you thought my film was going to go here, F * CK You Jack Ass, take this twist, decipher this mother F * Cker!"
It was almost as if the writer was angry with us to have spent money to see his stupid film.
And why would Devil do we want to invest in a film when the screenwriter continues to change his own rules for no other reason than to congratulate himself on his intelligence?
The author's theory is damned; it is Kruger's "style", not the director who finds himself on the screen.
Kruger obviously never did a lot of mind at the old chestnut "sometimes less it's more".
And his many twists and turns cannot even pretend to be original; the end of Arlington RD is a direct flight from the best Alan J. The thriller of Pakula the Parallax View, and in the Renne Games, we get this OL 'jewel; the character is incriminated by saying something that they should not know (pronouns used to protect the sex of "character" ... grammar
be damned).
 "How did you know that?"
The amazed protagonist asks, suddenly realizing that the character was in the whole from the start.
 .
 .
Given that the torsion ends are currently so in vogue, and given how Kruger scenarios are generally equipped with about three twists and turns per end, I suppose that it is not surprising that it works so frequently.
He quickly became Mickey Mouse of Miramax; the company has already signed him to work on several of his next projects.
This is appropriate given that Miramax (which would place their label on some of the most daring films) quickly became a greenhouse for foreign chandon imports (life is beautiful) and Freddie prinze jr.veichules.
The current logo of their business could be "we are surveying trends".
The Renne Games features Ben Affleck in the role of Rudy, a supposedly hardened criminal spending his days and nights behind bars with fantasies of pacans dancing at the top of his head.
Although Affleck has tattoos in barbed wire to insinuate Bad Assness, he plays the role like Steve Guttenberg assauling preciously through a film from the Police Academy.
Affleck is such a puppy that it is impossible to believe that it could survive in a severe penitentiary environment without becoming almost the dog of everyone.
The role itself is so seriously written (the character only grows bullets when the intrigue calls it), the twists and turns so scandalous, and the staging so consciously aware that this is about as close to theAuto-Paris that I can recall a "serious" serious "the film getting.
He was perhaps wise if the filmmakers were simply going in this direction, throwing Jerry Seinfeld like the hardened criminal and Howard Stern as the bad guy (who played here by Gary Sinise in another mean performance))))
James Frain is Nick, Rudy's cell companion, an involuntary homicide who found a pen with a pen in the magnificent Ashley Mason (Charlize Theron).
Ashley is a prison group that sends Nick many photos of cheese cake although she has never seen a photo of him.
What works well because the character is killed in a quasi-riot, and Rudy (who was to be released the same day as Nick) takes his place, which leads to a sudden and very frantic sex scene between Ashley and Rudy ( So frantic, it looks a bit like rape) and a surprise visit to Ashley's brother, Gabriel (Gary Sinise), who argues in their shabby hotel room flanked by his cohorts Royeous.
He plans to steal an Indian casino the day before Christmas with the help of Rudy who, according to him, is Nick who, according to what he wrote in letters to Ashley, worked as a goalkeeper in the Indian casino.
Although at the end, the film releases the carpet from Under us so frequently that everything I described could as well be out of words.
This is what you can expect if you choose to take this reindeer; several scenes in which, after catching his prey, the villain continues to block endlessly until the good guy has a chance to kill his ravableAnd to break a stupid line.
Included: two (2) scenes of two (2) different villains explaining their motivations to the hero when they should kill him (one following the others no less).
Although this is an action film, the end is more a talkfest where we get the whole film that is explained to us by an actor of agitated character after the other while Affleck looks, incredulous as a public.
The film was directed by John Frankenheimer, a simple action director who was lucky in the candidate of the Manchurian at the start of his career, fell from the A list after a series of flops and now, in his old age, climbs slowly.
It would be a success if he chose better scripts, but his last major film was Ronin (one of these films almost but not quite) which followed the island of Dr.Morneau
 (You remember, the one with Marlon Brando in mimed makeup and a not so flattering MOOOO), and now that.
It films action sequences with a minimum rapid cut that I like to consider that nowadays, the action scenes are generally made up of millisecond flash cuts attached together and arranged for an MTV audience with a cerebral zélation to be separated.
The problem is that these action scenes (almost all stranded escapes) are useless in history other than advancing the duration of the duration and reminding the public that their gaze of a rather action filmthan a piece of filmed radio.
The problems of character abound; Rudy is designed to move between Sweet Boy next to it and Wiseacre, the latter, the latter is not (at least at this stage) something that Ben Affleck is capable of withdrawing.
The first he can do with ease and often the actor is called on his sickly charm while those around him grow away and swear.
But then suddenly, Affleck begins to growl and swear by their side as the class clown imitating a Tarantino gangster.
Charlize Theron, an extraordinary talent, is, like Affleck, which plays the role that the script forces him to play, be it vulnerability in a moment, anger to the next.
She has never had the chance to prove a charm or to make a great impression beyond her obvious physical attributes (Frankenheimer unnecessarily burst her top for more in italics.
Gary Sinise frequently played this role, and here, as in the snake eyes, he does the villain rumbled with such a vitriol. The only thing that keeps him more interested), that it becomes more discomfort (oh there, he comes back???) than a threat.
These are talented people who made the mistake of jumping on a script with little but characters in stock and a bag of stuff that he springs up on his audience.