Lucas was wise to start his Star Wars trilogy with episode 4: episode 1 is a boring and empty show that has beautiful special effects.
After the familiar a long time ago .... ''
Opening, the film begins with the opening yellow ramp which appears in each film and computer game Star Wars.
The plot is that the Commercial Confederation prevents supplies to the peaceful planet of Naboo, governed by Queen Amidala (Portman) Jedi Knights Qui-Gon (Neeson) and Obi Wan (McGregor) are sent to negotiate an agreement with the Confederation to stopblockade.
However, this simple blockage is not all it seems, and the Jedi Knights must soon face much more dangers, especially in front of the Dark Maul evil (Ray Park.)
They also meet the future Dark Vadar, Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd)
Star Wars is largely a failure in all the main areas of cinema: script, direction and characters.
The script is desperately trying to make a slim and boring story in a two -hour epic.
The intrigue of the Commercial Confederation is simply not as exciting as the death star, and as the film takes place on the drama becomes more and more non -existent.
There is no underlying tension and no urgent need to see what is the result.
The film also takes a quiet rhythm by telling the story boring, which does not help.
There is no cliché for the film to work, it moves on a PLOD.
The script is boring: all the characters speak in morality, in particular the mother of Anakins.
There is no obvious group spirit here, and when all the characters can only speak in deep statements or bark orders, it is obvious that little will happen.
The two tracks are hideously boring and static characters who have little to do and too much time to do it.
Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan do not hold any presence in the cinema and do not give much to the public.
The public will probably warm up more to the bad Dark Maul, if he had received more screen time.
Maul is one of the most underused villains in the history of cinema, even if he provides the only intrigue `` right '' in the film (all the other plots of this film must be concluded throughout thetrilogy.)
Anakin is boring and unmanageable.,
Instead of Cute and Bouffon like Lucas without a doubt.
It is probably not surprising that his hateful little boy, unfortunately blessed `ani '' by all those he knows, joins the dark side and kills everything as quickly as possible.
The relief of the comedy is supposed to be provided by the pot in the gangly brinks pot, although in the end, none is provided in the film by him.
Although its floppy characteristics will undoubtedly be excellent for plush toys, the lines and actions given to it are painfully funny.
The only good laugh is when his tongue is burned by a "pod" runner, because I knew he couldn't speak for a while.
Queen Amidala is nothing in the film, she is useless of real outside the fact that she must "serve her people" and go gooo on Anakin.
Again, his role will become more important in the last episodes and will be little to do here.
The actors do not help the film either.
Liam Neeson seems bored and embarrassed, and seems desperate to leave the film as quickly as possible.
McGregor appears as a boy of chic mothers, with little charm.
The casting director must have chosen it because he is Scottish like Alec Guinness: there are few other explanations for this.
Natalie Portman is plagued by hideous costumes and a bad script, but she offers a damn performance.
And Jake Lloyd looks at everyone with hateful eyes and delivers his lines in a boring voice.
There is very little obvious talent with him, it is difficult to see why Lucas chose it when there are better children actors.
He is not even very cute. '
The main statement of the film, the special effects, is correct.
There is nothing impressive about them, but they complete the story well.
However, the CGI removes a large part of the human element.
The battle droid S For example, the replacement of Stormtroopers, are small IT without character, devoid of humor and humanity which come from Stormtroopers.
Episode 1 is simply disappointing.
It has high production values, but few others.
The music is winding, except towards the end.
The intrigue does not give us anyone to root us, or even take care.
The effects are beautiful, but dull.
The intrigue continues half an hour more than it should.
There is an air of manufacture among the whole desolate case, and many clichs are taken care of throughout the film.
In addition to a sequence of pod breed at an exciting distance, episode 1 is a dry affair which serves little goal, except to earn money and make us look at episode 2 to see what happens to the many unfinished intrigue of the unfinished intrigue ofmovie.
Disappointing is hardly the word.
note =