There is so much to criticize, I don't know where to start.
Recommendation: Turn off your brain - Do not be like me, decreasing the note every day because I think about it too much.
A comet is about to hit the earth, causing a disaster similar to the level of extinction (for example) which has destroyed the dinosaurs.
The following is the story of the candidacy of a president to think for the good of his people, an upright journalist, the love story of two adolescents (one of whom discovered the comet),And a team of astronauts on the "Messiah" ship to save world.
First, there is nothing very lower than the film's making (there is nothing very well on this subject), but the holes of the intrigue makes the film cheese and stupid.
To be honest, I was more moved by the trailer than the film itself (which does not say much).
The follow -up of Mimi Leder in "The Peacemaker" is just as incompetent, with all the big stars wasted.
 (Maybe I'm just annoyed that the release of "The Peacemaker" in the United States has overshadowed a much superior thriller, "the mission".)
It is very obvious that the title represents not only the great boom which will result from the collision, but also evokes the strong impact on human life.
However, the film simply fails on this note.
The effects are worn, the lower quality scenario limited the action game, and the director continued his sad race in terms of good repair references.
She always earns a lot of money.
The unfortunate character of Léoni, The News Reporter, is the foundation of history and distribution.
But the film suffers from too many characters who do not need to be explored.
Robert Duvall's aging astronaut is lifeless, and the president of Morgan Freeman is limited, well, a just president (which means that he is not at all interesting).
The character of Leoni is the only attractive and is played with a reasonable conviction (but a rather special demonstration during the declaration for MSNBC), but was definitively undervalued by the director and the writers.
Warning: Spoilers included (but a large part is unimportant and predictable anyway).
Plot holes, traced holes, traced holes.
Now, E.L.E.
Do you threaten to exterminate more than 99% of the human race, and they send eight small nuclear bombs darling there?
Where is the logic?
Leder could at least have made it plausible with 20.
And then it turns out that only a few percent of the world's population really perishes, and those less selfish (those who stayed at home) were the victims.
The film almost made fun of them, telling them that they died for nothing.
I also do not see how two teenagers, carrying a baby, would be the first to climb on the mountain / hill, even with a motorcycle for a start -up.
It is unlikely that dust will only take two years to settle, but it doesn't really matter.
The construction of caves was a strategy mentioned in "Dr.
Strangelove ', who proposed that people lived underground for a hundred years.
Now it is a more practical use for caves.
What is the point of living in the caves?
There is not, unlike `dr.
Strangelove ', any radioactivity outside to restrict the exhibition.
How do plants grow?
If humans have technology to keep plants alive in caves, there is no reason why they cannot do it in the open air.
The president revealed that other countries were preparing their own caves.
Obviously, this means that other countries were informed a long time ago, and you cannot be serious to say that no one has disclosed the news to the media.
In an important mission like that of the "Messiah", moreover any mission, it is impossible that it is not a sufficient fuel for a few hundred additional meters, it goes without saying that dozens of kilometers.
Isn't that a deep impact? It is a cheap frivolous impact.
But even with all this, a suraglissation and a 3.4 note, it is always observable, do not think of Abou t it.
d'accord ?