I hope that more films take questions of faith and morality in the modern world.
And I hope that filmmakers use commandments as a plan on how _not_ do it.
The writer / director Daniel Taplitz created a bizarre conglomeration of satire and soul research in this story of Seth Warner (Aidan Quinn), a man of faith who comes up against a sequence of bad luck that generally inspires the words of the country-Tre: his pre -painted wife, his house is destroyed by a tornado, he loses his job and his dog is paralyzed by a lightning.
Convinced that God broke his half of the alliance, Seth decides to break his own and proposes to transform each "you will not do" from the ten commandments into a "you of Shalt" (and vice versa).
His wife Rachel's sister ("friends" 'courteney cox) wants to help Seth; Rachel's selfish husband, Harry (Anthony Lapaglia), who tends to break her own commandments, thinks that Seth is crazy.
Thus begins a film that chooses the bad tone for every occasion.
Taplitz is not interested in treating Seth tragedies as truly tragic, which makes it impossible to sympathize with him.
The composer Joseph Vitarelli provides a full partition of whimsical wood, transforming Seth's sacrilege mission into a funny lark; the performance of Quinn as Seth is a fervor with wild eyes without any authentic pain.
The real breakdown of commandments is almost treated as a reflection afterwards, with one to five dispatched in a five -minute assembly.
The result is a character whose actions are less like the authentic responses of an anxious man than to the machinations of a film intrigue with high concept.
It is not even completely clear that commandments concern Seth.
The corporate lawyer Rachel receives a case which is supposed to soften a hard heart, we see no indication that she has, while Harry obtains her co -pump in the context of the "false witness" of Seth.
Only Courteney Cox strikes a note of reality in a solid performance; it is a healthy center around what turns too much men in difficulty.
Even she cannot force Taplitz to decide what story it is, or what we should have learned about the struggles in our lives and our relationship with infinity.
As Seth makes a biblical reappearance singularly at the end of the film, it has become clear that Taplitz aims for a fantastic fable that makes no link with a real human experience.
Commandments is a bad comedy that could have been a decent drama if Daniel Talitz had had the courage to take the faith - and his loss - seriously.