Walken plays a gangster who is kidnapped and held for ransom by four children rich in Bratty.
It seems that a woman was also kidnapped - she is the sister of one of them (for example.
Henry Thomas) and the girlfriend of another (Flannery) - and the price requested is $ 2 million, which indicated that the snoring could not cough alone.
They even cut Walken's finger to show that they mean business because they are desperate to save the woman's life.
Suicide Kings is a terrible film.
Walken aside, there is not a single attractive member of the distribution.
O'Fallon creates characters that are functional types without resonance.
In a fun scene, Walken plays the poker with the quartet and describes each of their personalities to a tee - it is as if he read the summary sheet of a casting director.
The plot is entirely another problem.
O'Fallon is someone I bet has seen tank dogs and the usual suspects too many times, because not only is his story derogates from bizarre tangents from where they never come back (do we really need theScene where Dennis Leary beats the drums of abusive father with a toaster, who is entirely unrelated to the character of history and Leary, or the many anecdotal sequences? ..
By the fourth major revelation / torsion, I had completely settled, asking myself what attracted these actors in the material.
Recently, a peer, another young filmmaker, informed me that he had an idea for a film on four guys, the crowd and the FBI.
He came to my mind, so what's wrong with India as suicide Kings: I suspect that O'Fallon has never met gangster, is not a rich man, does not deliverEndless "intelligent" monologues to his friends about his favorite types of boots ...
In short, these guys simply laugh at other films, and in doing so, making the same film over and over again.
Tarantino has found his niche and now hundreds of Genxers with movie cameras are trying to find the Tarantino niche instead of sculpting theirs.
-Revue at the Toronto International Film Festival