Your first clue that something is not going well with the film that you are about to see: it is strongly on the Christmas theme and its release date is, oh, for example, at the end of February.
Your second clue that something is wrong with everything varies with the film that you are about to see: Charlize Theron, one of the questionable stars of the film, makes an appearance in the Daily Show in which, when we have himAsked if her new film is good, she replies with the equivalent of a verbal sigh ...
Make sure that, yes, it's certainly a film, okay!
And there are scenes like the ones you expect to find in a film, and there is an action ...
And there are others...
thing ...
Also .
How to immediately attract my attention: open your film with five dead in Santa Claus combinations.
Then display a legend while reading "Six days earlier ..."
You know, I was honestly interested in discovering what killed all these poor Santas ...
How to immediately lose my attention: Follow your opening scene with a Terminal and Terminale-which is not a scene scene.
Write a line for that of prisoners like "I just want to get home and eat Christmas dinner and watch a ball with my father."
Then ask Ben Affleck to say this line, on the film, and forget to leave it on the floor of the cut room.
To make a good measure, throw a badly motivated prison riot and that the best friend of Affleck has stabbed ...
AW ...
And only two days before his release too.
Already the shots are stacked and when it rains, it pours.
How to attract my attention, rush violently against the rocks and make me consider my strategy to call "hunting rifle" about an hour before I know that credits roll: deny your characters the possibility of thinking.
Ask Ben Affleck, for any reason, I will never understand, claim that he is his dead prison boyfriend so that he can play his girlfriend, played by Charlize Theron.
Ask Gary Sinise to introduce himself and force both to participate in a badly planned casino breakage.
The big idea of the bad guys?
Kidnap Affleck because he was a security guard at the casino, the force to tell you where all the doors of the place are, then dress in Santa Claus costumes, create "diversions" and steal the place.
On paper, it seems to be the fabric of a potential comedy, but the veteran director John Frankenheimer wrongly picks up this piece of paper and thinks that he looks at the creation for a kind of intelligent action-crime thriller.
It is not as if man was not able ...
far from there .
He is the man responsible for classic political thrillers like the Manchurian candidate and seven days in May.
It amazed me with some of the most memorable car prosecutions I have ever seen in Ronin from last year.
But it is certainly guilty of having produced certifiable losers ...
Put the reindeer games on the shame shelf with its 1996 version of the island of Dr.Moreau.
Step in Stape to make your film as easily forgotten as possible: launch Ben Affleck in the role of the most generic hero in the world.
He does not receive good linings, he cannot pull or implode anything in a new and interesting way, and all that we know about him is that he regrets his past as a car thief and wantsA cup of hot chocolate and a piece of pieces of pecan.
His name is Rudy (abbreviation of Rudolph, in all likelihood.
You see, this is called the Renne Games.
get it?
get it?
shut up .)
In the past, Affleck has been at his best support actor, and the Renne Games do nothing to advance his viability as a leading man.
Second step in creating your film as easily forgotten as possible: Gary Sinise's bad guys and looks like the most standard film, a filmmaker could have it.
He is dirty and speechless, he has long and scouring hair and a barbiche, and I expected what he comes out of the casino wearing bags with giant dollars panels.
It is also extremely incompetent with what it does.
He thinks that the Criarch costu cowboy The combinations of my and santa make acceptable disguises, and he trusts the character of Affleck to pass even after, and many times, he deceives him and lies him almost.
But instead of drawing from the comic strip possibilities of this role, Sinise seems to think that he plays a kind of hard, intelligent and smooth criminal brain, rather than the complete moron which was obviously written in the script.
[On a side note, Gary Sinise wins the "title!"from this week.
Price, as it is he who manages to awkwardly pile up the name of the film in one of his lines at the start of the procedure.
The winner last week was Natasha Henstridge for the nine yards.]]
How to take your bad idea and worsen things: include two or three twists and turns of the intrigue which, instead of making stupidity apparently of the plan, suddenly seem intelligent, making the plan even more ridiculous and improbable.
It's a bad movie.
And what is worse is that, with the exception of a few moments near the conclusion not so moving that absorbent games are replaced by the ridiculously absurd reindeer games never really give us the satisfaction of being ridiculouslybad.
If they had done so much, at least I would have been entertained.