She was the woman in "The Nikita woman".
He was the Baldwin in "Backdraft", "Sliver" and "Fair Game" (with Cindy Crawford).
Together, Anne Parillaud and William Baldwin conspire to make "the broken image" the biggest piece of Hooey since the "thriller" of Stallone / Stone "" The Specialist ".
The film poses the question "And if the life you live now is really a dream, and your dreams?"
It is either a woman who is haunted by a recurring (and recurrent and recurrent) nightmare) that she is an assassin hired, where it is an assassin hired who is haunted by a recurring nightmare (and recurrentAnd recurrent) that she is in honey with William Baldwin in Jamaica.
It doesn't matter much and believe me when "the broken image" follows its painful and pedestrian course that you don't care.
These Two Lives, With Parillaud Looking Like Siouxsie Sioux with a Black Wig, Black Emotionless Eyes, and Black Leather Clothing in the Seattle-Based Assassin Scenes, and Moping Around Like Karen Carpenter in the Jamaica Scenes, Play Out Endlessly Throughout the Film and TheleResult is that it is now * twice * as boring as it could have been.
It's not just complicated plots cannot be entertaining.
Of course, this helps if you have interesting characters, a net dialogue and a minimum of style.
 "Broken image" is not complex, it's just stupid.
and boring.
Parillaud and Baldwin, which are not exactly Shakespearean equipment to start, are struggling with a dialogue such that their characters have no chance of freeing themselves from their cardboard limits.
lines like:
 "You don't pray, insist.
I like it to a woman. "
It is the character of Parilaud who speaks ...
To his cat!
And :
 "You are not the reason why I don't care about you."
eh ?
And this wonderful bathroom exchanger at the start of the film:
 "If you give me a few minutes, you know I'm going to charm your pants."
 "I don't have this kind of time."
Speaking of pants, parillaud has his clothes faster than you can say "no non-return".
We expect that from Billy Baldwin, but it could have been pleasant to have learned something about their characters first.
But there is nothing to learn.
Karen is as interesting as a cereal box, a crybaby of someone who makes me get out of someone who imagines the voice to the other end of the phone, the stranger who sends her flowers, maybe evenHer husband himself is his future.
Siouxsie is the Crack Chromium Cool and Cool Killing Machine which draws some mirrors in order to justify the title of stock devoid of the film.
Baldwin seems more interested in the Parilaud nest (so that he can pave paradise and install a parking lot) than him.
Whenever Graham Greene presents himself, he is killed.
Barbet Schroeder ("reversal of fortune") has co-produced and should be ashamed of itself.
From time to time, it's fun to watch a very bad movie.
And from time to time, as "the broken image" makes it clear, this is not the case.