The classical history and the production that ruined it
Marking the anniversary of the centenary of 1896 H.Gells Classic, New Line Cinema, armed with a stellar distribution and expert makeup effects, the man Stan Winston (Alien, Predator, Terminator, etc.) produces another filmHollywood based on the classic novel.
Of course, production is undoubtedly much higher than that of the 2 previous films, one of which was done in 1933 and the other in 1977, under the title The Island of Lost Souls (sounds like a much better title..
History begins with Edward Douglas (Thewlis), a United Nations representative sent to supervise a peace treaty somewhere in the South Pacific, saved from death by Montgomery (Kilmer) after his plane crashes in thesea.
Douglas soon learns that Montgomery works for Dr.Moreau, who accidentally, has the island and also a renowned geneticist who received the Nobel Prize.
The reluctance of his host to allow him to move freely on the island becomes clear when he fell into the Moreau laboratory, when a monstrous birth was in progress.
Worse, other laboratory workers are not exactly normal "people".
Douglas comes across another shocking discovery when led to the Beast Community, which considers Dr. Moreau their manufacturer.
Using shock therapy and law, Dr.Moreau has long been able to keep his civilized beast to a certain extent, but there are some animal men who are simply too wild to be checked.
The island of Dr.
Moreau questions the capacity of men playing God.
Dr.Moreau is a man obsessed with the creation of a breed of beings without hatred and violence ... But the savage in each beast is not something that can be removed for a long time.
Moreau undoubtedly has a very interesting premise within its reach.
Despite this, production failed to get the most out of it.
There are too many characters to put your attention and the worst is that the characters are not "prioritized", so when the public is led to believe that a particular character is important, before they know, him orshe or perish it .... rather
Sometimes sometimes.
Perhaps there is a certain redemption in the development of the stupid people, in particular Aissa (Balk), the most human of the creations of Moreau.
The two very important characters, Montgomery and Dr.Moreau himself receives no development and it is in this area that the script fails miserably.
More screen time could have been used for the interaction and development of the characters.
I would have really liked better if, let's say, they plunged more into Dr. MOREAU's obsession, Montgomery's goal in history and justification for which the beast had to rebel.
Perhaps the nature of the scenario, which accidentally, does not incorporate a lot of action sequences in the film, forced the filmmakers to "cut a long story" and make more action film than any otherSomething (it's always summer, and films have "marketable").
The special effects are also really nothing to scream.
At most, I would say that the beasts seemed a little more realistic than these monkeys in the planet of the apes.
This H.G .Wells Classic really has the potential to be a good film.
Unfortunately, after 2 adaptations, they still could not decide how and what to concentrate their attention to really bring out this important message which constitutes the whole essence of history.
As a third outing, the island of Dr.Moreau
Perform little and is nothing more than a lower version of "the planet of the apes".
The Flying Inkpot rating system: * Wait for TV2 diffusion.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.