Take advantage of the success of white men cannot jump and the failure of most of their solo vehicles (including the way and drop zone), Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson found themselves, hoping that they will be able to contest thesame success.
Unfortunately, if this lamentable, classified and slippery photo of a boring spirit is something to pass, they have no chance of getting closer to get closer.
This time, the duo plays the Foster brothers who are transit cops.
After several entries with their tyrannical boss (Robert Blake), which is obsessed with the "monetary train" - a train that carries all the catches of the metro - and will not let anything stop (now * there is * a device ofOriginal intrigue), the character of Harrelson decides to try to take off with the money.
Along the way, the two fall in love with the same woman - another transit cop who also hates her boss.
This leads to the typical shit of the rivalry of the brothers and sisters that you usually find in a film of this standard ("You were always the best brother" etc. etc.), and does not help add anything to the film.
Given a better script, better interpreters in support roles and a shorter duration (the film almost spent for two hours - or did it just want?), This film could (and I wantTo say * could *) turned out to be well, but as it is stored with the worst film of films, the only goal of which seems to be to win the film at its painfully long duration.
Robert Blake, who plays The Evil Boss, must be the most pathetic villain in the history of cinema!
It looks like Wayne Newton, and seems to think that the best way to appear evil is to make your eyes swell as if they were about to burst out their catch!
But this is just a money train problems.
If you watch the script as if it were an action film, it lacks originality and suspense.
But if you try to watch it as if it were a robbery film, it's even worse.
The final flight sequence is almost trivialized and the characters are certainly not Butch and Sundance.
The film is not so bad, however.
Snipes and Harrelson, when they do not use the stupid clichés that the script gives them, makes a pleasant duo, and part of the cascade work is indeed excellent.
But a good stunt work cannot save an action film at the bottom of the barl.
If you are a really uninformed action monster, there is a chance that you will like it.
But if you are looking for something original or suspense, try elsewhere - I doubt that you will find it here.