Late to you, the main female character (Julia Stiles) declares that her biggest fear is to have an "artificial conversation" with his boyfriend (Freddie Prinze Jr.).
The irony of this declaration will not be lost for the members of the public who have not yet been released, have fallen asleep or have otherwise abandoned this pathetic attempt at romantic comedy.
The film is a testimony of several million dollars of everything that is artificial.
Filled with characters, motivation, conspiracy and dialogue that sound false and superficial at each stage, it is an undeniable disaster.
Prinze plays a student with the intention of playing on the field until he falls in love with the recruit of Stiles.
At first, the film seems to be an attempt to launch scenes for the sole purpose of going beyond the previous one in the way it can be "cute".
The happy couple "psychoanalyzing" each other; they choose a song because, as the mother DJ de Prinze (Lucie Arnez) explains, each couple needs a song; they feel their shampoo; they scratch thechest in the morning to let her know that she wants to make love.
Then, in the style of standard romantic comedy, things collapse.
Why ?
Well, because they have to do it.
Otherwise, the couple cannot make up for it and live (probably) happy forever.
To you exist outside the field of normal logic.
The scenes do not connect to each other and it often seems to try a kind of surrealism, but that is so badly managed that everything stands out at random and stupid instead.
A picnic scene involving the six key characters is simply bizarre, not only for the stretched logic of these people who hang out together, or even know each other, but above all because an unusual quantity of screen time is dedicated toa goat.
The support characters are remarkably flat and also ridiculous with insult.
The best friend of Stiles (Rosario Dawson) is a pot of pot, the roommate of Prinze (Shawn Hatosy) is a crazy girl who cannot meet women, then there are porn stars (Zak Orth and Selma Blair).
He is one of those famous porn stars which is frequently interviewed on television, makes the conference circuit of the college and stars in high budget epic porn which are turned on cinema.
You know, the average porn star.
The epic idea of the costume gives him a reason to appear in a different ridiculous outfit each time he is on the screen, the porn angle exists so that there can be some stupid sexual jokes.
It is a porn star especially, so we know that she is slutty, so her very existence will make Stiles jealous and prinze tempted.
The attempts at theater (which means that Julia will cry) includes a frightening of pregnancy and the great rupture.
These characters are so insipid that the most indulgent spectator would be manipulated by these weak scenes.
What happened here?
The casting is full of young friendly and promising actors (Stiles seems to go in places).
The writer / director Kris Isacsson simply gave them so weak equipment that even the seasoned pros could not realize it.
In fact, the whole film looks like a reshuffle of the extremely unpleasant history of last year, for the adolescent public.
Management is obvious in the school film.
It is elegant in an extremely aware of oneself that throws into the shared screen, an unnecessary parody of "cops", characters entering the flashbacks of other characters, and a hilarious airport meeting between Prinze and Stiles where allThe extras move in motion fast while the couple moves to extreme idle.
In addition, the whole story is told of the style of Flashback, told by Prinze and Stiles addressing the camera directly.
This is the second consecutive film (the following squadron commander) with Freddie Prinze Jr. which should have been presented in the aisles of the local blockbuster but was probably saved from this fate because of the success of the stroke of luck that sheis all that.
If he does not start to make better choices quickly, his future films will not be as lucky.