In life, Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence play two young men wrongly sentenced for murder and sentenced to life prison.
After about an hour watching this film, you start to realize what their characters feel.
Fortunately, for public members, there is a chance to escape the nearest exit.
It is undoubtedly the worst film by Eddie Murphy and it is an accomplishment.
Do you remember the golden child, Harlem Nights?
Compared to life, they look like Citizen Kane.
Life is long, predictable, rude and only funny by intermittentness.
Its 100 -minute operating time looks like 100 years.
The scenario of Robert Ramsey and Matthew Stone consist essentially of Murphy and Lawrence referring to everyone around them like "Motherf ... S" or "N ... .. ... ... ...
s. "
You lose the account how many times these two unpleasant offensive words are used.
And if everything you need to write a script, any illiterate moron can sit on a word processor and compose a film.
But, like life, it probably stinks.
To be honest, the projection audience around me in the theater believed it.
But it was the same people who also howled flatulence and big jokes.
Life is as sophisticated as a Belch.
It's raw and stereotypical.
Years ago, the films depict stereotypical of people subject to blacks and second -class people, good for women and servants.
For the most part, the lot of blacks and other racial groups has improved.
But a new, more insidious stereotype slips into films.
In many recent films, through actors such as Murphy and Chris Tuckers, blacks are presented as start-up artists, crooks or young hip-hop, crazy about firearms.
The two sets of caricatures are degrading.
And the fault is not based with the actors.
They must also eat.
It is with people who write the scripts, the studios that light up the projects and the public who accept these representations without protest.
The only redemptive virtue of life is the artistic talent of the legend of Rick Baker makeup which perfectly aged Murphy and Lawrence in 90 years.
Otherwise, life is discomfort, a stain on the curriculum vitae of those associated with it.
See it at your own risk.