Ok ok.
Maybe I was not in a mood to watch an insane action film; I am the same person who loved Lethal Weapon III, even admitting that it was not as good as the others.
Howwer, Segal's latest photo does not look so bad, and like none of my friends would see a film Woody Allen even if I paid them, I went to see him waiting for a new news-rehash.
Boy, was I bad!
In the first half of the film, we are already attacked with Segal's game (it is not just wooden; it is like a wall), free violence, incredible intrigue, sexist nudity and even more free, andBad lines that were obviously involved jokes.
In the end, it is obvious that hundreds of men from the navy are not up to thirty soldiers of the armed special forces.
Not once in the film, Segal did not seem worried or undecided, which did not do much to increase the non-existent suspense.
Of course, in films like these, there must be an acolyte and a romantic interest.
In these, we are given a two for one in the form of a playboy model (in the film), which only works as a supposed comic relief (in the manner of extremely stupid lines), and to haveWounded eyes and watching every time something bad happens in the film.
Oh, of course, it seems naked upwards up and, of course, Segal kisses her at the end after no development of their relationship; they did not even seem to be interested in each other.
I have never seen so little chemistry between two people in a film.
Often the villain saves the film; unfortunately, the bad guys here are caricatured, stupid and funny, denouncing.
How many films have bad psycho ex-specials?
too much .
I was able to predict the action throughout the film, including the moment when the companion saves the hero of a certain death, the scene when the bad guy can kill the hero but continues to explain his plan, the scene whereWe are shown superior of the hero are stupid, the scene where the villain loses his weapon and must fight the hand in hand, etc ...
It is simply said, it is the making of films by the figures, boring and potentially offensive by opting for the lowest common denominator of the public.
My recommendation: if you will see it, bring a watch.
You will see it for most of the film.
My .
Rent die hard.
read a book .
Look at the sky.
Do not waste your time on this piece of valuable celluloid.
The real sad thing is that there are many films that I would have preferred; again, dragged by my friends, who, by the way, loved the film half.
They probably like the fight too: -).