Almost every film that Tim Burton made has been a tribute to the kind of horror - "Frankenweenie", "Beetlejuice", "Batman", "Edward Scissorhands", "Ed Wood", "Mars attack!"
- However, none of them were horror films.
 "Sleepy Hollow" is his first attempt to scare people.
I praised the perspective with great anticipation; the whole career of Burton seemed to go.
I left disappointed.
Andrew Kevin Walker's script takes only the names of characters from the short classical story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow".
In the film, Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is a New York police officer who tries to introduce scientific investigation methods to his superiors.
Ichabod is sent to the small town of Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of murders.
Several of the main citizens of the city were beheaded by the headless rider.
Although he rejects the ghost history that the elders of the city tell him, Ichabod notes that the facts of the case confuse his scientific reasoning.
He also discovers that the murders are not random, that the victims are bound by a secret.
Along the way, Ichabod obtains the help of a bewitching young woman (literally) (Christina Ricci) and the son of one of the victims of the murder (Marc Pickering).
My reaction: Ho-Hum.
The intrigue is an accumulation of shots without even the slightest contact of originality to make it interesting.
that it is forgiven; Hollywood is constantly trying to sell us used products in new packages.
However, Burton's attempts to encourage fear are awkward.
It could be his career - in his previous films, GOOFY was the goal.
In the same sense, this does not help that the designer of creature (and the producer) Kevin Yagher did his best job for the ironic tales of the Crypt television series.
The eyes and the tongue of a witch draw like Roger Rabbit, a tree gushes the blood as if it were in a sketch of Monty Python and the headless rider.
 .
 .
Well, he's a headless guy.
 .
 .
On a horse (Boo!).
The performance is also horrible.
Although he impressed me with his work in other films, Depp does not seem to know what to do with Ichabod, and his dialogue is hampered by a stowed diction which is supposed to pass for an accent of the 18th century.
Ricci seems to put all his efforts as an apparent enigmatic, which guarantees that we will not sympathize with his character.
The actor who is revealed at the end as the villain presents himself as ridiculously caricatured.
The only pleasure generated by the distribution comes from Christopher Lee's surprise cameos, Martin Landau and Christopher Walken.
I wonder if this film was originally designed as part of the projected series of Gothic adaptations by Francis Ford Coppola, a series that produced only "Bram Stoker's Dracula" and "Mary Shelley's Frankenstein".
Coppola is an executive producer of "Sleepy Hollow", and the script reflects his interest in the first forms of "moving images", in particular in a toy that Ichabod carries which mixes two images to create an optical illusion.
 (There is a bird on one side of the map, a cage on the other.
When the card is returned quickly, the bird seems to be in a cage.)
Conclusion: The Hollow is not the only thing that drowns.