It is difficult to expect a lot from a director whose greatest achievements to date are a handful of "awarded" television advertisements, as is the case with the director of Bubble Boy Blair Hayes.
That said, the beginnings of the Hayes feature film are up to expectations, mainly occurring as equal offensive and agricultural parties.
But sometimes Bubble Boy transcends its lower quality roots with humor lights and scathing social comments.
These moments of intelligence are delivered mainly by the two stars of the film, Jake Gyllenhall as Jimmy and Swoosia Kurtz Immuno-Deficit as a mother who is too protective, hyper religious and in love with Reagan.
The gentle delivery of Gyllenhall in kind of Jimmy de Jimmy Na? The narration VE serves as a skeleton for a story of transition to adulthood elsewhere: Jimmy is a Bubble Boy, a child born without immunity that could die ifIn contact with a single germ - a spell explored more seriously in Jeantravolta TV movie in the plastic bubble and less on Seinfeld.
His home mother-school Jimmy, filling the head with an extremely twisted conservative propaganda and anti-sexual messages, until he became friends with Chloé (Marley Shelton), the beautiful girl next door.
Jimmy falls in love with Chloé, but is afraid that his love literally kills him, as evidenced by a scene where she tries drunk to enter her bubble for a kiss.
But when Chloé decides to marry her high school boyfriend, Jimmy builds a bubble costume and embarks on a cross-country trip buffered from hijinks to stop marriage by professing her love.
The offensive songs have little to do with the rare handicap of Jimmy (whatever the demonstrators of the film, you believe), but are rather focusing on scandalous racial stereotypes, including a Chinese striptease club owner howlingand a devotee from the Hindi from East India.
But even if you find a funny stereotype humor, it is difficult to gather more than a laugh for these shallow gags.
They even reach Bungle certain potentially formidable moments with a group of carnival monsters.
But some of the hard blows manage to work, in particular in the case of Kurtz, which very frankly shows the dark and hypocritical side of the religious right, and a wacky shipment of a cult called "bright 'n brilliant".conducted by the inimitable Fabio.
Unfortunately, some laughs cannot make Bubble Boy the rotary comedy and out of the wall that she desperately wants to be.
Honestly, it is a mystery how devil this film was made, and I am not only saying that because it is so mediocre.
As it is strange for Disney to take a bet on a film with an unknown director with practically unknown actors who do not seem to appeal to a particular demography and have the potential to offend so much.
And now that the studio suffers from a very public demonstration against the film by the parents of Bubble Boy of real life David Philip Philip Vetter, maybe Disney wonders the same.
I hope that taking the opening box office is worth it.