Apparently, when shit calls, Jim Carrey answers.
Here it is, by assaulting it in a harmful way for the fifth time, his second discount in the role of the detective Ace Ace Ventura.
This means more speaking asses, penis jokes and cries of "al-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-lrighty then."
All this is added to a suite that makes Schindler's original list in terms of dramatic merit or lack of.
Admittedly, there are a few laughs in the middle of the constant dam of preschool humor, but whoever appreciates the good comedy will bang his head against the wall ten times for each little minor laugh.
It is a painful experience for anyone to a brain.
Ace is upset after having accidentally abandoned a raccoon in a canyon (in a parody of the opening scene of the Cliffhanger of Sylvester Stallone, Jim Carrey being the only person who can make Stallone look like a university professor in terms ofIntellect, or lack) and decides to withdraw in the mountains of Tibet to gain a higher level of consciousness (or, in his case, a level of consciousness).
But it is removed from retirement up to $ 20,000 to recover a sacred white bat for an African tribe.
Why Africa?
So, Carrey can disguise herself naked inside a false rhinoceros and climb later in the back like a tourist family looks ("Look, the rhinoceros is about to give birth!").
If it seems to you to be a humor to force, see the film.
Otherwise, demand your place in human civilization with the rest of us.
Obviously, there are quite a few non-members of civilization that made this film, like the first film Ace Ventura (I use the word "film" only because it was filmed, not becauseThere is a level of artistic merit.), A huge success.
In fact, Carrey has only a career due to the decline of intelligence in our culture.
You can say to me: "But Andrew, look at Jerry Lewis.
He was born with an I.Q.
And see how popular he was thirty years ago. "
Perhaps, but I always say that Jerry Lewis is one or two not on the comic scale because he has never made an impression in a film of a rabid bulldog that bites the testicles of a man ...
Lewis had at least the dignity to save this performance when the company arrived.