For better or for worse, the appearance of basic instinct on the cinema market has given green light to a whole series of overheated thrillers, overexploited and subscribed.
Apparently, not having Joe Eszterhas as the writer does not change anything, because the body of evidence was not written by him, but has a confusing presence of Eszterhas-ish everywhere.
In other words, it's a) really dirty and b) really, really stupid.
Madonna (first warning panel) plays in the body of proof as a woman who has lots of money and without apparent work; she lives on a barge and likes to scroll semi-naked, probably for the construction ofshrimp.
She was accused of having murdered an older man who was her lover.
Already two classic examples of Hollywood sexism are in older vigue men.
What is worse is that the film confirms all of the above, and is also valet.
The character of Madonna is accused of having forced sex on the old goat when she knew he had a heart disease.
 (And yes, there are the compulsory cracks of the cops on the way in which he died at least happy.
This film does not leave a stone not returned.)
Anyway .Willem Dafoe (very good but completely wasted) also plays as a lawyer who is condemned to run in front of Madonna's sexuality.
How do we know?
Because his character is set up with the woman and the children in chips.
How obvious is it obvious that it will deceive it and must do everything to do everything?
And be expelled from the house?
And be welcomed again anyway?
Do not jump yet until the end; we warm up.
Dafoe and Madonna have a lot of sex in this film.
Most of them is roughly as erotic as open heart surgery, because it involves goodies such as hot candle (always the pleas of choice among the writers who do not know the first thing about sex * Really * frizzy) and broken bulbs.
Do not ask.
Another thing that people are starting to achieve about explicit sex in films is that it is not extremely important for the story, it is incredibly dull.
What is worse is that the corpus of evidence is dull * everywhere *, not only in sex scenes.
Tips in the courtroom are recycled ninth hand in other the theater scenes of bad courtroom.
Thriller's activity itself is ridiculous - it involves bottles of nasal spraying and drugs, and Juergen Prochnow as Doctor Surment.
And the end - another tribute to Eszterhas, maybe?
- is one of those purposes where you can almost see the frame * exact * where one of the five or six various ends of this mess was spranged.
The director is from Uli Edel, all the more disappointing because he also directed the last elegiac and powerful outing of Brooklyn and Christiane F. everyone must eat, I suppose, but it is not a meal ticket,These are leftovers.