PAR-THE-NUMBERS: A film that presents characters, situations, dilemmas and developments that we have already seen in a parade of other films.
A film that can easily be guessed at the end of the number one frame.
A film that is packed with the ceiling with predictability, leading to very little tension, excitement, suspense or interest from its paying audience.
In short, a cliché? -The film of formula.
Welcome to my examination of the general's daughter.
Land: a secret army detective and a rape advisor find themselves locked in an investigation into the rape, torture and murder of a general girl from Bigwig.
They must plunge all the rules of the tacit army and the silencer, to understand the plot behind the shocking murder.
Criticism: by figures (see above).
This film is right there.
He is there on the big screen for a few hours, flees, leaves, let's hope to never be heard again.
It is so predictable that a blind man could see his points from the intrigue moving away.
It is as suspense as a sheet falling from a tree.
It is also full of action as a Canadian curling tournament.
Get the image?
Of course I did it ... it is
Too bad it took my friend and me for less than two minutes to understand the whole of the plot, and to decompose each scene before it even was finished.
It's pie.
It is unfortunate because James Woods and John Travolta actually have an extremely pleasant scene together towards the start of the film, but alas, it would not be (this scene alone scored two of my four allocated points.)
Woods chews in the few scenes in which he is, Travolta passes the test, Cromwell plays, well, Cromwell and Stowe have dressed with a smile (MIA from 12 monkeys (8/10) seems).
And this predictability is not only reserved for those who have seen films like courage under fire or some good men, it is deeply inside each of us who knows how to suspect someone as soon as they see their cup ofObvious guilt on the big screen.
It's like cycling.
Other scenarios that mop up any tension, suspense or interest of this film include each character ultimately "decompose" to investigators without much reason given, a fundamentally placed background placed between two of the main characters, as much action as the roomMy grandparentsnightly, and a style of director who cannot reward the director Simon West with a solid nomination for the "best poor Michael Bay, making the impression of Tony Scott of his best poor man" (add two scenes with the lightFrom the sun that shines through a few opening nuances for the grain for the grain for the grain pouret integrity, and total precipitation for the final for another chaos, and you are a great director.
yawn .
Yeah, whatever Tony ... I
Average, Simon.)
And we are not all tired of hearing about these "bad boys" of the army and their "code of silence" exaggerated?!
Already enough!
Next subject, please.
See it on video if you want to fall asleep after seeing a much better film like an officer and a gentleman (8. 5/10).
Otherwise, save the troubles and rather take a shit.
You will feel much better afterwards.
trust me .
Facts little known on this film and its stars: ironically, John Travolta refused the main role in an officer and a gentleman, who finally went to Little Dickie Gere.
Ironically, from James Woods, he filled one of his first actor roles on "Welcome Back, Kotter" on television, with none other than John Travolta.
Actor James Woods recently confirmed information about his "Big Dick" on Howard Stern's radio program.
Unlike the Tommy Lee rocker, Woods would also have an IQ of 180.
He apparently marked a perfect 800 on his verbal sats and a 779 on the mathematical section.
what a man !
John Travolta is married to actress Kelly Preston, and they have a son named Jett (Travolta loves them for planes!).
The word in the street is that the child was apparently designed for a weekend at Demi Moore and Bruce Willis' house.
The first film by director Simon West was the Jerry Bruckheimer Produced Con Air (6. 5/10).
Before that, he made television advertisements, including the budweiser advertising with dancing ants.
YIPPEE!
Veteran director John Frankenheimer (Ronin (7. 5/10),
The Manchurian candidate) depicts the character of General Sonnenberg in this film.
The IMDB reports that when Senator Robert Kennedy was shot dead at the Los Angeles Ambassador hotel on June 5, 1968, it was his good friend John Frankenheimer who had personally led him there that day.
Clarence Williams III, who plays Colonel Fowler in this film, is known to some of his role as "LINC" in the original television series "MOD SQUAD".
The youngest may remember him like the father of the prince in purple rain.