Like a good action film should, "Metro" has an action that involves you.
Some action films have so conventional action sequences, our attention is naked and diverted by other thoughts.
 "The Ghost in the Darkness", which opened a few months ago, is a film that the action was so bland and little involved, but it not only invited my thoughts to divert me, it almost fell asleep.
But "Metro" has been one of the best action films for some time.
It is connected, sharp, nifty and has beautiful little pieces of suspense and comedy.
Eddie Murphy was in poor condition for a while.
And that invites me to mention last year "The Nutty Professor", which was his renewal blessed in the position he was.
 "Metro" is much better than any film in the series "Beverly Hills Cop".
This is because "Metro" is taken seriously, but does not prevent having a little fun.
Eddie Murphy is her best in the roles of responsible and controlled people.
The films "Beverly Hills Cop" all presented Eddie as an imprudent and wild cop, which always crosses the line by only an inch.
In "Metro", he plays a hostage negotiator, so negotiation is his work, not his hobby or his favorite way to get out of trouble.
His character in "Metro" takes himself seriously.
Eddie Murphy's mischievous smile is not found anywhere to find in "Metro", and maybe it's quite better in this way.
Murphy plays Scott Roper, and as I mentioned earlier, he is hostage negotiator from San Francisco.
In the first situation in the film, we are presented to the work of Roper, while he tries to calm a young confused and negative criminal who took the captivity of all the capacity of the Bank of San Francisco which he holds.
Murphy manages the scene seriously, without his usual humor of Go-Go-Lucky, unsuitable.
The film develops when his bad guy is established, and the villain here is the attractive Michael Korda, a jewelry thief and a murderer who likes to share his deaths in hostage by giving them the victim's ear.
 "Metro" takes different twists and turns and light turns, and there is a large virtuoso hunting scene, involving cable car.
Flip cars.
Cars crash.
Cars turn around.
And it was so well done in this film, I remembered the "speed" and the speeding bus which could not go less than fifty miles per hour for very important reasons.
There are also some other good scenes in "Metro" that many films prefer to choose not to have.
Scenes like that with Roper and his new partner are at Horse Track Roper is a player who knows all the tips and roping teaches his partner some small methods of Paris and victory.
Of course, the writers tried to disguise the scene as being insignificant by having parallels drawn between the negotiation of the hostages and the game.
The scenes between Roper and his girlfriend are also nice.
These are the scenes that make up "Metro", which mainly concerns the ripening of Eddie Murphy as a personality.
The actor I liked the most to see in "Metro" was Michael Rapaport, who embodies the new partner of Roper, a genius of reading the lips, a genius of the book and a master of observation.
It was not the presence of the actor that I liked as much as the role it was played in the role of a proclaimed genius.
Rapaport is an actor that I usually see in the role of the Dimwit the Dimwit really, really Dopy.
I barely recognized him in "Metro", and it was quite a joy at being able to see him in a role like this, I think I respect him more.
There are two main types of bad guys in films like this: those who are part of history and those who are devices.
The bad guy in "Metro" is only a device, but he is nevertheless a hell of a bad bad.
It is played by Michael Wincott, whose voice is pushed into an abrasing grater, as if it smokes a cigarette between each socket.
Wincott makes his villain, Korda, as It could be mean, the type of classic villain who would push an old lady on a staircase just for kicks, like Richard Widmark in "Kiss of Death".
And, moreover, the physical appearance and the physical manners of Wincott, in the film, in fact reminded me of an arrogant friend that I had, who no longer appears on my good list.
I liked "Metro", and I don't think I worked with another actor but Eddie Murphy.
His past roles were the big ones, but they were also a precursor of maturation that would take place later, perhaps the growth of Murphy as a person, now having a family.
 "Metro" is a film without frills.
It works as a boyfriend, which he does not survive.
It works like a dry comedy, which it does not survive.
It works like a suspense film, which it does not survive.
And it works as an action film, where it tends to move occasionally.
But who cares?
He always remains serious and he doesn't get too much.
Oh, and there were also a lot of explosions in "Metro".
How nice filmmakers were to give us.
If there is a major objection that I had to "metro", it was the length, an area where many action films seem to exhaust their welcome.
 "Metro" is a film that lasted a little too long, but it was always entertaining, and it gave me something to do while I was waiting for it to end.
Paul Haynes ">