The only two very good things that I can say about Tarzan and the lost city are as follows: Jane March was very cute like Jane, and the film was fortunately less than 90 minutes.
If you haven't understood it, I didn't really like this film.
The intrigue was boring and artificial to the extreme.
Tarzan (Casper van Dien) has now left the jungle and lives in civilized society.
He is a few days before his imminent marriage to Jane, played by the aptly named Jane March.
Back in his former African house, a group of looters found the key to locating a lost city.
 (Be careful, I never really understood why they really wanted to find this city.)
Anyway, the former friend of the Tarzan jungle appears to him in a vision.
Tarzan realizes that he must return to Africa to prevent the bad guys from finding the city lost.
He left Jane (his first mistake, in my opinion) and goes to Africa.
Of course, Jane is hot on the healing of her monkey.
The two are gathered in Africa where they fight with the bad guys.
Does it look like a stupid explanation of the plot?
It is actually an improvement in relation to the real thing.
The game is simply horrible.
I don't really know what Casper Van Dien was doing in this film, but it didn't act.
Jane March was not much better, but at least it is easy for the eyes.
The fact aggravating the bad game was the fact that in many places, the dialogue had obviously been re -recorded, and I saw a better dubbing in certain old films by Bruce Lee.
Solid problems are added cinematography.
This film was filled with beautiful African landscapes.
But the photos of panoramic landscapes seemed overexposed.
Frankly, I think you could probably do a better job to capture the beauty of Africa with a camcorder than this group with professional cinematographic equipment.
Then we have the special effects.
 "Special effects in a Tarzan movie?"
Wondering without a doubt?
Yes, friends, writers injected very out of words in history.
Probably to use CGI because it only harms the story.
In most regions, they were not bad, nothing special.
But, they were more than a little on the HOKEY side.
Except of course, when we arrived at the ridiculous peak of this film.
The special effects of the grand finale went directly to the toilet at that time.
It almost seemed that they had lacked money.
These effects were highly lower than those of the rest of the film and looked like something in amateur video production.
I removed a lesson from watching Tarzan and the lost city - men and bones that turn into skeletal warriors do not mix.
Stay far from this version of Tarzan.