In "Gia", Angelina Jolie plays the titular character, the first so-called model.
And just there, you have the biggest obstacle that this film had to overcome (in my eyes, anyway).
I just don't see how the life of a model is worthy of a two -hour film.
Despite this, I kept an open mind when I started watching the film.
Unfortunately, my fears were made.
It is simply not possible to make an interesting and complete film on a person who spends his days wearing different clothes.
The film follows the climb and fall of Gia (no surname), a tumultuous woman who does not particularly like the fashion world.
She becomes famous faster than she can manage it and finds herself hanging on drugs and a woman whom she cannot have.
The last hour of the film is only a scene after another GIA who was getting high, loses a job and is rehabilitating.
This formula is repeated several times, and I have really tired.
In general, I tend not to like films with heavy drug use.
No, because it offers me or something like that; it bothers me.
Frankly, I do not see the attraction, so when a director shows me a photo from a drug point of view, with camera angles and echo voices, I am not somewhat impressed.
The first hour of the film, however, was actually quite engaging.
We see GIA as she is discovered and moved to New York with her boyfriend.
These first scenes were interesting.
We were shown the fashion world through the eyes of newcomers, and it was a prospect that I had never seen before.
The film begins to descend, however, once GIA becomes an established model.
> From that moment, I lost all interest in the film and I counted the minutes before the end.
Everything seemed so excessive.
Very well, so Gia had a drug problem, should it really dominate the film?
Could the same effect could not have been with a montage of five or ten minutes of scenes featuring GIA experimenting with drugs?
Or maybe this film is supposed to be a warning to the budding models not to enter the drug world.
Most likely, although since I don't want to become a model, this warning is lost for me.
As I said at the start of this review, I just don't see how the life of a model is worthy of a feature film film.
What do they do who guarantee a film?
Stake their things for thousands of dollars per hour?
I guess the same thing could be said about making films on baseball players, for example, but at least someone like Lou Gehrig has led an interesting life.
Gia did not do it.
And at the end of the film, all I knew about Gia is that she hated modeling, was bi-sexual and was strongly in drugs.
Not exactly a significant contribution to society, as far as I am concerned.