With Arnold Schwarzenegger; Danny Devito; Emma Thompson and Frank Langella, the only thing you can say about Junior, is that it is a disappointment, and a big one.
Junior brings together Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny Devito with the director Ivan Reitman.
It was the same men who brought us the very funny twins.
I so stupid, I hoped something that would at least get closer to the quality level of twins.
So much for the hopes.
Schwarzenegger and Devito play two scientists (Doctors Hesse and Arbogast) who work on a new drug that will reduce the possibility of miscarriage during pregnancy.
Unfortunately, due to circumstances independent of their control, they are refused authorization to test this new drug on man, then lose their funding.
Always believing that their medication will work, they decide to test it anyway, on Hesse.
So Dr.hesse (Schwarzenegger) is artificially eminent and begins to take the medication.
Their theory is that if the drug can prevent a man from making a miscarriage, it will surely work on a woman.
Does the thought of Arnold Schwarzenegger pregnant seem funny or humorous?
Well, he must have junior producers.
Certainly Schwarzenegger has comic talent to remove it.
Maybe if it had been done differently, it could have been funny.
But that was not the case, Schwarzenegger pregnant is at best awkward.
The sight of Schwarzenegger which flows through the hormonal imbalances that accompany pregnancy and the emotional oscillations that accompany it, is not funny.
Schwarzenegger is very close to bothering with these puffs.
I kept thinking of myself, with the time that Arnold lost by making this turkey, he could have made an image of action.
Better still, with Schwarzenegger, Devito and Reitman in the same place at the same time, why did they not follow Twins?
Everything would have been better than this waste.
Danny Devito is wasted in this film.
His role could have been played by any joker they have withdrawn from the street.
 (After seeing the film, if I was Devito, I would probably have wanted them to withdraw someone from the street.)
Emma Thompson is also wasted here.
While Thompson is best known for her Jane Austin adaptations, she is also a beautiful actress.
Too bad she couldn't use any of these talents here.
Am I too hard on this film?
I do not think so .
Schwarzenegger and Devito are two of my favorite actors in cinema today, and Ivan Reitman is one of Hollywood's most talented directors.
With an Emma Thompson and Frank Langella support cast, filmmakers must really endeavor to make a bad film.
They certainly succeeded here.
Maybe it was well intentioned, but unfortunately, it is a film that should never have been made.
If you are tempted to see this film, make a favor and go rent twins, a film that really benefits from Arnold Schwarzenegger and comic talents by Danny Devito.