This independent film written and directed by Eric Bross has the appearance of all these other youth films in blue collar in difficulty which have flooded the market in recent times.
It is difficult to say what is independent about this film; it could also have been made in Hollywood or on a home video.
It is the first film for the director, which tells his personal story about the Italians who grew up with heavy accents of New Jersey and remaining tight with each other when they become young adults, a story that could have been rewardingTo see in the 1950s, where the state of mind of all the characters represented is anchored, but seeing it in the 1990s is another story: it is an old news.
The love story between the simple girl waiting to get married and her boyfriend without luck who becomes bad does not mean much, because their relationship has remained unlikely.
The introduction of the angle of the sage and the loyalty among friends, does not move enough emotional or dramatic experiences intelligent to raise this film above its limited history line despite the performance of the tower ofForce by the star of the film, Adrienbrody like Ray.
Ray is the only son of a low-level gangster stopped once to have directed an illegal casino operation outside his basement of Bloomfield, New Jersey, of suburban.
Ray Sr. (Vincent) is now trying to try it by managing a small -scale repair company.
His son lives with him and unfortunately works as a shoe seller, dreaming of becoming rich quickly so that he can open a business and marry his longtime girlfriend Joanne (Sybil).
The title of this film refers to the size of the shoe of Paul Newman-10b, which really has nothing to do with the explanation of anything on the film.Toi
should be aware that there are a lot about this film which does not make sense: its constant brainless chatter between friends, their pain of growth without incident and the despair of their life, it is very difficultto feel empathy for them.
Desperate to pass his dream, Ray goes to a loan, played with humor and threatening by James E.Moriarty, and borrows 10 large to bet on a "safe thing" from Freehold Raceway.
The horse loses and now Ray has big problems, while the lender comes after him with his muscle to get his dough.
I have not seen anything so far in Ray.
It is independable, mean and stupid.
So when his best friend Mike (Gallagher), the narrator of the film, has a chance to sleep with his girlfriend - who cares?
The director must make fun of himself if he thinks we do it.
As for Ray's game debt and his dilemma how to reimburse him, the story is too predictable for something other than what you expect.
His friends, the student Mike and the reliable butchy (Gillan), and his old man, with whom he has this love / hatred relationship, gather to his aid.
And the film ends with a compulsory artistic note of ambiguity, it seems to be the way it is for all these grassy artistic films, because Ray left for Florida by his only one alone to try to bring his life together.
There was simply neither energy nor spark or anything relevant in this superficial film to keep him interesting, although Adrien Brody showed signs that he could be a future star.
Due to his intensity and appearance, he reminds me of Sean Penn.