The characters of "The Whole Nine Yards" by Jonathan Lynn, yet another in a recent series of crowd comedies (Analyze This "and" Mickey Blue Eyes "of 1999, are rarely written as real people," Gun Shy "In 2000), are rarely written as real people, but simply as one -dimensional caricatures.
When an additional layer to one of their personalities is revealed, it is not a question of serving the development of the character, or of naturally offering instinctive characterizations, but of adapting to the convoluted intrigue.
In a light comedy, you could say, it is not necessary to have perfectly made figures, as long as they do the work.
Unfortunately, for a comedy to work, she must at least succeed in being funny, and if there was a laughter-o-meter, I suppose that he is briefly climbed around 2.5% of the time for me.
It is enough to say that the comedy of "The Whole Nine Yards" works as well as the lawn mower broken in my backyard, and when a laugh is surprisingly emerging every twenty to thirty minutes, it is out of pure chance.
Nicholas "Oz" Oseransky (Matthew Perry) is an amateur dentist living in the quiet suburbs of Quebec.
Trapped in a hateful wedding with the Sophie accomplice (Rosanna Arquette, the deliciously marking it with a clearly artificial French accent), one day, Oz sees that someone moves into the house next.
By walking to greet him, it is horrified to discover that it is Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski (Bruce Willis), a former contract killer for the mafia who has just been released from prison.
Once learned to know him and become his friend, Oz is more comfortable with his identity, but for Sophie, it means a possible Hitman to delete Oz.
In her program, Sophie sends Oz to Chicago to collect by informing her Old Mob Boss (Kevin Pollak) of the place.
Upon his return to Quebec, and with an artifice after the next, the dental assistant of Oz, Jill (Amanda Peet), is delighted to discover that he lives next to "The Tulip" and forces him to organize aMeeting, since Jill's dream in La Vieil turns out to be a contract killer herself.
Do you have all that?
Because there is more.
much more .
And it is a film which, without generation of generation, does little more than 90 minutes and only feels only an hour.
 "The set of nine yards" is an ultimately unsatisfactory and empty excursion in a well -used land already placed by images from far superior.
How the actors, most of whom are respectable actors, were taken in such a cliché and deficient film remains a mystery, unless they thought that he could aspire to correspond to the Zanness de Vis à vis -à -free of the classicFrom the comedy of director Lynn, "Clue: The Movie."
Upon entering the theater, the preliminary comparisons between the two films were inevitable, but at the twenty -minute brand, when I had grove once and laughed at once, it was clear that the production was serious in difficulty.
Since the whole duration depends on the mechanisms of the plot and that the scenario, inaugurated, written by Mitchell Kapner, collapses with each bit of faulty "comedy", the film is an inevitable dead zone in terms of substance and,frequently, entertainment value.
 "The Whole Nine Yards" is neither facetious nor, apart from the secondary intrigue on Jill's shocking eagerness to become a professional, inventive tube, and most often, is there, the film turning around and around and aroundIn the projector, but never entertainment all kinds of spark.
Some selected actors do what they can with the equipment, while others have no impact.
On the mediocre side are in fact those who play the two central characters: Matthew Perry and Bruce Willis.
Perry, innocently pleasant on television "Friends", plays the same exact character in Sitcom style in all his films (1997 "The fools rush to" Three to Tango "from 1999), and he has become an overwhelming bore.
Meanwhile, Willis has almost no impression, and because of the limited form of his Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski, often disappears in the background.
Their three female counterparts behave significantly better.
The best of all is Natasha Henstridge, much more radiant than in the "species" films of exploitation, which adds an unforeseen depth and emotion to Cynthia.
Henstridge has the talent, for sure, to get out of these countless disposable roles, but she must first dismiss her agent.
Amanda Peet has a lot of fun as a base and stunned Jill, and seems to know more about the art of comic gain than even Perry who, so far, has endeavored with a career based solely on comedy.
It is therefore a shame that Peet is unnecessarily asked to undress in a culminating scene, the only obvious goal being to show her breasts.
Finally, Rosanna Arquette is horrible as Sophie, but something tells me that it was her goal, and her surair clear only helps to light her limited screen time.
Michael Clarke Duncan, fresh out of Michael Clarke Duncan, fresh an nodal nomination for his role in "The Green Mile", as a largely built of Jimmy, Frankie Figs.
When "all nine yards" ends up believing in its disappointing conclusion, we remain to think about how such a film has become green.
A large number of films of this type have been made in the past, and it is nothing more than a duplication of better films, so what was the point?
Without a passable scenario or any notable technical achievement, "all nine yards" is based solely on the alleged charm of distribution, and half of the actors are not at all charming.
Now what do you mean?