The scene at the end of the 1989 "Dead Poets" Dead Poets ", when the English students of Robin Williams get up on their desk and say:" Captain, my captain ", does me every time.
Unfortunately, the audience hall scene towards the end of Robin's latest film, "Patch Adams", does not have the same impact.
From the surface, "Patch Adams" seems very promising.
This is the story of a not so young man, Patch Adams (Robin Williams), who finds a meaning in his life by helping the sick.
When the film opens, we find patch, depressed and suicidal, checking in a psychiatric hospital.
In some scenes, strongly recalling "One flew over the nest of the cuckoo", he ends up helping patients through their problems; and this is where he finds how much he likes to work with people.
He therefore withdrew from the hospital and heads directly to the Faculty of Medicine.
From the start, Patch uses comedy to help make the patient more comfortable.
He continually breaks the medical tradition and puts the dean of the angry school.
Shortly after joining the medical school, he meets and falls in love with Carin (Monica Potter).
They, with Dork de Patch's friend, Truman (Daniel London), start a medical clinic for uninsured people.
Once the dean had the wind of the clinic, he told Patch that he cannot graduate and get him out of school.
Patch, like what all true American would do, takes the school to justice.
This is where the battle of the not so climatic courtroom takes place, on the question of whether Patch can become a real doctor.
I have never seen a film with a certain potential that breathes it completely.
It looks more like a series of short sketches, rather than a full film.
Since it lasts almost two hours, much too long for such a light film, it could have sank much more fluid.
Not to mention the gravity of the film and manages to cover all the shots of the bad melodrama.
Robin Williams saves the film from being abyssal with several comic strip scenes that raise the film at entertaining and valid levels.
But these moments are rare and at the end "Patch Adams" is barely average.