Have you ever felt that you spend your whole life on the net (ouch!), Eat, breathing and excreting websites?
That your most significant relationships are formed on the net?
What do you get your best sex on the net?
If the first director Hal Salwen could shoot an entire film of characters typing on their computers, he would.
As it stands, he settles for characters who speak on the phone.
Denise calls is a film for and on the electronic generation, where the characters are too caught up in their work and insecurities prefer to live their relationships and their fantasies on the phone.
It is a satire - and sometimes funny - on the way we leave mobile phones, calls and response machines to life.
The problem: Denise calls a film on an idea.
A hell of a good one, but always an idea of 80 minutes.
And despite Salwen's attempt of conspiracies and sub-portlles, despite certain really funny moments, you can predict the film's result in the first fifteen minutes.
You get the drift after a series of photos of characters explaining why they could not all do for a party - nobody will meet someone in this film, they prefer to speak on the phone.
Here is Salwen's intrigue: while all the characters are in a dysfunctional and telefix limbo, a strong unknown Denise calls Martin to announce that she is pregnant with her child, gracked the sperm he gave to the local bank.
While Martin progresses to slam the phone on her at long telephone conversations on the name of the baby, her friends - and her friends of her friends - get involved, gracked the allocation of calls and doubles.
In the most square and most attractive sub-contort, Barbara and Jerry are set up on a blind date for which neither presents.
The two profess have too complicated schedules to ever meet, but they pass on the phone.
With the repeated phone, sex comes a problem; what if the other person is just simulating?
Denise calls scores with some inspired moments.
The Barbara Mousie is transformed into a wireless vamp, everyone shares the excitement of Denise's delivery by a conference call on her phone, and Barbara's best friend, Gale, is killed in an accidentCar while tormented with animation in the answering machine of another friend.
 (As the too hot gale's aunt tells, his wireless her was salted in her ear and was staying in her brain.)
But these moments are not enough to support the film.
The pace is sagging, the dialogue is dragging and little theater seems to be required from the telephone laps.
And the end is literally a non-event as planned, everyone is too much chicken to present themselves for the party that Frank launches in the memory of Gale despite promising by phone that they will do.
We get the point.
The film seems determined to whisk its terribly 90s statement until they get it out of your ears.
Voluntary word game.
There is even a film website where you can win cell phones (as if we have not already had enough of these things).
Watch the film only if you find it enough convincing philosophy for a ear.
The Flying Inkpot's notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.