Synopsis: A man whose lover, Paris, has been murdered agrees to test an experimental system of the virtual reality unit.
The subject escapes from the real world and his current girlfriend, Laura, and becomes addicted to virtual reality, which, due to a design defect in its unity, recreates dead Paris.
Comments: Virtual seduction, executive produced by Roger Corman and H.Robbins launches, serves as a low price forerunner at Strange Days, a much superior film.
The two films deal with desperate men who find it difficult to refer to their current lovers because they are (AB) who use technology to be with former lovers (in the strange time, technology used dreamsrecorded rather than virtual reality).
Interestingly, the two films also take place in a few years during the Tour du Nouveaune millennium, although Strange Days uses the frame much more effectively.
This illustrates the problem of virtual seduction.
This is not bad for what it is: low-budget science fiction concerning the psychological dangers of virtual reality.
Unfortunately, this has been done before and since in much better films, a fact that finally leaves the science fiction fan bored by this film.
Virtual seduction has many faults (one of them is the fact that the video inexplicably has its own trailer before its start).
The film's script explores the possibilities of virtual reality in an interesting way at first, but its treatment of the subject becomes heavy and in wood as the film progresses.
Many important scenes seem too dark; the lighting could have been considerably improved.
The casting, a collection of veterans in film B and regulars of the sitcom, does only a mediocre job in their roles.
Jeff Fahey, of the original man, convincingly, although not energetic, plays the main character.
Carrie Genzel plays Paris, the VR lover, but friend DOLENZ, as a current romantic interest, seems to be a much more interesting and attractive character with a caring personality, who does not give credibility to the premise of the film.
Meschach Taylor, from the sitcom of women of formerly popular design, adequately plays a scientist working on the project, but his performance is not something to write either.
Virtual seduction is one of those harmless films to which you could do light manual work and not disturb them to have it in the background.
In other words, you could fold the laundry while looking at it from time to time, but it is rather boring to simply sit and look.
The film is surprisingly not as violent as we expect B films in this genre, but it is always a classified adult film due to sexual situations and a suicide attempt.
This turkey, in the end, is not horrible, but it is not particularly interesting or unique either.
Do not be seduced to watch this film unless you have several lots of linen and nothing else to watch.