Let's see ... I am
I'm not sure how to see this film again, depending on its laughter.
Well yeah I can, it's not funny.
Ok, so I laughed once which justified the 1/2 star, but other than that, I sat in my seat asking myself when this point of sale would be finished (which, at an operating time of 107 minutes, seemed to be eternal!).
In fact, it could be the most luxurious film that I have seen for a long time, if not the most difficult.
Let me be the first to say "ready to scold" is a huge disappointment.
Longtime lovers of wrestling (David and Scott) dream of going to WCW and watching Jimmy King Fight.
It is their hero of course, who is expelled from WCW.
Well, this is where the plot thickens (lol): the two wish to save the king and put it back in the WCW but not so easily, because they are falsified by many people who are there to obtain them,While Davidveut's father that he became a police officer, and Scott is a loser who owes David to clean Johnny in places.
What intrigue do you have?
 "Ready to Rumble" is one of those films that try to be funny, but unfortunately fails miserably, everything in the film is impregnable, and even the trailer was not funny.
The actors are dull, the horrible script and the intrigue that there are not many .... really
boring .
I am not sure how much the big actors like these, and the very funny actors too, receive such a lame script, and made in an so childish way, that I wonder if Hollywood will never make good films these days-this.
This criticism will not be very long because of the fact that there is not much for the film, if something at all.
A single big laugh is in the film, which is not so hilarious.
I sat on my chair asking myself with this 107 (!!!!!)
Minute "Comedy" was going to be finished, and unfortunately, it continued forever.
I do not know if something could have saved this film to be such a total waste, but believe me, it is.
Examined by Brandon Herring 04/29/00 for more criticisms please visit the central film at http: // www.géocities.com / Moviefan983 / MoviereViewCentral.html