"Goodbye, Lover" has sat on the shelf for almost a year since its lukewarm reception at the Cannes Film Festival last May, and a look will tell you why.
it's a mess .
And it is * Way * before she degeneres presents herself.
The film is one of these stories of hot crime with double allowance which, in this case, required the services of three writers.
I suspect that he wrote a sexy thriller, one wrote a mystery of murder, and one wrote a comedy, so the director Roland Joff? I tried to start everything again in the all-fitting roomby scraping your head in perplexity.
I did not laugh much by Ellen degeneres (I think I was supposed to do it).
Degeneres is horrible and his character is even worse, a vulgar cop speaking with a bad wardrobe and bad hair.
Either Degeneres carries a wig - as most of the actors seem to be - or she does not yet have enough influence to secure a hairdresser.
Each word out of his mouth is supposed to be racy and connected, but his incessant Wisecrack is badly written and simply stupid.
Her reaction to the brutal murder of a jogger is "at least she died in good health".
And it is one of its most spiritual.
The SGT of Degeneres.
Rita Pompano is called to investigate the allegedly accidental death of ... Wait.
Giving too much of the intrigue would ruin a film which has very little to do outside its twists and turns of numbness and several triple triples.
It is better to describe this way:
Flexible sexpot / real estate agent Sandra Dunmore (Patricia Arquette) is married to Jake, an advertising representative "creative but not focused" (and alcoholic), played by Dermot Mulroney.
Sandra likes to play her deeply anchored sexual fantasies and Jake's brother, Ben (suave-comme Don Johnson) likes to help.
Ben also arrives at his little colleague from Mousy Peggy Blaine (Mary-Louise Parker) and someone, somewhere, plans to take advantage of this huge life insurance policy.
The film is ripe with lovers of cheating that are wrong and vice versa.
Although there are real surprises, the twists and turns of the plot are too artificial too quickly.
Probably almost the time that Gumcracking Gumshoe appears.
At least, the former star of "Ellen" goes for something a little different.
Arquette transforms yet another of his roles of platinum blond and platinum bombs (see: "Lost Highway", "True Romance") while citing embarrassing lines like "I do not wear underwear".
I hope it was paid a lot of money to do so.
Here is an example of part of the categorical stupidity of the film.
Sandra buys a used car and disguises herself in a red wig before tracking down two of the film's duplicates lovers.
She leads the motorcycle couple of a cliff while making her favorite "The Sound of Music" on her car stereo, determined to identify with her unfortunate victims.
So what was the interest of the wig and the car?
 "The Sound of Music" could be a reference to "The Wizard of Oz" allusion in "Wild at Heart" by David Lynch, but if so, Joff? Must have forgotten that "Wild at Heart" was a despicable film.
It is hard to believe that "Goodbye, Lover" was led by the same person who made "The Killing Fields" and "The Mission".
However, it is not difficult to see why he sat on the shelf for so long.
He should have stayed there.