Despite its extremely well-made visual effects, the original 1995 species was a big piece of science fiction cheese, from writing to low performance.
Thus, coming from these grade B roots, the superb inepti of his suite is not terribly surprising, but at the same time.
It would not have been difficult at all for people behind the species II to go beyond the original HOKEY, but they managed to make something so bad, if not worse.
Something is clearly bad when the rear door left open for a cash suite - a sewer rat does not completely become of this earth after eating part of the body of the extraterrestrial / human hybrid silk - is notnever entered (perhaps it was left for species III - although I give nothing when I say that this episode has its own rear door).
The pleasure and the extraterrestrial games begin this time that a crew of astronaut of three people returning from Mars inadvertently in their samples of mortal extraterrestrial soil which ultimately infects the mission captain, Patrick Ross (Justin Lazard, at the end ofShort-term soap of CBS of some of some years ago, Central Park West / CPW).
This extraterrestrial DNA is not identical to what created the Sil of the original film, but it is quite close, and on arrival on Earth, Patrick is accompanied like crazy, engaging in a bloody sex with almostAll the women he can find.
Meanwhile, scientist Dr.Laura Baker (Return Marg Helgenberger) again created a Sil's clone named Eve (Natasha Henstridge) for research purposes.
It is not long in Eve to feel another extraterrestrial presence, which sends him a libido in the hyperdrive.
It is in Laura and her former partner, Bounty Hunter Press Lennox (Michael Madsen, another repatriated); and the non -infected navigation companion of Patrick, Dennis Gamble, (Mykelti Williamson) to find Patrick before the day before in heat.
 "It's not the X-Files, damn!"
Exclaims a character at the beginning.
In terms of quality, he is absolutely right, but he is also wrong.
The new extraterrestrial first appears as a mud of oozing from another world which means that Patrick's students expand once he is infected.
Look at and looks very much like me "black cancer" of X-Files.
But he is not the only source director Peter Medak and the writer Chris Brancato stolen.
The species were already a foreigner scam, but Medak makes the cradle much more blatant than the director of the original, Roger Donaldson,.
Human Patrick receives a language which also has a language in itself, and its extraterrestrial shape is more closely like abroad than the EVE extraterrestrial body (which was ironically designed by the extraterrestrial designer H. R. Giger).
A large extraterrestrial hive that our heroes tremory with a substance drawn from large cannons?
The extraterrestrials without the flames.
The visual effects were by far the best thing about species and the team of effects of the sequence of XFX INC from Steve Johnson. Mainst this high quality tradition in life; no inexpensive lost in the CGI space here.
After the effects, the best advantage of the original was the new presence of Henstridge.
However, Medak and Brancato have no idea what to do with her for this episode.
At one point, she called to play Alien "Empath"? La Forest Whitaker in the original, but for most of the duration, she put on a glass cell.
As the great escape appearing so well evident in the trailer takes place, the film is good in its home trunction.
So, the rest of the time, we are entitled to Patrick, played with Little Zest by Lazard.
A problem with the first film was that the deadly silk, excited, but innocent to heart was too sympathetic; no problem of this type with Patrick, who presents himself as a pretty arrogant boy before the stranger takes control.
The rest of the distribution fails to add a lot, but the writing can be for lack.
Helgenberger and Madsen cross the movements, but they are already hampered by the cliché? Development somewhere between the two threads Mrs., the Laura and the press once linked have ceased to get along.
Williamson undergoes the worst indignity.
He does his best to animate the symbolic African-American role, but how can we recite insulting derivative lines such as "I Gonna Get African on Somelas's ass" and not seem ridiculous?
But the worst crime of the species II is to be a completely without interest work.
At least, the original had a lot of laughter - horribly horrible performances of the actors differently beautiful Ben Kingsley and Whitaker, and the view of the character of Helgenberger interpreting a fellate on Madsen's, to start.
But the filmmakers have no discernible effort, and even less the erroneous effort which is necessary for something to reach the level of the camp.
For all blood and gore, nudity and sex thrown, the species II is, quite simply, a bore.