A cop with a troubled personal life.
A ruthless villain.
A friend of the cop.
A friend _dead_ of the cop.
A quest for revenge.
A new partner.
A romantic interest.
A chase scene.
A pursuit scene _in San Francisco_.
A woman in danger.
a confrontation.
an explosion .
the end .
yawn .
yawn .
yawn .
The previous one was the intrigue of about twelve thousand and six action films; this one is just called Metro.
I learned to expect little movies like Metro, and therefore I bored more often than I am really disappointed.
With Eddie Murphy on board, however, you hope for something more, a kind of spark.
When a film made to watch Eddie Murphy a tedious experience, you know that it is something terribly bad.
Murphy plays Scott Roper, a hostage negotiator for the San Francisco police department which is extremely good in his work.
With his personal life, he was much less successful, faced with an ex-little unfortunate friend named Veronica (Carmen Ejogo), a game problem and a mountain of debt.
Then, his professional life is also a shock when a friend and colleague (Art Evans) is murdered while investigating the suspected jewelry thief Michael Korda (Michael Wincott).
Finding Korda becomes very personal towards Scott, and he joined the new partner Kevin McCall (Michael Rappaport) to thwart Korda during an attempted breakage.
But everything is not going well with Korda in prison, because Scott, Veronica and Kevin all continue to face a deadly danger.
Metro (the title, in case you ask yourself, does not mean absolutely nothing) is so seriously assembled that even the most relaxed spectator can notice the miserable rhythm and the wires of the wandering intrigue.
First of all, Korda's rage to be discovered before being able to make his big score is made completely useless when he continues to hit the target anyway (and, moreover, to spoil it).
A reference to the gains of the police service, followed by a visible decision to keep Scott out of the Korda affair and a few sharp looks, is abruptly removed without resolution after about forty-five minutes; even the relationship between Scott and the newKevin partner is so superficial, with Kevin disappearing entirely after taking a bullet for Scott, that you can suck in the bickering friends.
The worst of everything is a conspiracy structure that places the main villain (the Michael Wincott still threatening) behind bars for too long, leaving a lot of time to kill with the tedious reconciliation of Scott and Veronica.
You cannot blame Murphy for having been unable to arouse enthusiasm for the scenes with his bland head wife, but he should have known better than playing this role.
Scott Roper exists in an uncomfortable happy medium between the type of fast on the way, Murphy has built a career and a real three -dimensional character, and Murphy is never able to reconcile the two.
The script seems to have been tampered with for him, with a game problem transformed into a little character color and his incapacity supposed to train relationships transformed into a cause of gags rather than real conflicts, but there are still too fewComedy for Murphy for working with.
During a large part of the film, he walks with an intense eyebrow, and he is more than 90 minutes of metro before hearing this brand laughing for the first time.
Murphy is blocked with too few solid punch lines, and almost all those he bounced from Ejogo and fall to the ground.
I suppose that I should give the director Thomas Carter the credit to have taken the compulsory pursuit of the car from San Francisco (how much do you want to bet on the probability of seeing a soil car on a hill?) And do a few interesting thingswith.
While the vehicles are sent to fly and the passengers sent by a fleeing cable car, it is possible at least for a moment to take some pleasure in a clumsy turn in a familiar situation.
Carter makes a Even better work by taking this old expectation of suspense - the mirror of the pharmacy cabinet that will get closer to reveal a killer standing behind someone - and use it to defuse the tension not once, but _twice_.
The fact that Carter could have demonstrated even as much recognition of the clichés and a desire to overthrow them, makes his involvement in the rest of the disaster that is the metro all the more confusing.
An action film like this plunges so tirelessly and obviously from point A to point B to point C that you could find yourself shouting "point C!"While they always arrive at point B, or to get up with the rest of the publica after the big explosion which points out that nothing else consequences will occur.