After enduring the beginnings of Mariah Carey, Glitter, I remember a little bit of Big and Black more from Chris Rock.
In response to women who say they can raise a child without a man, Rock says: "You can drive a car with your feet, but that does not mean that it should be done."
To that, I say, you can give a film to Mariah Carey, but that certainly does not mean that it should be done.
Of course, there are a lot of pop star movie vehicles - from the night of the Beatles night to the spice world of Spice Girls - but none was so useless or laughable as glitter.
Everything in these complete guts is ridiculous.
Start with the story, which - as horribly predictable as it is - is the least offensive part of the film.
The film was inexplicably shot in the 80s, a period of the period which really shows no sign of its period, with the exception of a few chicks in the legs.
Worse, everyone speaks the hip-hop slang of the late 90s in what should be 1983.
Intended to be partially autobiographical, Carey plays Billie Frank, a young singer in New York who has trouble overcoming a difficult childhood and the abandonment of her alcoholic mother.
Club Influent DJ Julian Dice, A.K. Un. "Lucky 7" (Max Beesley playing a bad mix of Puff Daddy and Robert de Niro), hears her sing on a track and decides to make her a star.
In a quick succession, Billie and Dice fall for each other, she begins to strike him, the dice becomes jealous and begins to act like an ass, and suddenly, Billie is on "the roller coaster of the Superstard".
In the meantime, Billie is looking for his missing mother.
I will not give the end, but - honestly - just think of unicorns and arcs ...
You will discover it.
The film screams to do with the camp, and it could have been fun.
But filmmakers thought that making most of the crying and dramatic glitter would be better.
What a mistake.
The brief attempts at comic relief - as in a scene where a effeminate Russian director becomes far -fetched with the shooting of Billie's first clip - passes like main balloons.
Instead, the audience of my projection tended to laugh the strongest during Mariah's most dramatic scenes.
Which brings us to performances, of which there is nothing good to say.
Mariah is mainly visible with a deer with wide -eyed eyes in the heads of the heads looks on her face.
She looks frightened during her love scene.
But you have to ask yourself if the writing is not even worse.
A large part of the dialogue is so hackney and watered down for the virginal target audience of Carey that it is probably impossible for an actor to do it with APLOMB.
Even the characters could not have been written more absurdly.
They are all members of a Barbie game game: the important director who flows, "Billie, I would like to put you in a film that I make", and the big record that takes Billie's demonstration bandAnd said, "Oh, I'm going to make sure that the whole team listens to him in the morning."
Everyone in the film is a device, and it is painful to continue looking at just to see another appear.
Say more would be a waste.
There is so much trouble with this film.
And, it hurts me that Mariah Carey - with her ego and her mental health in such fragile conditions these days, as evidenced by her multiple stays in the hospital - will have to undergo all the negative criticisms that it is likely to'get.
But, again, I had to suffer from his film.