I did not hate the great success, even if it is a terrible amazing film.
For all of its operating time, my eyes were attached to the screen and I never got bored.
I found the film interesting because of its unique spear: it is a disaster so confused with a film that it is entertaining to watch it in the same way that it is entertaining to attend around thirty carsOn a bowl of highway spaghetti.
As a story, the great success is pure garbage, never really deciding its genre and constantly crossing all kinds of borders.
It reminded me a lot of big blank points, which is a similar film that fails in the same way.
It is good to mix genres, if the filmmakers know what they are doing.
Unfortunately, the writer Ben Ramsey and the director Kirk Wong do not seem to know how to manage the material, and the result is an action film that wants to be a comedy.
The biggest problem of fusion, in this case, is that the film is absurd and that the comedy is moved.
But it is certainly a fascinating failure.
Marky.
 .
 .
Er, Mark Wahlberg plays Melvin Surley, a hitman.
He is a good hitman, apparently, although his tactics seem a little exuted (he does not pull or do not make clean killed - he just hits the door and pulls everything).
He works with a few other Hitmen - Cisco (Lou Diamond Phillips), Crunch (Bokeem Woodbine) and Vinnie (Antonio Sabbato, Jr.).
These are a good group of muscular guys, who stand in the locker room after working and compare masturbation to sex.
They all work for a man named Paris (Avery Brooks), who is rich, powerful and constantly needs four sloppy hitmen.
It is very important that they never go beyond their boss and work alone; it is, of course, where the plot comes into play.
They decide to kidnap a young Japanese girl named Keiko (China Chow), who has a rich father.
When they do this, it turns out that it is Paris ”.
 .
 .
little girl!
It's very bad to have Paris against you.
The story is standard action film stuff.
It's nothing new and nothing particularly offensive (but certainly not the slightest convincing piece).
It is clear that the main argument for the sale of great success is that it is a John Woo type action film mixed with a really trendy comedy.
It is true that many action sequences resemble recent films that opt for the same idea (such as the face / off and the replacement killers, which are both much superior).
There are fun waterfalls to watch: the opening sequence in Melvin and two of his partners who will kill a guy who has nothing to do with history.
They use night vision glasses and really powerful handguns.
Melvin is also very good in breakdance and uses this talent to avoid bullets and knives.
As I said, it's not boring; most disasters are not.
What makes him so bad is his madness that changes gender.
He seems to begin as an original but realistic action comedy, because Melvin was carrying bags of human remains.
Then, as soon as they go to their first blow, it turns into a clip with bodies and balls flying everywhere.
Then, somewhere between the two, he turns into a comedy.
Keiko turns out to be a courageous little girl; in a funny scene, she is forced to read a letter aloud, indicating that she was kidnapped, but the letter is strewn with grammatical errors that distort the meaning of words.
And scenes like this work alone, but Wong applies this clumsy tone to scenes that should be more serious, or not at all in the film.
One of the most irritating moments asks Paris to ask Cisco to come to his office after learning that Keiko was kidnapped; when Cisco arrives, Paris and his men stand as if they knew that Cisco had itMade, but they let him get out of there, telling him to find the attacker.
The scene is played to laugh, but it's not funny.
And since it is not quite K as a comedy, he tries to fall back on action, which also fails.
This is a film where people fly at fifteen feet back when pulled with a handgun.
Cars land on the branches of the trees and are supported by them.
The characters betray each other without a second thought.
Grenades are launched in tight places.
People jump large buildings and survive.
People go beyond the cars by tumbling and go out to fall from objects in small fractions of seconds.
The most frustrating of all, however, is the definition of the film of a hitman: these guys are anything but subtle, calm and qualified individuals.
They are more like socially depraved militias (Melvin has a large collection of firearms in his garage, including missile launchers and hand machine guns).
The characters each have a line that distinguishes them from others; it obviously does not make deep or interesting people to look at.
The game is rather fun, although Wahlberg is a good actor, and his harmless presence in this film is charming in a silly way.
Phillips certainly have fun with her psychotic character, while Christina Applegate, who plays the Fianc of Melvin? E, is the head of the air convincingly.
The big success is an action film that is covered without knowing it by trying to be funny.
The funniest parts are provided by the actors, not by the many unsuccessful attempts of gags and liners.
It is a real disaster, which makes me believe that the clumsy and unrealistic tone is completely involuntary.
Despite all this, however, I must repeat the value of entertainment here.
You can cherish the horror of a film like this.
If you kiss the big blow for the disaster that it may be, you might have fun.