The director of the Out of Sight, Steven Sorderbergh, confuses us all in Limey, a new cold, involuntary and confusing thriller.
Although the description of the plot may first seem that it comes from the pen of Elmore Leonard (author of Out of Sight, as well as Jackie Brown, Get Shorty and Pulp Fiction), after having looked at it, you yourselfCaution that it is not good enough.
In an aggressive non-linear way, The Limey (Li * Mey, Noun: An English Gentleman) tells the story of Wilson (Terrence Stamp), an ex-con-conferred to a 9-year stay in prison for hand-to-handarmy.
He came to the United States to ask for revenge for the death of his daughter Jenny.
He does not know much about the circumstances of his disappearance, all he has is a name: Terry Valentine.
Valentine was Jenny's former boyfriend, a rich and corrupt record frame.
He played by Peter Fonda, in his first major role from Ulee's formidable gold in 1997.
The search for a reclusive place of residence in Valentine's Day turns out to be an easy task for Wilson.
He finally finds the impressive residence in the mountains and sneaks just as Valentine is organizing a big party.
He ends up breaking his cover finally, triggering the head of the security of Valentine's Day and Valentine himself, who decides to run for that.
What a mess .
I have no problem when the films refuse to be tightened by the linearity of time - Pulp Fiction, who twisted in all directions, was a masterpiece - but I am an exception to the films that decide to play withFor no reason to confuse the spectator.
Limey does exactly that.
The intrigue is imbued with flashbacks, flash-forwards and what can only be described as a random journey in time, without any obvious objective.
There is no method of madness of this film.
He uses a sophisticated way to tell a story that would be better told more conventionally and more understandable.
The intrigue is not particularly interesting in the first place: traditional, slightly pacaté and not very involving.
It is a kind of brood film - our protagonist does not speak much and the action sequences are done with a boring superficial attitude.
I had the impression that the director was not very interested in the procedure himself, almost as if he had made this film for a pay check.
Ditto for the edition, which seems deliberately botched and unpleasant.
The icon of the 60s, Terrence, manages to be at least threatening as an aging criminal.
It is not much in stature but it has a surprisingly imposing physical presence that works to its advantage here.
Peter Fonda is an incredibly underestimated actor: he is shy, calm but always effective.
He is able to transmit emotions through discourse rather than expression: his feelings do not always show on his face by you can always say what they are.
It is essentially a conventional thriller told in a pretentiously bizarre way.
Why Soderbergh could not be content to perroller and tell a story, I don't know, but what he does certainly does not work.
The result is a horn of wild abundance of images which represent precisely zero - even the action scenes do not work.
1999 may have noted the death of the traditional act Act two - the act three scenario, but obviously, some films have not yet transcended it.
Are we going to go back to the point?