Writing a script for a thriller is difficult.
Harder than pour concrete under Texas Soleil.
harder than building a bridge on troubled waters.
And besides, much more difficult than writing a film review.
Thrillers are all variations on a theme.
You have an intelligent, ingenious and powerful villain, which has a goal it must achieve.
You have a good noble and courageous guy, who must protect the innocent people, kill the villain and not be killed in the process.
Thriller's trick is to do all of this in an interesting and new way.
This simple formula can lead to classic films like North by Northwest, High Noon, or the silence of lambs, or large summer blockbusters like black men, the fugitive or Air Force One, or it can lead to a dreckLike brains, an event, an event, Horizon, Kull the Conqueror ....
Is someone else depressed here?
The point is that it is not enough to follow the formula.
You have to throw something more, something good, new and better than the latest version.
Something to surprise and move all the people who bought the tickets and the popcorn and the Happy Meals.
It is a difficult thing to do, but it is absolutely necessary from all points of view.
Without that something more - whether it is a great plot or a well written scenario, or major special effects or large locations or superb casting or great performance or great hungry dinosaurs - the film fails.
This is why the jackal, with all his Starpower, with all his budget, with all his media threw, obtains a large fat F.
Bruce Willis is the villain, the jackal, a legendary killer for rent.
Richard Gere is the good guy, a former ARA assassin with a vendetta against the jackal.
The jackal tries to kill someone.
Gere tries to stop it.
Will Gere be able to stop the assassination in time and kill the jackal?
 (I will give you three assumptions, and the first two do not count.)
There is no surprise that awaits the public in the jackal, no time when you say to yourself: "I wonder what's going on?"
The jackal script is not torn directly from today's titles.
It is scammed, directly from an episode of Millennium.
Throughout the film, we learn what are the plans of the jackal and how he intends to accomplish them.
No surprise.
The pleasure of a film like this should come from Richard Gere to determine what is the plan of the jackal and develop a smart plan to thwart the villain.
Instead, we get two (accounts, two) scenes where Gere is seated in a conference room in the FBI somewhere and instantly divine the jackal's plan as if it were Frank Black (or more likely, as ifhad received a copy of Lascenario).
And we never get more than a superficial index on the reason why Gere had this flash of insight.
It is as if the character of Gere was psychic, but neither he nor the FBI (or the writers) seem to know it.
And just like Millennium, the villain has an overwhelming need to continue the people who care about the good guy, whether important or not for what he tries to do or not.
In addition, in the last half of the film, the jackal, supposedly a super intelligent professional terrorist who never makes mistakes, is a major case of stupids.
As for performance ...
Bruce Willis manages to cross the whole film without a Wisecrack, which is a major realization, but not enough reasons to see the film.
His disguises are good, but not as good or as interesting as Val kilmer in the saint.
Richard Gere is designed to talk about the whole film in an Irish accent, which affects his otherwise lifeless and boring performance.
Sidney Poitier is probably the most disappointing element of an extremely disappointing film - not that its performance is bad or whatever, sneakers) .
Writing a good intrigue and a good scenario, as I said, is difficult, but it can be done.
It was not done here.
It is our work as consumers to reward good scenarios and denounce bad and uninteresting.
Do not see this film.
You will only encourage producers to do more like that.
Instead, stay at home and day rent, or in the fire line, or a fire safety video, to shout aloud.
Another thing than the jackal, who lives up to his name by gnawing at the dead bones of other films.