A slight romantic comedy with a feminist fold, but without advantage.
It turns out to be a conventional film filled with the usual cliché? S and stocks of such characters.
Although it is a well -written and well -played plush piece, she still doesn't have too much to say that it is surprising.
It is made for the sweet set of art, those who do not want something too disturbing to think.
He is a critical successful writer husband, Alec (Pryce), who is so absorbed by self-absorbation that he is threatened by his wife model for a walk, Kate (bouquet), who wants to bewriter.
She meets her rude publisher, Vanni Corso (Walken), another self-absorbed man, and a predictable relationship occurs.
The fireworks occur because she goes beyond the first impressions of her husband as a person who was impressed by her genius and loves her feet.
She now wants her own identity and independence.
The film looked like the usual sitcom and is plagued by cheap set design characteristics reserved for a TV movie.
The film has grown in the middle of the history of the weight of its boredom, and finally landed in the back with its non -spectacular culminating point.
It takes place in London, and it opens while the Kate model repels sexual advances by a rich American buyer, Vanni.
Later, she meets him as a new editor of my husband of husband who seeks to have her husband as an intellectual author in her stable in order to give her credibility as a quality publisher, and he quickly wins the favorWith her by publishing her vanity novel.
Alec who is an unpleasant tetra, someone with whom it seems that it would be impossible to live, try to do everything to prevent his wife from publishing his book - which only pushes her in the striking arms of Vanni.
The publisher is proud that he is a boy of mom who has never married and who is a self-made man who won millions.
He recently acquired an old publishing house in London failing and plans to revitalize it, as he proudly says: "If my father could sell pizzas in Harlem, I could sell the culture in Europe."
The only thing that couldn't be sold is this stiff story and this tired intrigue.
The mystery for me is how the charming Kate could love one or the other man unless she is an insensitive model.
She soon divorces the besieged Alec and marries the Vanni which will be smoked.
When she writes a second novel, he pushes her back in the same way as her first husband did it.
It ends with the same results that arrived at the number one husband, because his story of ambition and lust ends in a groan.
A commercial affair was vaguely based on the real literary and romantic works of the married authors Barbara Skelton and Cyril Connolly, in their famous love triangle of the 1950s.