Suicide is useless, everyone should know.
So what does this film look like?
You guessed it ...
useless .
Virgin suicides focus on the lives of the five sisters of Lisbon, from the point of view of adolescents who are fascinated by them.
When Lisbon's youngest sister commits suicide, she triggers a series of events that will change the lives of many people forever.
This is what the film's press materials probably say.
Now, here is what I say: The Virgin Suicides is a huge waste of time.
Boring, arty and pretentious waste that is about as entertaining as ...
as well as to commit suicide.
The film lost me very early, immediately following the scene where the younger girl jumps on her death out the window of her room.
The daughter's father (James Woods) holds her lifeless body in his arms while their horrified family looks.
Then, at the end of the scene, the lawn jugs light up.
Is this a joke?
Is it supposed to be fun in one way or another?
From this moment, the film failed to bring me back.
Performance is the only saving thanks to virgin suicides.
Woods plays the only character who would really interest me when he came to the screen, but the performance of Kirsten Dunst as a younger girl Lux also deserves to be mentioned.
Dunst has the potential to be a big star, if she chooses her projects well.
And although this film is horrible, it manages to move away from it practically unscathed.
There are also a few cameos in the film here and there, which only frustrates the public by letting you want more.
Consequently, they all seem rather useless (although there is a brief role given to Michael Pare d'Eddie and crisures who turns out to be his best role since ...
Well since Eddie and the Crosers).
Perhaps the virgin suicides would have worked if the story had not been told from the point of view of people who had very little access to the main characters.
We never get a significant overview of girls and why they could feel what they feel.
All we really know is that Mme.lisbonne (Kathleen Turner) is strict and keeps them in a short leash.
What mother is not doing?
It is certainly not a reason to commit suicide.
With part III of the godfather, Sofia Coppola proved that she had no company in front of the camera.
With suicides Virgin, she proves that she also has her business behind.
Having family connections does not allow you to be allowed to make films.
So beware directors ...
Stop letting your daughters make your way through the industry.
It is not because they share your DNA that they share your talent.
[R]