Warner Brothers scored another marketing coup.
The one-two punch was launched in summer, with the release of Batman Forever.
Ace Ventura 2 trailers were grouped with the bat, ensuring that each Jim Carrey fan in the free world would know the imminent suite.
Carrey continued to win the raves while the Riddler and the Warner still chose Halloween as the release date of the video ($ 11 99 in Wal-Mart); barely two weeks before Carrey's return to this market,But refresh the comedy.
ACE Ventura: When nature calls is a painful reminder of how the network of comics with a rubber face can be allowed to occur in an uncontrolled environment.
He may have been brilliant under the direction of Joel Schumacher, in Batman forever, but, here, left to himself, Carrey quickly carries his welcome.
The opening sequence is by far the best - a fun parody of Cliffhanger, Ace performing a mountain rescue of a failed raccoon.
 (You can guess what is happening to Mr. Paws.
Tip: it looks like Splat.)
The plot moves quickly to a temple in the Himalayas, then to Africa not so Dark, where Ace is on the case of a missing white bat.
With his hair and members both savage, Carrey flies through his routine in about thirty minutes.
The rest of the film is more or more of the same thing.
Of course, the linear of the intrigue and the solid production values, but where is the scripted humor to support the sloppy slat of Carrey?
The writer and director Steve Oderkerk provides some precious configurations.
Instead, Carrey is just silent, playing for the camera even when most are not funny.
The best gags were shown in advertisements, although a little with ACE emerging at the back of a mechanical rhinoceros is something to do.
Although a questionable improvement compared to the original, Ace Ventura: when nature calls is still a rehearsal for anyone over ten years.
The script is practically devoid of mind.
Jokes of the tribal mask?
Jerry Lewis Cameos?
forget that .
If anything, the inexplicable presence of Simon Callow (four weddings and funerals) and Bob Gunton (Shawshank's redemption) suggests that working with Carrey is the ultimate challenge of the classic actor.
How long * can they * keep an impassive face?