Jet Li broke out on the stage of the American action film, when he stole the show in Lethal Weapon 4 in 1998, with his nasty looks, his bad movements and his undeniable charisma.
It only took two more years for the mega-producer Joel Silver to install it in an entirely American film, liked to take control of some of the empty action seats left by the alleged Van Damme-Tête coke and thisGrouped guy named Steven Seagal.
Would this film take Li after its rival counterparts of Asian action, namely Chow Yun-Fat and Jackie Chan?
let's find out .
Land: rival Chinese and black gangster organizations fall further from each other, when members of their respective families are starting to go.
It was at this point that Badass Jet Li exploded in the image to discover who men were behind the death of his brother and to demand part of his own style of revenge.
Critality: Three words: not enough action!
quite simple ?
Not enough Hong Kong Kickass Jet Li Action to compensate for a horribly predictable scenario, bad actors, a crappy dialogue and exaggerated melodramatic moments.
And a romance angle?
Why, you have to ask ... why?
I love the combat scenes and I really dig Jet Li, but this little song barely contained three memorable action sequences, and Jet, well, the poor guy was barely in the film.
And I thought it was supposed to be his big break?
How to give SlickSter other opportunities to show us its Kung-Fu combat chops, to slap it in some additional scenes and to give it more chance of practicing its acting / English capacities?
What a desappointment.
Even Black Mask was more entertaining than this empty shell of a film.
In fact, I am sure that more time has been spent bringing together the "blows" for the soundtrack of this film, than on the so-called "scenario".
I felt like I was watching a soundtrack rather than a film most of the time.
The sad part of the bad scenario is that it would not have as much importance if the film really had decent actors throwing the sticky lines.
But no, except Lindo and Aaliyah, who were not too shabby, I thought that the rest of the distribution had been chosen mainly from their inability to deliver lines in a convincing manner.
And what was the problem with the entire agreement on the NFL franchise led by a 15 -year -old guy, acting as if he were the suzerain of a drug ring?!
What a mess .
Again, I don't want it to seem to complain about history that was completely predictable, because we will all see these films for action anyway, not history.
Well, I guess that is what disappointed me the most from this film.
There were some cool combat scenes with Li, but quite simply not enough to satisfy my global desire.
In addition, as much as I like the way they incorporate wires and special effects in some of their stunts, some exaggerated combat scenes were simply too obvious.
It should be transparent, guys, not necessarily against the laws of gravity!
The only cool thing that was original in the film was the way the director showed us some of the interior cracks of the human body when they are penetrated by a blow, but this simple creative touch could not save the rest of the intrigueuninteresting of this filmMovements.
I am disappointed for Jet Li that this film did not give him the real opportunity to play in a good story with many major action scenes.
Hopefully the next time will be a charm for this charismatic actor.
For the moment, I just hope that for him, the title of the film is not a premonition of the ultimate spell of the film at the box office.