One of the first films of 1999 is this release of MTV Pictures which marks the first main role for James Van Der Beek, the star of the Hit Runaway of WB Dawson's Creek.
Following the stages of the feet of the other two live action films from MTV, Joe's Apartment (1996) and Dead Man on Campus (1998), Varsity Blues is a bad film and it is unlikely to cause a great feelingthe market.
Located in West Cannan, Texas, the film examines the small town's obsession for secondary football through the eyes of the quarter-Arrière of the second John "Mox" Moxon (Van der Beek).
We know he is intelligent because he reads Kurt Vonnegut instead of the game book.
The coach Bud Kilmer (Jon Voight) has existed for so long that there is in fact a bronze statue which commemorated it.
The star quarterrier, says Harbor (Paul Walker), is a beautiful blonde hero who has his own display panel in his courtyard before and dates the sexy cheerleader, Darcy (Ali Larter).
Also in the team are a huge guy (Ron Lester) with certain health problems and the member of the African-American token team (Eliel Swinton) whose only real dialogue scene deals with the color of his skin.
When Lance is seriously injured, Mox has his chance to shine and he runs with him, undermining kilries with his unusual gaming strategies.
His relationship with her dedicated girlfriend, Jules (Amy Smart), is threatened and there is a big match at the end.
Guess who wins?
Nothing on Varsity Blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the type of conventional movements that the Kilmer coach would like.
There is a chance for an intelligent satire on the obsessions of the small town, but the humor here is decidedly low.
Van der Beek does a decent job to wear his first film although an idiotic accent sometimes stumbles.
In addition, the role is not really a stretch of his character Dawson Leary.
He is always a pseudo-intellectual, whining and nice guy, except that he is also a jock.
Voight is a terror as he chews each piece of landscape and spits it.
The other adults are in particular horrible while the youngest artists do not do much better.
On the positive side, Walker is a charismatic actor who must be a role in small groups following this and his support tour in Pleasingville (1998).
Scott (James son) Caan has animated moments as a tweeder, the team's wild man.
LARTER, as a magnificent seducer in search of a one -way ticket from Texas, can show the most interesting costumes in the film, including a very revealing "whipped cream bikini.
It is interesting to note that the film definitively wins its rating R with a lot of hard language, alcohol abuse and an unusually high quantity of nudity (including a free trip to a bar with a band that reveals a not very surprising surprise).
All this is likely to shock for the young female fans of Dawson's Creek, probably the target audience of the image.
Director Brian Robbins previously directed the children Good Burger (from Nickelodeon Films, a sister company of MTV) and changes the directions a little, but still cannot make a lot of printing.
The film's look is as bland as the city and the characters who filled it.
Football scenes are generally not exciting and the whole film seems a bit launched.
There is a soundtrack OK featuring music by Collective Soul, Foo Fighters, Green Day and Aaliyah, but it is not as impressive as it would be expected from a MTV film.