There are scenes in "The Big Hit" which are so horrible that they simply challenge the description.
The film is infected with the same kind of idiocy of the holder head and the lost confidence which made "Last Action Hero" (1993) such a chore to pass.
Presumably, "The Big Hit" is an action comedy, a difficult genre but not impossible to remove.
Films of this kind require a fine balance and a meticulous tone, and comedy is generally intended to function as catharsis for violence.
 "Lethal Weapon 2" (1989) is a perfect example of an action thriller which was also very, very funny.
Unfortunately, in "The Big Hit", it seems that comedy is the main motive, and violence is only intended to punctuate laughter.
Unfortunately, there is no laugh.
The film looks like some of the clumsy ridiculous and jelis of the first Jackie Chan films, but it does not benefit from the incredible cascades of Chan and the awful charismatic presence of Chan.
Instead, we find ourselves with a lot of digital effects and Mark Wahlberg, who was to consider himself invincible after his performance acclaimed by criticism in "Boogie Nights" from last year.
However, if he wants to maintain a decent career, he would better start selecting his projects more carefully - films like this are a safe recipe for a long career on the right to video market.
Wahlberg embodies Melvin Smiley, a kind guy who also happens to be a professional hitman (see "Big point blank" for the same character, much better developed).
The film wants us to think: "Gee as intelligent and ironic - a guy who can kill without moral implications, and yet he can not support anyone not to love him."
The fact is that Melvin is so desperate to prevent people from not loving him, that he supports both an unpleasant fiancée (Christina Applegate, with a horrible New York accent) and an abusive girlfriend (Lela Rochon)who only uses it for money.
His constant flexion behind to please people makes him a Patsy completed at best, and a completely incredible character at worst.
Melvin is employed exclusively by a crime boss named Paris (Avery Brooks) as part of a Hitmen team, which also includes Cisco (Lou Diamond Phillips) and Crunch (Bokeem Woodbine).
One day, Melvin agrees to make a moonlight with Cisco by kidnapping the teenage girl of a rich Japanese magnate named Jiro Nishi (Sab Shimono) for a ransom of a million dollars.
However, not only Jiro Nishi lost all his money by producing a great Hollywood film (Inside Joke, Get It?), But his daughter Kidnapped, Keiko (China Chow), is also the goddaughter of Paris.
Thus, when Paris discovers that she was kidnapped, he takes it personally and becomes determined to discover who did it.
Not knowing that Cisco is actually behind the whole program, Paris is responsible for rooting the kidnapper.
Of course, Cisco blames everything about the poor and innocent Melvin.
Along the way, there are several compulsory shootings, explosions and car prosecution, as well as a literal cliffhanger inspired by "Jurassic Park", and a completely unconvincing romance between Melvin and Keiko (who seems to push tobarely fifteen).
What the film takes place while humor uses completely funny jokes on overweight Jewish mothers, hara-kiri, consumption of problems, body bags and a gap in the course of the way CrunchRecently discovered the pleasures of masturbation, and now spends all his time to do handling by hand.
Not to mention the clerk of pimply video stores who always calls Melvin and howls how he has to return his copy of "King Kong Lives", which is two weeks late.
This mess of a film was directed by Che-Kirk Wong, the last director of Hong Kong imported by John Woo ("Face / Off"), who was also an executive producer.
Woo must stop acting as a conduit for other directors and start making more of his own films.
Wong, Who made films like "Rock'n'Roll Cop" in Hong Kong, is completely deaf in terms of comedy.
Maybe jokes on vexatious video clerks and vomiting on other people are funny across the ocean, but they are not there, at least in the way Wong manages them.
Many problems go back to the script, which was written by the obvious first year writer Ben Ramsey.
In addition to its waves and its inspiration sequences, Ramsey's script assaults the public with its attempts to copy the vulgar and poetic rhythms of Tarantino or Mamet style style.
What he comes out is only a lot of boring Blatter, most of which spit lips from Lou Diamond Phillips (whose favorite sentence is "everything is love") and Robin Dunne, who plays the belly assistant of Cisco and Black.
The Phillips and Dunne irritation factor is almost out of the ladder, which can almost describe the film as a whole.