Romeo bleed wanted to wear the unusual flavor of tank dogs or a bad lieutenant.
With the director Peter Medak, whose previous credits include the good films Let doing it and the Krays, and the actors of first -rate characters Gary Oldman and Lena Olin, they probably seemed to be a successful combination.
Those who mentioned the films, however, brought something to the screen that Romeo was bleeding: a solid and well written scenario.
Call me Cynique, but the jobs of the writer and the producer do not seem to mix well.
Gary Oldman embodies Jack Grimaldi, a good cop has become bad, selling information to the crowd and deceiving his wife.
His cheating is obvious enough to obtain his nickname, although the name gives no glimpse or analogy to the Shakespearean character.
Jack has become addicted to "nourish the hole", a hole in the ground where he stores his gain.
When he realizes that his colleagues are slaughtered, he is trying weakly to go out.
The performance of Gary Oldman is disappointing; he seems almost annoyed.
In the process, he is also tangled with Mona Demarkov, a Russian jig that wants to take over the territory of the best Falcone boss, played adequately by Roy Scheider.
DeMarkov, played by Lena Olin, is a hard but extremely sexy woman without any problem maneuvering in the world of crowds.
This character is a combination of Linda Hamilton and Arnold Schwarznegger from Terminator 2. I don't remember having seen a character like her.
After being killed, handcuffed and thrown into the rear seat of a car, she always manages to cause an accident, to expel the windshield with her legs, to take a suitcase full of money (more important documentation),To climb through the rubble, land on his shooting leg and succeed in running for security.
What woman !
The performance of Lena Olin is the only glow of this dismal film.
Anabella Sciorra is wasted in his role as wife of Romeo.
There is little knowledge of his character.
She is depressed, she makes obvious references, she makes fun of the house.
Juliette Lewis, as a girlfriend of Romeo, is treated with the same cliché attitudes, although MS.The representation of Lewis has certainly not improved it.
The two women were anything but sexy or attractive.
Aside from the badly developed characters, the scenario also suffers from several logistical problems.
It's so discouraging to watch a film and want to shout the main character (not) to do something.
For example, Jack and his friends attend funeral to hang in the background to extend the crowd scene.
GOOD .
Jack spots the big boss with his henchmen by the grave.
GOOD .
What does Jack do?
He pushes his friends by telling them that he does not feel well, then walks to the boss.
Why ?
The boss had all ready to threaten him; Falcone simply took the opportunity to issue more threats by ordering his henchmen to remove some of the toes from Jack by the grave.
I guess they were not worried that federal agents lingered after the funeral ....
Or here is another: DeMarkov installed his own death by cutting her arm with a circular saw.
She started setting fire in the place.
Wouldn't flames burn fingerprints?
Isn't dental files more important?
As brilliant and ingenious as it was supposed to be, could it not find a better plot?
 (And it didn't take time to get a functional and good prosthesis.)
Lack of attention to details is certainly added to a film.
This film does not even add the big details.
There is little or no consistency in the line of history.
He doesn't have much meaning.
The management lacks cohesion, surprising of a director whose previous credits are impeccable.
Moods change, styles change, and no one may seem to decide whether it is a serious film or satire.
So, even if they are not tank dogs, it is certainly not a diva.
there's a lot E to tear yourself into this film.
My advice to someone who did not see him to wait until he arrives on video.
There are target lines that would provide a campy evening if they are not taken seriously.
It's not a boring film, but not a good one.
or an intelligent.