Cinema concepts are often presented to producers with mathematical formulas involving successful films from the past.
So, without a doubt one day, someone said: "" evolution?""
These are "Ghostbusters" plus "tremors in black" more ". '"
and that's how .
Total sum none.
Alienbutting begins when a meteor lands in Glen Canyon, Arizona.
The professors of community college sciences Ira Kane (David Duchovny) and Harry Block (Orlando Jones) take a few meteor samples and discover that the unicellular organizations of the interior evolve quickly, doing in a few hours which took millions ofYears for life on earth.
Above when I was wondering: "Hey, does the government generally not come and resumes the whole area in these films", the government has come and took over the whole region.
The leader of the pack, Gen.woodman (Ted Levine), turns out to be an old sworn enemy of Ira, and Ira and Harry are prevented from doing additional research.
Meanwhile, organizations continue to grow until they are large enough to start attacking people.
At that time, Ira and Harry won a friend in Dr.allison Reed (Julianne Moore) of the Center for Disease Control.
A country club poolboy, Wayne Green (Seann William Scott), also attached to the Merry Band.
But can they find the means to stop extraterrestrials on time?
Director Ivan Reitman seems to revisit his greatest success, "Ghostbusters" in 1984, but "Evolution" is miserably short.
One of the reasons is obvious.
 "Ghostbusters" had three truly funny guys as scientists (Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis), but "Evolution" has a really funny guy (Orlando Jones) who can adlib and streaming the comic potential of lines that prove uselessIn the hands of anyone else.
To make a good measure, "Ghostbusters" had the comic talents of Rick Moranis; "Evolution" offers Seann William Scott, who was much funnier in "American Pie" and "Road trip" than.
Scott has a funny scene where he sings "you are so beautiful for me" to an extraterrestrial in the shape of a dragon to draw it in a trap.
Apart from that, Scott seems unable to make a large part of the thin material that the writers have given him.
An actor looking for a fort, David Duchovny sought his hero side of the grainy action in "Playing God" and his romantic side in "Return to Me".
Now he wants to find his comic talent wacky; what we all find is that he does not have one.
Look for him to be back on television in about five years.
Another sad case is Julianne Moore, who must be more selective on the offers she accepts.
She is a talented actress with an impressive list of credits and prize appointments, so why is she trying to make Slapstick comedy?
His character tends to trip and come across things, but the line presents himself as a pathetic plea for laughter.
The only saving grace of the film is Jones.
He is at the center of the funniest scene in the film - where an extraterrestrial Bug invades Harry's body and must be removed in his ass.
Jones is the only actor who can take the comic ball and run with it, but he cannot wear the whole film.
He found himself in a similar situation in "replacements", where he was also the only comic talent in an overall distribution.
Jones will eventually find the project that will make him a major comedy star, but that's not all.