I have to admit it ...
I am a big fan of Jim Carrey.
I loved the first AS Ventura, as well as the mask and the dumb and the most stupid - and even in Batman Forever (which was a fairly horrible film), Carrey was one of the few people to be very good.
Until seeing Ace Ventura 2, I didn't know how people could find the guy boring.
Unfortunately, Ace Ventura 2 shows how irritating and boring can be.
Carrey goes through the same SCUTCK that he lived in the first film ACE, but this time, it is no longer funny - this is only a new new jokes used in ACE I.
The intrigue sees the detective Ace Ace Ventura retire after having failed to save a raccoon (in a reasonable cliffhanger parody).
Soon, he is called to retire to find a bat kidnapped and, if she has not returned in four days, will provoke two African tribes at war to destroy himself.
Again, it is up to Ace to save the day, using his strange detective skills.
Those who have been disappointed by the most limited roles in Carrey in films after the first AS Ventura can be happy to see him act too best of his capacities, but some can be disappointed by the fact that this suite does not capture theof the original.
The original benefited from what seemed to be constant improvisation sequences of Carrey, which were hysterically funny.
Here, however, the tighter script (which recalls the Old Disney Telemovies) takes the improvised material of the first and the shameless recycle in the new film, giving Carrey little chance of improvising.
Instead, his extremely funny way has been reduced to walking stupidly.
But one of the biggest problems I had was the character of Ventura himself.
In the first film, it has always been cool, and one step ahead of each other - perfect for the quirky approach to Carrey.
But here, Ventura is made to look much more stupid, and is often done like the hetero guy - a role that is certainly not the Carrey style.
There are certainly very funny moments, but they are rare.
They are also far from being as funny as everything Carrey has done in the first AS Ventura, or even stupid and stupid.