There is a good and timely, a story trapped at the most deep in the excess of murder in the first, a new film on the abuses of our penitentiary system.
With a country wrapped in a feverish debate on the issue of crime and the rights of the accused and in danger, this presentation would offer something rare to recent American films - a point of view.
But director Marc Rocco clearly indicates from the start that pretentious, often nauseating movements, and the lighting and MTV style publishing, are much more important.
There is not a moment in the image where he abandons technique for pure narration.
And everything suffers.
Christian Slater and Kevin Bacon respectively play the defense lawyer and the detainee of Alcatraz.
After spending an unprecedented time in an isolated cell for trying to escape, Bacon assassinates another prisoner and faces a trial.
His young lawyer (Slater) was fresh out of the law faculty but decided to "put Alcatraz in trial" for the abuses of his director (Gary Oldman).
The result is the usual courtroom - imagine a production of Stanley Kramer turned by students from the Hyperactive Cinema School.
There is very little to rent here outside the serious suraction of Kevin Bacon and the appropriate history.
There is a lot of sucking on everyone - you know that you are in trouble right away when R.Lee Ermey (the fully metal jacket drilling sergeant) is interpreted as a judge, the center of reason andmoderation.
Slater has never been convincing and is certainly not here and Oldman is on a bad sequence of hammer performance.
But the worst feeling that you feel while looking at the murder in the first is that the man behind the camera can worry about telling a good story.
There are long exchanges of dialogues where the camera does not even move near the characters, and even less with them.
How frustrating it should be for actors to work under these conditions.
If there is something that always has distinguished American films in the rest of the world, it is our ability to tell a good story.
Have we forgotten?