At one point in this film, there is a staging of an opera that goes completely badly.
But a member of the crowd rises and applauds, thinking that the performance was planned and applauding it for their efforts.
It's "dirty work" in a word.
A very different type of film.
This is not a film that I can easily see again.
The critic in me analyzes the structure, the intrigue, the game, the characters.
 .
 .And
Tells me that this film is terrible.
But the fan of Norm Macdonald in me made me roll on the ground laughing.
This film plays more like a HBO Sketch comedy than a film.
It is a unique concept.
Mitch and Sam need $ 50,000 to bring a doctor to give their father a heart transplant in front of other more needy patients.
Realizing that they are very good in the conspiracies of revenge, they open a revenge company for business, who finally headed for a rich businessman played by Christopher Macdonald (who after roles in "Happy Gilmore" and"Veronica's Closet" seems typical in this role), which sends to destroy a building that Mitch learns is the house of the grandmother of her girlfriend, thus leading them to plot against the rich businessman at the night of the bigopening of a new opera.
First the critic in me.
The intrigue is the standard system of poor Guy against Evil Rich Guy, where the main character meets the girl of her dreams along the way.
Here is the socket.
None of the characters are sympathetic.
They are all selfish tremors that do not care who they have injured in their attempts to do what they want.
The jokes are juvenile, raw, using the worst elements of people.
There are jokes about prostitutes, homelessness, beasuality, anal sex.
There is even a secondary intrigue which is developed, it seems, only to make jokes on infidelity and incest.
And I loved looking at it.
I was a big fan of sarcastic comedy and the point of Norm Macdonald, and this film is an hour and a half.
Norm Macdonald takes a joke, body to the heart and says it as it is with a dry spirit.
Like the scene, he and his friend learned the strings during a new construction work.
The foreman reviews the bases, which Mitch and Sam do not understand.
How are they doing?
By adding that they lied to their curriculum vitae and know nothing about construction!
And surprise, they are licensed.
The characters are incredibly petty.
There is a father who is noisy and obnoxious, a doctor addicted to the game played by Chevy Chase who tells Sam of his father's state by saying "If I were a playful man, I put a lot of money tothe death."
The Cole businessman who always has his spunky dog, and does who know what with it.
And then there is Mitch and Sam, who, thinking that they can get $ 50,000 by destroying a building, think about how their actions would ruin the lives of residents.
 "Too bad we have to do it," said Mitch.
Here is a film where each joke is executed when configured, where you see each punchline coming, where each blasphemy could be used and then used.
At least the film is honest and does not deceive you more than silly.
But at least it's not dull, and it is not predictable.
And that's how it should be.
It's Sketch Comedy, and if you are a fan of Norm Macdonald, you will love it.
The jokes are gross, the characters are nasty for the heart, the attitude of the film is that it does not care.
If you don't like Norm Macdonald or stupid movies, you will probably not like it.
The jokes are gross, the characters are nasty for the heart, the attitude of the film is that it does not care.
So before you see it, set your state of mind and prepare for a multitude of norm macdonald humor, gay animal sex, rape jokes in prison, insensitive characters and a last performance by Chris Farley.
The critic in me says ( *) but I give him an 8 ( * * *).
I couldn't stop laughing.