Forget about Carter.
instead ...
Get me a cup of coffee.
What happened to all good American action films?
Have I missed a meeting without knowing it somewhere?
When all the bad guys, the kicks, the kicks and took names, the crazy characters, crazy and avengers of the 1980s - from films such as Commando, Cobra, Predator, Raw Deal, First Blood - Suddenly becomeInnocent, compassionate, sensitive and tearful turns.
The only place where to turn these days for an honest action movie is east - and I don't want to say in New York.
Get Carter - The latest Sylvester Stallone masterpiece from Uber -theSp - is an excellent example of large stars of the 80s action trying to enter roles of action that they have long exceeded.
Stallone looks like what you have an uncle that is trying to be cool with its jacket only and Izod Polo with the collar appeared.
A few years ago, Stallone made a film that gave him the opportunity to graciously leave the roles that typical it as an action monkey.
This role was the sheriff Freddy Heflin in Copland - a strange film on redemption in a broken soul.
Stallone actually gave an incredible performance and it seemed to have shaken the past.
Too bad Carter returns Stallone to the action, but with the rusty brilliant painting on the edges.
Get Carter is a simple story.
Stallone plays Frank Carter, a vegas burner for a loan shark (played with incredible enthusiasm by the unbeaned voice of actor Tom sizemore).
When Frank's brother is killed in a driving accident in a state of drunkenness, Frank, feeling guilty and pasty inside, thinks that the unfair game is involved and goes to Seattle to settle all the wrongs with the"Way de Carter" patented.
He speaks hard with his brother's wife, helps the daughter of his brother Doreen (Rachel Leigh Cook), and walks in the pouring rain dressed like a lost member of the Rats pack with a very bad beard.
Carter discovers that his brother was involved in bad things with a viscous porn king played by McQueen-Esque McQueen, McQueen, a multimillionaire computer geek (Alan Cumming), and a strange foreign man (Michael Caine) who.
Carter tracks them all while trying to understand who made in his brother and how to extract an appropriate revenge on the responsible parties.
What a minute!
It looks like another film I saw last year, The Limey.
Better not to tell Terence Stallone the heartbreaking.
In fact, Get Carter is a remake of British production of 1971 of the same name, with Caine in the title role (and with his cameo here, intelligence is amazing).
While Stallone always has its own weight here, the film does not have what the original did: the goal.
Throughout the film, Stallone looks like an old man trying to act hard, when no one takes it seriously.
His liners fall flat and he seems tired and uncertain of all the actions, mental and physical, required by his character.
There is even a strange homoeroticism between Rourke and Stallone which lends a bizarre tone to their many conversations - in fists and in words.
Get Carter's biggest surprise is that the best work done in the film is the versatile Mickey Rourke.
An actor of an incredible method in the 80s who fell into drugs, the mistreatment of the spouse, a boxing career and an intolerable attitude towards not being done, Rourke always brings a dangerous meaning to his king of porn.
He may not win any Oscars, but he always ranks well in my book.
Get Carter has a big achievement, a strong game from Rourke and Caine, and energetic car prosecutions that would make William Friedkin Fier.
The only thing it lacks - as for most Hollywood productions - is a good script and a good casting.
It doesn't matter that this should never have been done at all.