I should have known it, damn it, I should have known it.
Ewan McGregor - Codename: "Eye" - points a high -tech rifle gadget in a big bald American and focused on illicit sexual activities in a window on the other side of the street.
We get the electro-green view required at sight.
We, the public, seeing a high-tech rifle gadget, of course think that the eye will murder the target, but instead, it pulls the fax and send an email to everyone in theoffice of his target.
Very well, so thirty seconds, I was slightly discouraged by this apparently useless rifle / camera, but I was always open -minded ...
Maybe there is a very good reason for that.
I have reasons to believe, you see - I admire a lot of previous work by Ewan McGregor ...
And he is obi Wan Ke-Friggin-Nobi for the love of God.
And the latest film by director Stephan Elliot, Priscilla, Queen of the Desert was an eccentric little pleasure.
There is a real talent involved here.
I think that in twenty minutes, there was still a spark of hope in my heart.
Eye was responsible for investigating the head of the son of his organization (I still have no idea what this organization - British Intelligence was?
National spy ring?
Private survey?), Who apparently steals from his fiat fund.
He received his mission from K.D.
Lang, through an elaborate and costly teleconference case.
When the eye follows his goal in an expensive isolated house, he witnesses a mysterious and beautiful woman (Ashley Judd) take out a knife and proceed to the poor bastard.
Ok, it's strange, I think it could be interesting.
Then she begins to cry, and through her tears exclaims "Merry Christmas, Dad!"
for the first time .
So start our story of obsession ...
or something .
The rest of the film implies the character of the eyes of Ewan McGregor who followed Ashley Judd in all corners of the United States, completely and completely obsessed with this woman from afar.
Throughout his professional life, he was a voyeur; therefore, when he falls in love with someone, the only way he can manage it is to look and drool through telescopes and cameras.
Very well, it is a beautiful premise, I suppose.
But my God, if you are going to go, you would better have a kind of explanation.
And this is precisely where this film fails.
This is the kind of film that pisses me off.
It is an abortion, a collection of half -formed and wasted ideas that represent absolutely nothing at the end.
He claims that it is not something that it is not - a study of a surreal and deep psychological character wrapped in a high -tech thriller.
Here, the filmmakers confused "surrealist" and "deeply" with "vaguely unclear" and "filled with insultingly obvious metaphors".
I never, even for a moment, had the most misty idea why the eye would fall if in "love" with this woman who changes wig and kills people.
The film offers only two explanations, which makes no sense.
Explanation number one: the unpleasant presence of Eye's imaginary girl, who was removed by his wife some time ago, told him that he should not leave MS. Judd.
Explanation Two, which at the end of the film was beaten in our heads through imagery and dialogue and even the title of the film: "Beauty is in the eye of the spectator."
Whoo Hoo, who helps, thank you a bunch, closed box.
It is as deep as possible, friends.
There is an attempted explanation in the last minutes, which, instead of attaching everything, ends up being as deep as an intelligent Mad Lib of sixth year.
There are secondary characters who enter and leave the image and serve little or no goal, except for the public to wonder what was the point.
My personal favorites include: the matron of prison Modeled after Frau Farbissina by Austin Powers, who apparently taught the SP. Judd everything she knows about the port of wigs; Jason Priestley is terribly played Dirty Desert Vagrant # 1, who tries to imitate Dennis Hopper at theBlue Velvet, but fails miserably; and the cop is shaking-AShley-Fleeing-An-Accident-Scene and then the Wants-to-Pay-For-Sex-But-Shot.
Everyone in this sad little parade is a little more useless than the previous one.
The script is not paying attention to the laws of time and space.
Each time one of the frequent location changes occurs, the camera zooms in on a souvenir snow globe, and the minutes, weeks or years could have passed.
The undressed stylistic decisions afflict the whole case - a character transmits a glass of cognac to another in a close -up to the idle flooded in many bass.
Ewan McGregor presents himself at some point in a bell tower just so that he can be woken up several times and deafening by the giant bell.
Jason Priestly begins to philosophize the sharks, then laughs ...
Cut to a random guy with a patch for the eyes ...
Iguana out of development ...
Iguana focuses on the point.
Wow, guy.
When I later discovered that this film was based on a novel, it didn't surprise me.
There are many elements here which, if they were extended and further expanded, would have made a decent story.
And I would not be surprised if I discovered that there was an hour and a half of sequences cut in this film lying in a discharge somewhere, or while waiting in the wings the cup of the special director of the DVD ...
Not that something ever has to buy such a thing to find out what I was missing.
The last ten minutes have presented a conversation between the eyes and the Judd which was supposed to be a kind of revealing exhibition.
A guy at the back of the theater was talking on his mobile phone, and this time I was particularly aware because what was happening on the screen was a smoking battery of angry; the audience around me gleams and whisperedfeelings similar to what I thought.
Someone near Cell-Phone-Guy finally shouted: "Close hell!", But it was much funnier when we thought he was talking about the screen.