Capsule: "Comedy" Divine which is incredibly shabby and reduced, and rather devoid of laughter.
I had a bad week in my life when I saw Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery.
I desperately needed something to cheer me up, or at least distract myself so that I can get a clear head.
Get some perspective.
Even stupid films can sometimes do it for me.
I tried not to let my discouragement affect my judgment, but I am sure now that Austin Powers would also have sucked rocks through bamboo filming the day I won at the lottery.
Michael Myers took a character who would have barely supported a five -minute sketch on Saturday Night Live and stretched it on the length of a feature film, padding with jokes on the toilet and the kind of accessories to positioning-Strategic between naked naked naked-actors and cameras that Benny Hill got tired fifteen years ago.
The intrigue, what little there are: back in the mod swing hep hep sixties (I do not think that I do not do a service to the eye and the feeling of the film by describing it in this way), the agentBritish secret sexy Austin Powersemmade with his enemies Dr.mal.
Evil embarked on the orbit and the Cryogenically to return decades later, when Powers was out of the photo.
The powers had also frozen, and he wakes up to find the 90s to manage.
The basic gag, that of the total inability of the Powers to face the 90s, is not so exhausted during the film that never really treated.
Most of the film is taken with stupid jokes from several basic sections: James Bond Gags (of which this film has no end, until the names of silly characters), an inept slapstick, the humor of the toilets andStrategically placed accessories ...
The film is incredibly devoid of ideas, thinking about it, some brilliant exceptions.
One is Dr.The son of Evil - There is a paragraph scene where the father and the son go to a group of meetings, chaired by Carrie Fisher - and the other is a disposable gag in where Austin imitates various formsTransport behind a sofa (it is a visual gag -difficile to describe and difficult to recommend to see the film).
Many kitsch of the 60s were resurrected and thrown on the screen for this film, but it is desperate rather than intelligent.
Instead of the weird it is a rather bloody and faithful tribute.
Myers himself is also desperate: he has an idea to play, not a character.
In addition, attempts to make the character work by giving him a relationship with another sexy agent (although "from the 90s) are a waste of time.
I wanted the film to end with him trying to do it again with her, only to make him a game.
A few exceptions, the film is missing all its best moments.
The film even looks cheeky, and not in the right direction: I kept wondering if it had been transferred from a hi-me-in or something, so granular video was the film of filmin many scenes.
Everything seems to be done cheap.
My definition of comedy is simply: it made me laugh?
The few times I laughed in Austin Powers were completely offset when I spent squeaks and wanting to go out.
The most overwhelming thing I can say about the film is that Wayne and Garth would most likely have pushed in Mike Tyson shorts and would have sent him navigation.