Take two old and dying, a life of regrets, a house full of sins, a completely contemptible man, enough lies, insecurity and other character flaws to maintain a team of psychiatrists with remunerated employment, then addAn inexplicable meteorological and amphibian phenomenon based on amphibianset you will have summarized Magnolia, the latest film by Paul Thomas Anderson (Boogie Nights).
The film tells several stories, weaving them together or overlapping them during its three hours.
Ceal stories were worth it.
Earl Partridge (Jason Robards, a thousand acres) is dying of cancer.
In bed, in a lot of pain, it is obvious that his time escapes.
His much younger wife played by Julianne Moore (an ideal husband) is surprised to end up with his imminent death.
Married for money, she discovers that she actually fell in love with the old man and regrets having cheated and lied.
Earl regrets having deceived his first wife and breeding himself from his only son (Tom Cruise, his eyes wide), now a guru of Misogynous mutual aid who teaches men to "seduce and destroy", his sexual and vulgar perspective on theMen /Female relationships are so exaggerated to be completely incredible.
Meanwhile, Jimmy Gator (Philip Baker Hall, the initiate) also dies of cancer.
Not as physically invalid as Earl, Jimmy is always able to exercise his functions as the adorable host of a longtime quiz who opposed adults to children.
The current Whiz-Quiz-Kid is Stanley Spector (Jeremy Blackman in his cinema debut) which is tired of performance pressure and which is ready to call it.
On the other hand, the Kid Donnie Smith (William Mystery Men) quiz would like nothing more than going back to the spotlight when he was "someone".
His pathetic life is hidden because he can no longer capitalize on his 15 -minute renowned that Stanley is too impatient to give up.
Jimmy has his own family crisis while his daughter of Toxicomania (Melora Walters, Boogie Nights) refuses to have anything to do with him for reasons that are only disclosed to us at the end of the film.
Seizing a last attempt at happiness, she reaches out to a gentle cop (John c. Reilly, has never been kissed) while she tries to move away from him because she judges herself worthy of her affection.
This dysfunctional group continues for what seems to be two endless thirds of the film.
And then it gets worse, literally crying the frogs.
Yes, the frogs.
Assuming it is a planned deus-machina device, it is ineffective because it does not seem to unfold the characters.
Oh, they can carefully intervene around the corpses of splashed frogs littered in the streets, but otherwise, the frog shower did not seem to change their behavior or their model of life (or dying).
It simply happens in this film and most are unpleasant to watch.
M .Anderson still obscures the film by incorporating a noisy and intrusive sound track which has often drowned dialogue, a character who apparently struck a significant index of a development of the intrigue which was completely unintellige and a heavy segment of surfaces "historical "containing ironic boots which has not set up anything.
One of the recurring themes is in a Donnie quotes line: "We can have finished it with the past, but the past has not done with us."
It is an absolute lie.
God is in the forgiveness sector.
In fact, while we humbly ask for forgiveness and we repent or change our criminal state of mind, the Word of God says that he not only forgive, he also forgets.
 "Me, even me, am he who erases your transgressions for mine, and will not remember your sins."
Isaiah 43: 25 [KJV]
The spiritual who continues to raise our unfair past is the same who wants to keep us in a state of condemnation .
Do not leave it.
The next time your spiritual adversary will remind you of your past, take great pleasure in reminding him of his future.
He hates that.