When you lack old television shows to transform yourself into movies, I suppose you are trying video games.
Why did I go to Mortal Kombat: Annihilation?
The quest to find an answer to this request can prove a better film than the one I just saw.
This film was a bunch of fights, howls, special effects and a bad game on an oppressive techno music band.
The intrigue is quite simple: a portal has opened between our world and the "Outworld", allowing the perverse forces commanded by Shao Kahn (Brian Thompson) to wreak havoc and try to destroy humanity.
The good guys, led by the sorcerer Rayden (James NEME) and the human mortal Liu Kang (Robin Shou), must fight in Outworld, where the fate of the two worlds will be determined.
Here is the capture: they must bring Princess Katana (Talia Soto), who is on the right side, with her REWS Reine Sindel (Musetta Vander), which is on the wrong side, for their love for each other will closethe portal and ensure humanities in another generation.
How is it supposed to work, I still have no idea, but I liked Katana's line, "I knew that love would keep us together", because this song of the captain and tennille in my head and JI laughed well.
There are really stupid things in this film.
Take, for example, a transport system that uses the "internal winds", generated by the Magma flows of the earth.
You climb into this metal ball which transports you to the underground tunnels very quickly.
How fast?
As Katana says: "You will advance so fast, it will be as if you would not move at all."
What ?
Later, Sonya Blade (Sandra Hess) will find Jax (Lynn "Red" Williams, otherwise known as "saber" on American television gladiators) in a medical research establishment on Oahu Island.
How do we know that this is where she went?
There is a sign on the perimeter fence of the establishment that reads: Medical Research Facility - Oahu, Hawaii.
Remember that it is not a legend, but a real sign.
I suppose that the location is there for all these medical researchers who continue to forget where they are.
There is also a lot of major reversal action.
The first meeting between good and evil shows that Kahn and Rayden quickly arched by the air towards each other.
Do they land and immediately embark on the fights?
One of them lands first and does he catch the other off guard?
Are they collrtes in the air?
No, apparently, they turn to each other so that they can speak without having to shout far.
Why did they need these metal balls to travel?
Everyone could have turned from point to to point B.
I must admit that the combat scenes are quite good, although you can say that they are strongly improved by the digital effects and the flying threads, allowing the characters to go beyond the limits of the human body and the laws of physics.
The thrills of the film are derived from these scenes and most public responses are visceral when someone is really seriously ransacked.
 "Ouch" was the most common explanative heard when I detected this one.
It could be said that the filmmakers knew in advance that the fighting, not the plot, would be the main draw, because the dialogue is apparently in the film just to move from one fight to another.
It seems that that's all there is in this film.
Maybe it's.
As I mentioned, the game is bad.
There is not a single performance in the film, although Williams as Jax is quite funny.
After a fight between Sonya and one of the bad guys degenerates into female mud control, Jax says: "You look good in the mud.
No, really, you do. "
Note Rayden with an inconsistency that makes your character take it difficult, and Shou is relatively without emotion as Liu Kang.
Brian Thompson, who played good guys, bad guys and even an extraterrestrial on the X-Files on TV Is not original to say.
The only really impressive thing about this film is that there is not a word of the juron all the time and a half.
Another thing that should be noted is that for all of his punches and kicks, the blood appears only in a single scene.
Overall, Mortal Kombat: Annihilation is noisy, violent, shallow and marketed towards children.
Hey, like video games!