Tom Dicillo directs this superficial comedy on superficial people in superficial careers, all looking for a deeper meaning.
However, they will not find much meaning in the real blonde, and not enough real humor either.
Joe (Matthew Modine) is an actor in difficulty, or he claims to be one, even if he has no credit to his credit.
Her girlfriend, Mary (Catherine Keener) has no claim in her career: she is a makeup artist, working for the eccentric fashion photographer Blair (Marlo Thomas) and the model of the month, Sahara (Bridgette Wilson).
Sahara, who has acquired a new spirituality from the repeated vision of the little mermaid, has a relationship of all this time with Joe's best friend, Bob (Maxwell Caulfield).
However, Bob has obtained his biggest break to date: a main role in a soap opera opposite the beautiful Kelly (Daryl Hannah), who can be this illusory woman whom he has always pursued: a real blonde.
There are a few moments of good humor in the real blonde, but not enough.
The best things are in the details disposable in the background, like the perfume advertisements of Sahara: "Depression - it is not only a state of mind".
But finding humor in the superficiality of models and actors is to pull fish in a barrel.
And, unfortunately, the forays of the film outside the comedy area are pathetic.
For example, take the scoping device for the film of an old lady and her dog.
History is absolutely useless, does not make sense and is completely tangential to the main intrigues of the film.
Matthew Modine and Catherine Keener have the most friendly characters in the film, but they are stuck in the most boring intrigues.
Modine moans and complains and would be completely pathetic if he was twinned against someone stronger than Elizabeth Berkley, who appears as another actor in difficulty.
The character of Keener has a stronger advantage, but the self -defense class of insult (taught by Denis Leary, no less) she is stuck does not make sense.
The operating time of the film is less than two hours, but it seems that it is well finished.
There is simply not enough humor to accelerate things, and not enough meaning to propel a drama.