In the mid -1980s, after the splendid beginnings in Greystoke by Hugh Hudson and the relative success of the first Highlander film, it seemed that the acting career of Christopher Lambert could go somewhere.
But, it was not supposed to be, which became obvious after Highlander II.
During this decade, Christopher Lambert became associated with low -budget films and even lower quality.
Very often, such films were science fiction, which meant that fans of this kind learned of the hard way to escape something with Christopher Lambert.
Whether it is because of the real lack of talent, terrible errors or a bad chance is not important - the end result was almost always horrible.
The same thing can be said for Fortress, a 1993 science fiction film directed by Stuart Gordon, director who created a worship after his horror gorefs from the 1980s like Reanimator and From Beyond.
The film takes place in 2018.
For an unknown reason, the United States has introduced strict population control and couples are prohibited from having more than one child.
Jake (Christopher Lambert) and Karen Brennick (Lori Laughlin) have broken this law and are captured by the authorities on the border.
Sentenced to 31 years in prison, they are both thrown into a fortress, a private correctional establishment, equipped with advanced futuristic technology and computer directed by ZED.
Although equipped with Gismos who regulate all aspects of the life of detainees and make any escape impossible, the penitentiary authorities often use violence.
Jake survives several tests and wins respect for certain detainees who would help him when he begins to plan the escape.
Such an escape should become necessary, because the director POE (Kurtwood Smith) is starting to show unhealthy interest in Karen.
After a rather intriguing start and interesting special effects that describe the futuristic parameters of the prison, this film quickly begins to sink into mediocrity.
The reason is in the script that quickly degenerates into a series of prison films and painfully predictable situations.
As Brennick begins his escape from the fortress, these situations are not only beginning to appear predictable, but also incredible.
Of course, film has never tried to explain why the country that lacks resources to support its current population occurs to spend money buckets for ultra -costly supertechnology with a single intention to keep the most useless members andThe most useless of society.
The initially interesting intrigue is even worse by stereotypical characters, played by actors not too interested or talented.
Lori Laughlin, although physically attractive, shows Sequoia's acting capacity.
Kurtwood Smith as a prison guard is rather inspired, capable of a solid but forgettable performance.
Lambert's performance is also good, but even the biggest talent could not help this film, intended to end in oblivion.