"Air Bud" Disney tells a boy story and his dog with a twist - the dog is a fully accomplished basketball.
Admittedly, for a family comedy, it is not a very funny or successful idea to start, but it does not seem to have any importance - "Air Bud" is surprisingly solemn.
Except for occasional moments of forced slapstick, the film is moving its story with a right face - not a very pleasant approach.
If "Air Bud" had achieved its own absurdity, then it could have been better.
Here, we are actually asked to delight a moment when the dog works to save the big game, dressed in two pairs of sneakers and even a jersey.
his number?
K9.
Yeah whatever .
The film opens as Golden Retriever Buddy (as himself) escapes from its current owner, Norm Snively Clown-For Hire Abusive (Michael throw).
He finds himself in Fernwell, Washington, where Josh (Kevin Zegers), New-Kid-on-the-Block, tries to face this decision and the recent death of his father.
Buddy, Kevin.
Kevin, my friend.
Once the dog proves his prowess on the ground, Kevin's self -esteem rockets.
They both win in the school basketball team, with the animal as a mascot.
But before you can go to the final, Snivel superfect to recover Buddy.
Everything takes place as one might think: heavy on predictability, light on a real story.
The film follows a chain of events calculated - Kevin's sadness fades, obtains his co -pump and friend contracts and must be executed at the old Yeller.
Okay, the latter is a lie, but at least it would have been a faster shipment than the culmination of the "Air Bud" courtroom - no joke!
There is even a false-study musical assembly where a reluctant boyfriend is cleaned to "splash".
The cans of painting are overturned and the newspapers are buried, all in the name of the formula.
The final credits note that "no special visual effect has been used in the basketball sequences of this film".
It can very well be true, and although to see a dog flesh is completely a show, a film cannot exist on the feat alone.
But "Air Bud" does not seem interested in anything else.
One of my friends insists that he saw Buddy some time ago on a segment of stupid "stupid tips" by David Letterman.
I cannot think of a more appropriate connection - this film is a stupid tip of pets.