"Practical Magic", is a film that is so wrong in many ways that this makes you ask you how much talented and very publicized actors would even get involved in a packaging like this.
The film features Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman as Sally and Gillian Owens, two sisters whose family comes from a long line of witches, extending 200 years.
At first, their parents die when they are still children, and they will live with their two wacky aunts (Stégard Channing and Dianne Wiest).
Go to the present day, Gillian, who is the stronger and more rebellious brother, leaves the house and meets a dark and abusive guy (Goran Visjnic), while Sally remains in their hometown, meets and falls in love with a sweet,Living attentive, has two children, then is devastated when her husband is struck by a truck and killed (thinking about it, she is not too devastated because she relies in about two minutes).
When Gillian calls Sally to come and get her after having another abusive spit with Visjnic, they accidentally murdered him and, in despair, buried the body in the backyard of the house of their aunts.
Add to this very convoluted story with sub -intrigues involving the dead and exorcism, not to mention a "light fantasy" splash, and you have a fairly good idea of disorderly "practical magic".
After seeing the film, I thought that there was not even a stage or element, that I liked or appreciated.
It is a comedy, of course, but all the humor falls incredibly flat, and the occasional dramatic moments are the least touching.
It is not charming or entertaining in any way.
And then to top it all, we have this dark story, but the brain of the birds of a bad mind, taking care of Gillian's body.
never mind .
The characters are terribly manipulated, and in fact, most of the actors do not have the chance to become what you could call a character.
There is no reason why Channing and Wiest should have decided to be in this film, and in each scene involving, they are still standing side by side.
No attempt is made to flesh out in real people.
The same goes for Aidan Quinn, as a good police investigator, who has the misfortune of being the main romantic role in front of Bullock, even if he arrives around 70 minutes, and again, heThere is no attempt to develop lurelation, or its character, in any way whatsoever.
In fact, each line of dialogue in the film is at the service of moving the plot, rather than getting to know people who say the lines.
I should have known that I was going to trouble during the opening credits, when I discovered that the script was written by the deeply hated Goldsman Akiva, which managed to destroy the series "Batman" with "BatmanForever "and" Batman and Robin ".
 "Practical Magic" is produced by Griffin Dunne, mainly an actor, who made artificial and clumsy romance, "Addict to love" with Meg Ryan and Matthew Broderick.
I didn't like this film much, but as the "practical magic" is even worse, it can only give you a taste of what he is a filmmaker without talent.
I told him to leave while he is ahead, but in the past two years, he is finally already buried.