It is a shame that the execution of this concept is not far from its premise.
The film is lacking and the most unsatisfactory.
The Osmosis Jones is rude, rude, disgusting and was produced by the Farrelly brothers - the brothers and sisters twisted behind there is something about Mary, myself and Irene and some other films in which theHumor is mainly targeted under the belt.
Not that there is something wrong with scatology.
I bet that the men of the caves appreciated the humor of the bathroom - as it was.
It is simply that with osmosis jones, the humor farlys is too juvenile, too predictable.
You can almost plan word games just looking at the part of the inner anatomy, a sequence is drawn.
Osmosis Jones looks like one of these former health class films that has become psycho.
The problem is that the animation can appeal to the very young, but the jokes can be above their heads, while the teenage audience can find it too docile to taste them.
Adults? Well, let's just say that most will find it little appetizing.
Osmosis Jones plays as an infopublicity of 100 minutes for the Hall of healthy foods EAT.
The live action sequences revolve around Frank (Bill Murray), who seems to be the strongest human being in the universe.
It seems continuously that he needs a shaving and a shower.
Frank, at the great dismay of his daughter, is a fast drug addict, eats everything - and everything - who can kill you.
He works in a zoo where animals seem cleaner - and probably feels better - than him.
Frank's body is invaded by Thrax, a fatal virus, after Frank ate a hard egg that had fallen to the ground.
It is not disgusting enough for Frank to take the egg of dirt and plunged him into his mouth.
No, the Farrelys stack it by first making Frank a chimpanzee for the egg, tearing it away from the primate.
As I said, the raw meter tips the scales on it.
After having ingested the egg, the film begins its animated sequences.
Here, Osmosis Jones (expressed by Chris Rock), a white renegat globules, is associated with Drix (expressed by David Hyde Pierce to brew), a cold 12 -hour capsule to fight Thrax (gently expressed by Laurence Fishburne).
Basically, what we have is a cliché buddy film, Rife with all the clich? S of this kind.
And that's why Osmose Jones does not click.
He simply folds up on tired and familiar conventions instead of creating new and exciting situations.
The jokes and the puns are lame: the osmosis searches a golden gold, an old influenza virus.
After having pumped it for more information, Drix said to osmosis: "Funny, he does not seem fluis."
And the jokes do not exceed this level.
The live action scenes are not better.
Frank is such a slob, so unattractive that it is difficult to understand how he got married or even generated a child.
He is almost a cartoon larger than animated characters.
Osmosis Jones is a film that can be too violent for young children because Thrax burns and dissolves blood cells on the right and on the left.
The animation is rather two -dimensional and flat.
It lacks reach and depth.
It is an unattractive film that will let you scratch your head, and maybe lean towards a shower after leaving the theater.