The continuation of The Fugitive (1993), U.S Marshals is an average thriller using his association with the fugitive just so that he can do a few additional dollars.
Tommy Lee Jones returns to his role as Chief MP Samuel Gerard, the Grizzly cop who was after Harrison Ford in the fugitive.
This time, he is after the fugitive Mark Sheridan (Snipes) who, according to the police, killed two FBI agents, but of course, he was set up, and when the police plane gets worse (and Gerard) Roll, he runs for that, Gerard is not so hot on his tail.
The following is around 2 hours of action, which was brought to us by the director of the executive decision (1995), another film curiously involving an airplane.
When you compare this film to the fugitive, the prequel is much higher.
But even alone, Vous.s Marshals is a fairly ugly film.
While the original was reasonably intelligent and had a fugitive for which the public feels strangely distant from fleeting snipes, mainly because we know so little of him until the film's time is too long in the film.
While the fugitive gave a little time to develop the character of Harrison Fords, the marshals are directly in there, pulling his Trump Card (the place of the square) almost immediately.
To be honest, I don't care if the character of Snipe was captured or not.
Snipes' performance is average and his character becomes surprisingly little screen time (since he is the fugitive) for reasons that I will explain later.
Tommy Lee Jones is as good as ever, although his role is hardly a challenge.
The feeling of already seen was overwhelming.
I know that it is the same role of the fugitive, but there is apparently no attempt to develop his character from the last film.
There are some “Nudge Nudge” references from the first film, but other than that.
No one even mentions Harrison Ford in this film.
Downey Jnr is OK as FBI agent, John Royce, who corded in the pursuit, and the French actress sexy Irene Jacob walks in and out of the film as a snipes woman.
No one seems to have a good time, and all the artists are on the automatic pilot.
The support distribution is O.K, but when it comes to performance, the marshals fall flat on his face.
It also does not depend on the plot either.
The film begins with Gerard trying to capture snipes, but then triggers in the territory of the terrorists.
As indicated above, the film is a normal and average terrorist thriller, given a million times before, but uses the fleeting reputation to make it more professional.
If this film was not the `` following '' of the fugitive, it would probably go directly to the video, or not even at all done, because it is so average.
And because of the intrigue of the film that changes its course, Snipes is almost forgotten and barely presents itself in the film.
Stuart Baird, the director, is fine, but there is no particular scene that stands out.
Its director is the usual action film style.
Even the plane crash is sorely lacking in tension.
The special effects are nice, especially the plane crash, and there is a good soundtrack (although very noisy) of the veteran composer Jerry Goldsmith.
But in the end, the marshals suffer from a lack of excitation massively.
Of course, it's noisy and stupid, but in the end. The marshals are not fun.
Bored interpreters and a plot and a dull script do not make a good action film.
Global evaluation = exam by David Wilcock Web Space provided by Geocities