It should have been a classic.
A large cast of respected support players.
An interesting premise of the characters of losing comics.
However, the "mysteries" proved to be one of the great disappointments of 1999.
The jokes were bland and hackney of talents who have already made the public laugh with their unique rituals.
The number of shots and superficial characters made the film difficult to sit through an attempted premise at the rapid rhythm.
The script tried to deliver a series of small jokes throughout the film, but without a big joke aloud and small poor jokes, it has miserably failed to be entertaining.
The jokes were not funny for several reasons.
They had been used on several occasions before in the previous films, the best, which were poor to start, were ruined in the trailer, and the waiting for laughing of intelligent and unique gags of unique comedians intelligent when it does notThere was no laughter damaged the film greatly.
 "Mystery Men" could have worked if it was an overall set of newcomers trying to enter the business.
But with the veterans who were doing this kind of waste, he really wondered if their other work was as funny as we thought.
Fortunately, most of the actors in this film will appear in five other films before the arrival of the New Year to help viewers forget this little film.
The film follows a band of budding superheroes living in a grassy city of Gotham which are ridiculed by their fellow citizens and wicked because of their clumsiness and their failure to save their day and capture the villain.
The fact is that these pathetic losers are not necessary because their city already has a successful superhero, Captain Amazing, which recently captured all the villains in the city.
Captain Amazing (played terribly by a Greg Kinnear without inspiration), because of his success in the past, fears that he will lose popularity.
After having released one of the most notorious bad guys in the city (Geoffrey Rush, over-acting a little too much) to keep busy, things become uncontrollable when Captain Amazing is captured.
It's aspiring superheroes to save the day.
When this section of the plot is finished, the interest of what is happening (if you have not already understood it) is very low.
There are very few scenes that draw the total attention of viewers.
The first scene of the film, which shows the aspirants trying to save the day, has the impression of having been seriously published.
Just at that time, he started to become a little funny, seeing these players humiliate in an old folk by masked henchmen, Captain Amazing arrives and saves the day? Or ruin the film.
Instead of modifying this scene, more assembly should have been carried out in fields such as the unnecessary romance between Mr.Furious (Ben Stiller) and Monica, a waitress (Claire Forlani) or the vast majority of the film, which is the heroesWho speak on a coffee table of the way their day was.
A simple rule: a more silly action is necessary to operate an idiotic action film.
Another major problem with "mysteries" is that each actor of him seemed very uncomfortable and therefore gave terrible performance.
The film depended on its distribution to work commonly together, like a bunch of old friends working together in a kind meeting.
However, most of the characters seemed like they didn't even want to be in this film or at least the script pretended this way.
To draw one of the actors of this random film from a hat, Paul Reubens, who disappeared from the action to the joy of everyone, returns here leaving very little impression.
As a Wannabe who uses flatulence for a weapon, all of his jokes must be PET jokes.
Pet jokes that have all been heard before and will inevitably be heard in future films thanks to the success of "American Pie" and "There is something about Mary".
 "Mystery Men" drags on Towa RDS The end to a point where anything else in the world is more entertaining.
Anyone with a brain knows that each of the heroes will succeed in their talent at the end and everyone will contribute in a useful way.
So why continue watching?
This film is far from being a dignified guilty pleasure.
 "Mystery Men" does that and each time a character succeeds in another congratulations and said "I knew you could do it!"
 "Mystery Men" fails in each category he tries to pass.
What makes this film so bad is that it had the potential to be wonderful and unforgettable.
A terrible game, a terrible script and a terrible waste of time change their opinion on all these actors.
 "I am unpredictable!"
A Ben Stiller overexcited shouts.
No, you are the complete opposite.