Words that I never thought of writing: The continuation of Urban Legend does not have the grace, the spirit and the power of the original.
Put the gun on my head, press the trigger and put me out of my misery.
Better yet, put the kind of horror out of his misery.
When you have finished watching Urban Legends: Final Cut, you will share my same dark point of view thanks to the horrible game, a terrible script and a ridiculous staging which has become too common today.
Urban Legends: Final Cut is a smorgasbord of stolen movies ideas (mainly Blair and Scream witch project): fabulous people with perfect teeth and skin, a frightening cinema school and a dog eating a freshly removed kidneyOne of the unfortunate of the film.
Urban Legends delivers a story on a bunch of cinema students working on their thesis films to win the coveted "Hitchcock Award" which guarantees the winner a director in Hollywood.
A filmmaker (Jennifer Morrison, The Freaky Dead Girl from Stimula of Echoes) writes a fictional scenario based on a serial killer who kills his victims according to "Urban Legend" tales.
Suddenly, all of his crew begins to fall back with urban legendary homicides, but the bodies are still missing and she is often the only witness to the murders.
The killer carries a fencing mask and a long black overcoat, resembling an Olympian despised to avenge his defeat in Sydney.
Why is it scary is never explained.
Of course, the golden rule is that there must be less than a recurring character for continuity.
Urban Legends has a minor and recurring character of the original that we never care anyway (the security guard, of all people).
The other central problem is that this character has already seen the urban killings once before, but it has absolutely no idea of what is happening around it.
Call this the suspension of disbelief.
This film is also an excellent example of how horror films are now completely dead in the water.
The latest decent horror film was the Blair Witch project, and it looked more like a tobacco film than fiction.
The hunting killer with crazy motivation has become a tired cliché?, Like everyone seems to have forgotten it: the real horror does not concern what is seen but on what is unknown.