Talk about beating a dead horse!
When Home Alone was released in 1990, it was a breath of fresh air, and the latest box office counts how the public enjoyed a truly lush family film.
The unexpected crude has guaranteed a suite, therefore, two years later, we were submitted to Home Alone 2, which would have just as well been called clone for all the originality it presented.
For John Hughes, two home movies only were enough? He started recycling the same types of bad guys and situations in almost all the films with which he was involved, including a bomb at the pathetic box office called Baby's Day Out, Dalmatians live last year and the Flubber of this year.
Now, inexplicably, Hughes has exhumed not only these worn elements of the plot, but also the name "alone at home".
The result? The worst suite of 1997 (Edging Out Speed 2 and Batman and Robin), Home Alone 3.
By changing the characters, Hughes (who wrote and co-produced the film), as well as his co-conspirator, the director Raja Gosnell, tried to inject a new life into a series that has exceeded the cardiac arrest point.
The new kid, Alex Pruitt, is played by Alex D.Linz (one day), and the only thing he has for him is the terminal kindness.
It is not half as interesting as Macaulay Culkin.
The bad guys, the pale copies of Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern, are even less engaging than the pair of idiots in Flubber.
In Home Alone 3, there are four (Olek Krupa, David Thornton, Lenny von Dohlen and Rya Kihlstedt), but all of this means an opportunity for twice as many falls.
This time, the child is not left alone at home because his parents made a trip.
Instead, he has developed a bad case of chickenpox, so he cannot go to school.
His father (Kevin Kilner) is absent from business and his mother (Haviland Morris) must go shopping, therefore, for the most part, he is alone during the day.
Thanks to a series of coincidences that are too irritating to tell, a top secret U.S. The integrated air force circuit enters its possession.
He is wanted by a gang of four international crooks who intend to enter Alex's house to recover it.
The eight-year-old child, who is wise beyond his years, Boby imprisoned the house with all kinds of Rube Goldberg type devices designed to humiliate and make the bad guys.
The culmination of the film takes place during a snowstorm that rages? Only none of the falling flakes seem credible at a distance.
Previously, the most counterfeit snow effects that I remember were in Star Trek III.
These are much worse.
In fact, the production values are so of poor quality that there are scenes in the middle of this quasi-lizzle when a brilliant sun can be seen.
If it is a wonderful life could generate real snow in the 1940s, why cannot be at home 3, which has a much larger budget and a technology of the 90s at its disposal?
There was an in progress debate concerning the relevance of the violence of live cartoons for young children.
Home Alone 3 will add fuel to the fire.
It is one thing to see Wyle E.Coyote flattened by a weight of 10 tonnes, but another to watch a lawn mower during the execution on Lenny von Dohlen.
Adults and even older children will recognize that it is obviously false and intended to be humorous, but what about children of five and six years?
The level of violence at home alone 3 is extreme? A lot of Alex patterns are bad enough to kill.
But, because it is a "family film", no one dies, despite its electrocution, the fall of thirty feet and strikes it on the head with a dumbbell.
Not only is the house alone 3 useless, but it is offensive.
It is an exercise in tasesse, and there is no real laugh to find from start to finish (unless, by a strange quirk of destiny, you missed each film from the 1990s associated with John Hughes,And so you don't have seen a thing before).
I can't IMA Gine everyone having a reasonable duration of attention being more than momentarily distracted by this unnecessary adventure.
This may be why the only ones laughing at the projection to which I attended were still in their thumb push years.