As with any film Gen-X MTV (like Dead Man from last year on campus), the film is marketed for an public mainly male as indicated by its main sales arguments: sex and football.
These two articles, wrapped in a guilt, are sure to trap an initially important piece of box office, but sales will decrease for two reasons.
First, football sequences are not new and cannot be; the sporting genre is not common and has been spared to death.
Second, sex is simply bad.
Despite the appearance of a whipped cream bikini or the tape club evening all night, there is even nothing of a distance.
The game is mainly poor, not to mention the fantastic Jon Voight.
Cultivating his usual thinness, Voight gives an exceptionally remarkable performance as a head coach of West Canaan Coyotes, Bud Kilmer.
Kilmer is the driving force behind the twenty-two conference championships of coyotes and two state titles in thirty years; this year, he plans to do so twenty-three.
Unfortunately, when his star quarterrier, launches Harbor (Paul Walker), descends for the count, he must rely on the unreliable capacities of the replacement John Moxon (James Van der Beek).
Moxon leads the team in his last four games, then has to face his new celebrity, the effect he has on his relationship with Girlfriend Julie (Amy Smart) and other temptations abound inWest Canaan football-football.
Most regions of the country are not as crazy as Texas, and therefore the atmosphere is likely to be lost for the most part.
Likewise, the design of the sets is bad for a high school frame: the teams are decorated with sparkling uniforms, radio helmets (which never seem to work, and rather require that coaches report parts manually), and even a statuegiant bronze of Kilmer.
These elements (as well as the heavy consumption of alcohol and carousser) could be more appropriate on a university campus - but the main public of MTV is the demography of the school.
This objective is more emphasized by the cast: James Van der Beek, of "Dawson's Creek" of TV, is an understandable choice for the reluctant hero, although he never manages to do anything with the role.
Other stars are also young and unwavering.
There is not much that goes well on Varsity Blues, and there is not much to love either.
Everything here has already been done, and if it is not the case, the film manages to build it in one way or another.
It is certainly lacling.