In the interest of being generous, I want to start this criticism with the scene I loved in meeting Joe Black.
Sir Anthony Hopkins, playing a super rich media tycoon, gathered his family around him for dinner.
His eldest daughter (played by Marcia Gay Harden of Millers Crossing), who has obsessively planned her extravagant birthday birthday party, presents three superbly decorated cupcakes, which are supposed to be models on the scale of her big cakeBirthday.
The girl asks Hopkins to choose the one he loves.
Hopkins, frustrated by the weight of the planning of the whole developed case, does what every man in his position would do: he drops.
Whatever the one you love, my dear, he says.
And the girl does exactly what any woman in her position would do: she cries.
I liked this scene for two reasons.
First, the cakes looked really cool.
Second, it may be the only scene in the film where people acted as you expected that people act.
Meet Joe Black is full of strange performances, people who do things without perceptible reason at all, and make them idle during three hours to start.
It is easy to watch Joe Black meet for the abundance of candies for the eyes of palatial houses and the beautiful Claire Forlani, but it is even easier to sleep through (two people on my row managed it well).
The difficult part of the film is to understand the characters and their motivations and why someone thought that three hours was an appropriate duration for this overworked mess.
I know that my audience had problems with the film because they thought it was a comedy.
Example: everyone should now know that Brad Pitt plays the angel of death in this film.
However, the first we see of him is as a young lawyer in a cafe that strikes the glamor Claire Forlani.
 (It is not clear to the film if you need a law diploma to become the Angel of Death, but that has a certain meaning.)
He should not take a long time at the observer film buff to realize that bad things are about to get to Mr. Pitt.
And indeed, they do it (after a hideously prolonged sequence where Pitt looks over his shoulder to the removal of Forlani and Forlani looks over his shoulder to the withdrawal of Pitt), because Pitt enters the road without looking andsuddenly crush.
Well, when it happened, the audience yelled at laughing and continued to laugh at each comment that was at a humorous distance.
So, if you think that sudden violent death and the sarcastic living room humor are funny, I encourage you to go see Joe Black immediately.
Be that as it may, the body of the deceased lawyer, not worse than the wear and tear of his massive wounds, is possessed by the Angel of Death and Brad Pitt takes over this role.
The idea is that death (given the name of Joe Black's pen, so as not to disturb others) wants to take a vacation and discover the world.
If it was not Hollywood, we could obtain an interesting metaphysical discussion on life and death, but as is the case, we get a scene after the scene of humor of the water of the water, asIf death was George of the jungle or the crocodiledundee or another poor schmuck who wandered the jungle or the outback or something else and does not know how to act in our society.
It also does not help that the character of death is written so inconsistently.
He claims to be on vacation, but he does nothing but hang out in the very attractive Claire Forlani (just try to bring your travel agent to book it).
He speaks very slowly and interrupting English but perfectly commonly the Jamaican dialect.
He knows everything about some characters, nothing about others.
And as played by Brad Pitt, he is not particularly threatening or charming or glamorous or intriguing, he is right there.
It is as if someone had said to Pitt: "It doesn't matter to act on this photo, my son, stay there and be pretty."
It's like Pitt did G his impression of Keanu Reeves throughout the film.
I used the expression "Angel of Death" in this review very deliberately to compare Pitt's performance with this year's best angel performance, Nicolas Cage's in City of Angels.
Where Pitt is cold and insensitive, the cage is as hot and empathetic as the situation allows.
Where the cage is really curious about the nature of man, Pitt is distant and arrogant.
Cage has struck instant chemical sparks with the Co-Star Meg Ryan, where the chemistry between Pitt and Forlani is only understandable if you accept the idea that the character of Forlani is so superficial that she cannot seeBeyond the beauty of Pitt.
The other name of the film is a much best actor, but that does not save Joe Black.
Sir Anthony Hopkins does not have much better equipment with which to work, unfortunately.
He plays one of those multimillionaire magnificently hearts that only exist in Hollywood.
 (We wonder what could have happened if they had made the character of Hopkins more realistic.)
Hopkins is marked for death due to a bad ticker, but death comes in and grants him a little additional time in exchange for being his guide in the world.
Of course, no one can be sure of how they act when death hits on their shoulder.
But I have to wonder (and in this film, you have a long time to ask yourself) how you or I would act in a similar situation, especially if you or I were a multimillionaire.
Hopkins goes to the office - and the large intuse -intrigue is around who will control the company.
Fans of business intrigue will be fascinated, I'm sure.
I stayed awake while meeting Joe Black, and I wonder why.
Movies on death should encourage you to fully live life, which I'm going to do now.
Go spend time with your family, go volunteer for a local, devil, go to take a nap.
Do not see Joe Black meet, because all he will do is bring you closer to three long hours of death.
- Curtis Edmonds
 "No child has ever got involved in the republican party and lived to talk about it."
- Sideshow Bob