Wesley Snipes is a master of the selection of roles of bad actions.
Murder at 1600, U.S. The marshals, the monetary train, the drop area, the boiling point and the ultimate camp film - Passenger 57.
The art of war is another entry into this very ugly and unique category.
In the end, it is hardly more than a ridiculous action film with a intrigue as credible as the Warren report, ugly violence that would have made Peckinpah crink teeth and a terrible game by actors from the listB like Michael Biehn and Anne Archer.
Curiously, it looks like not discovery of another Snipes "masterpiece", the rising sun.
The film revolves around the practical history of a special United Nations agent caught in a secret conspiracy of murder involving Chinese ambassador, the China triad, a wealthy Chinese businessman (played by this wicked RisingSun, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) has a Chinese UN Chinese and, inexplicably, Donald Sutherland.
The film ends with more confusion than a cargo of Chinese immigrants trying to register for Ellis Island.
Or should I say that the film ends with the most flagrant scam of the Matrix and all Hong Kong films by John Woo combined.
I am really as far as we understand why Wesley Snipes had the courage not only to play in this action, but also to be one of the producers of the film.
I generally appreciate snipes - although his dramatic roles show his creativity as an actor better than the flashing of his action films.
Simply, I am amazed by the way in which the inane script was, filled with terrible shots and extremely violent action sequences.
Director Christian Duguay (Scremers) has a strange attraction for the wickedness of violent acts - showing splashes, people impaled with broken glass and a lot of gargarers and gags like blood sprays everywhere.
This also gave me a sick to know that Oliver Stone, one of the greatest directors working today, had a hand in the production of this monstrosity.
I suppose that Snipes sold stone on the conspiracy angle and that Stone has chosen not to read the script, to look at the daily newspapers, to be involved in the casting, or anything else - if notHe would deposit a court order to withdraw his name from the credits.
It also seems obvious that with Russkies as our new breast friends and the terrorist angle of the Middle East beaten to death in the past two years that new international enemies in Hollywood are the Communist Chinese.
I am sure that in the coming months, even more "conspiracy action films / Chinese martial arts" will appear in your local multiplex.
I hope they do not include Wesley Snipes.