Adam Sandler reveals the charm of his latest romantic comedy, The Wedding Singer.
Unfortunately, this also has the effect of softening your edge.
It is far from its peak of Happy Gilmore, not that it is a large part.
He is certainly not helped here by a rather fragile plot.
The year is in 1985, leaving the whole film obsessed with nostalgia for the 80s.
Adam Sandler is a nice guy Robbie, the titular wedding singer, who entertains in the local reception room by surrounding his interpretations of the classic successes of the 80s.
Robbie's life is thrown into turmoil when her fiancée, Linda (Angela Featherstone), leaves him to the altar.
However, things improve when he meets Julia (Drew Barrymore), a lobby in the hall.
She is the perfect woman, but for a small defect: she is engaged to be married to a smooth king of Bond, Glenn (Matthew Glave).
Thus, most of the film deals with the slow realization of Robbie that he and Julia are in love, and his attempts to stop marriage.
Regarding intrigue, it is a pretty thin and tired.
To fill the gaps, the wedding singer offers nostalgia assistance of the 1980s.
From Boy George to Michael Jackson, from Miami Vice to Dallas, from the first CDs to the last Cubes of Rubik, this film revels in all the minute.
And then there is music ...
Learning a lesson in successful sound soundtracks with a big blank point, and Romy and Michele's High School Réunion, this film contains more songs from the 80s in the film than racing time allows it.
As a result, most songs may get a word or half-me, but you can almost see the shiny glow in the eyes of the leaders: The Wedding Singer Vols.
2, 3 and 4!
While the non-stop riffs of the 80s become incredibly tiring, at least they distract you from the plot.
At least last year, the marriage of my best friend aroused the standard plot "to prevent your true love from marrying someone else" by making the rival a nice person.
Here, Glenn is such a weak rat of a man that you never see what Julia saw in him.
Barrymore, on the other hand, is simply charming that Julia.
Which leaves us with Adam Sandler.
He is his best in the film when his nice character fades a little (like when he has a breakdown on stage during a wedding reception).
When it is in Nice-Guy mode, it is more pathetic than attaches.
The film has several cameras (notably by Steve Buscemi and Jon Lovitz).
But none of them works well at all.
The role of Buscemi as a best drunk man simply fails to be humorous.
Lovitz, on the other hand, as a rival wedding singer, makes you aspire to his good old days of Saturday Night Live, where he was really funny.
The only cameo that has a certain appeal is an appearance by a classic rocker from the 80s in the film's final (surprisingly, one of the only scenes related to the intrigue that actually works.)
Adam Sandler still has work to do before he can become a reliable leading man.
While trying to change his image in the wedding singer, the end result is not a net gain.