First impressions: critically, a film close to the world, but in terms of money, he made (and will continue to do) very well.
A sometimes fun film that sags and drags and often becomes boring.
An original plot that ages very quickly.
One of the only 90 -minute films I got bored.
Men in black challenged the chances.
When I saw for the first time that the film lasted 89 minutes, I thought it was perhaps a bad attempted film type independence that had just failed in gasoline.
However, I realize now that not only were men in black missing, but the film in 90 minutes manages to show a very original idea (which the summer public adopted) which becomes old about 25 minutes in the film.
Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith play two "government" agents responsible for the order in extraterrestrial society.
The ridiculous intrigue begins when an extraterrestrial "bug", strangely played by Vincent d'Onofrio, who was so great in the metal jacket, lands on earth to recover a galaxy which is somewhere on "Orion's Belt".
Be that as it may, the basic intrigue revolves around Jones and Smith to prevent this bug from obtaining the galaxy, or a higher power will explode the earth.
The premise is ridiculous, but that is not why I did not like this film.
I love the original plots.
He had an original.
But director Barry Sonnenfeld did something to this film which ruined his intrigue: he made the film and also put unnecessary elements which are in romantic films.
Whenever I saw the Onofrio Stomp bug and eat people in the film, it's terribly boring after a while.
Although Smith's wise men committed the gaps, it was not enough.
And also, I cannot believe that the writers have chosen to have a sub -intrigue where Tommy Lee Jones missed his former lover because as a foreign agent, they cannot really have contact with humans.
And here I see Jones, in a satellite computer, looking at her lover planting the garden?
A sentimental moment in an extraterrestrial film?
Well tried, but I don't think.
It doesn't work here.
It makes the film even more ridiculous and more boring: we have not only extraterrestrials to worry, but now we are aware of Jones.
I entered the film not wanting to see Jones' conscience, but wanting to see a real action film that had many foreigners in it.
It may be unfair that I partially judged this film about my expectations.
Nevertheless, even if some parts are really funny, the intrigue in this film was aged and boring - quickly.