In the "Mighty Joe Young" final of Disney, a 1500 pound 15 -foot gorilla holds a young boy frightened in his claws as he switches from a crippled ferris wheel and falls to the ground.
During the impact, everyone and the perennial well-being, Bill Paxton, rushes, containing the emotional crowd with a "move now, there is nothing to do here".
Ok, so these are not exactly the words he uses, but he is probably one of the rare shots? Is not pronounced in this useless remake of an unnecessary remake of this mother of all monster films, "King Kong".
"Mighty Joe Young" of 1949 was an update of this functionality of classical creature, also based on Merian C. Cooper's original history (16 years after "" "Kong", it appeared that the world was ready for aNew interpretation of beauty and fable of the beast).
Now, about 49 years later, at least according to Disney's way of thinking, the world is ready for one more.
not the case.
The only time - and I mean - the season to see the 1998 version is for special effects.
And these, unfortunately, are hot and cold.
Today's Joe Young is designed and produced by Whiz Baker with special effects, which has amazed the public with its cutting -edge makeup effects since "Schlock" from 1971 (which, by incident, presented aImproved "" gorilla).
Joe is a combination of animatronic effects, infographic and this old standard, a man in monkey costume.
Although there are occasional flashes of shine - Baker has had a lot of practice with Simian effects, after all, including "Gorillas in the Mist", "Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes" and the1976 "King Kong" remake- there is also a surprising cheese.
One of the most embarrassing moments of the film is when the group of African trackers of Paxton meets for the first time and continued the primary larger than life (in a scene without ripped shame of "The Lost World: Jurassic Park").
Paxton praising in jubilation The majestic approach of the beast at the same time that Joe, and the computer makes the effects that led him, stammering.
In addition, if the producers of the film had wanted us to focus our attention on the holder monkey, they should not have swept Charlize Theron ("Essay and error") in an apparently endless wardrobe short of Spaghetti.
Even Joe sometimes seems distracted.
The film is packed on the shot as if there is no of tomorrow, including the predictable intrigue (the anthro-Zoogists expedient gigantic gorilla at L. A-USURprise!), And the predictable outcome ("" Twas received at the box office that killed the beast ").
Children raised on "Men in Black" (non-monkey effects also by Baker) will find Ron ("Tremors") coming out a little lame in comparison.
Although certainly better than "King Kong Lives" from 1978 (itself a ugly suite of a not particularly good remake), "Mighty Joe Young" proves how the powerful continue to fall.