Warning: spoilers are included in this review ...
But that doesn't really make a difference.
Deep Impact begins the official season of summer films, and he also recalls the memories of 1997.
Remember when Dante's Peak was released in February?
A few months later, Volcano was released.
The first film was intelligent, exhibiting and one of the best disaster films that I have ever seen.
This last film was a unstabricated mess that challenged logic and wasted talent.
Well, it's already already seen when two films in the event of a disaster compete in competition.
This time, unfortunately, the first comet's first film is so bad that people can turn away from Armageddon, the next Catastrophe comet to publish in early July.
Of course, the general reaction of the public was opposed to mine, and therefore I am a minority, as I was when I was standing on the side of the Dante peak.
But looking at Deep Impact, I started wondering how anyone in his good sense could really like this film.
Apparently, many have done it, and it completely confuses me.
To be completely honest, I did not have this little pleasure in watching a disaster film in my whole life.
The volcano had invisitations in the wazoo, but it was still rather fun to watch.
Deep Impact does not only have incorrects, it also contains a inexpensive human drama, incredibly horrible special effects and a badly constructed intrigue.
The only thing that gives it half a star above my lower classification is a last fortnightly entertaining minutes and good actors who draw the best party from their characters.
Deep Impact begins with an anonymous year (the year varies; Advanced technology defines it in the future, but Fire in the Sky shows a local cinema, repelling it in 1993).
A line of students is outside the night, looking through telescopes in the dark sky above.
Among these are Leo Biederman (Elijah Wood) and Sarah Hotchner (Leelee Sobieski).
Leo discovers without knowing a comet, and his teacher sends a photo of the unknown object to an astronomer, who is then able to determine the correct path of this distant comet in a few seconds.
He runs to send the information, but is killed in a reckless car accident.
A year passes, and nothing can be heard again about it.
We are then presented to Jenny Lerner (T? A Leoni), an MSNBC journalist.
He was given a job to investigate a possible concealment of the government involving Senator Alan Rittenhouse (James Cromwell).
She speaks to a woman who mentions that Rittenhouse had an affair with a girl named Ellie.
After talking with Rittenhouse and dissatisfied information she receives, she decides to use the Internet to get help.
Fortunately, she knows exactly how to spell the certain "Ellie" she is looking for (they spell her in the film ...
This girl is damn intelligent to guess how she was spelled).
Before it can use the information, the government decides to push its car from the road.
They take him to meet the President of the United States, President Beck (Morgan Freeman).
Beck recommends Jenny to keep the information secret for 48 hours so that they can confirm it, then hold a press conference.
Naturally, she wants to be compensated, and they offer her a seat in the front row and the chance of the first question.
And so, Yada Yada Yada, they reveal the comet to the public and their plans: send a massive spacecraft to destroy it before it can happen.
They announce a plan called "ark", which is their only hope of survival.
A computer will select 800,000 people at random.
These people are those who will go to a large cave underground so that the impact of the comet does not kill the whole human race.
After two years, the dust will be deposited (in fact, it would take a lot, much more time-about eighty-years, of what I understand) and humans could return to the surface and start again.
The rest of the plot is there Our film procedures in the event of a standard disaster, but there is a sub -intrigue that deserves to be mentioned.
Jenny and his father, Jason (Maximilian Schell), have a very touching relationship that is formed from imminent fate.
The last moment involving the two characters is sincere and emotional.
It's a shame that nothing else is sincere.
Now, of course, we all know that the comet has an impact on the surface.
The title alone suggests it, and the glimps actually show it!
By doing this, no tension, no tension can be drawn from an attempt to stop the comet because we all know that it will not work.
The director Mimi Leder came from his successful tests in the direction with episodes of the successful television program "ER".
His big film was The Peacemaker, a pathetic and heartless action film.
Well, this time, Leder has surpassing herself, creating a worse film than that.
Suggestion to MS.LADER: please, get away from the big screen, or at least the kind of action.
A large part of the blame can be placed directly on leder, because the rhythm is disastrous.
Throughout the film, we have subtitles that tell us how long it has passed (this has been going on for weeks at times).
It seems literally that this defeated time takes place in real time - it is also boring.
Of course, Leder is not all to blame.
The writers Michael Tolkin and Bruce Joel Rubin have designed a simplistic story that is only getting worse over time.
What is starting to promise soon becomes fatal (for the public anyway).
Chocking full of cheese linings ("You know, you will have more sex than anyone at school!")
And stupid characters, you might think that we were again in the 1970s.
Only one of the sub -intrigues is interesting, while the others are forgettable and boring.
And the main plot is so scandalous that you cannot determine if this film is supposed to be an action, a drama or a science fiction.
To put it simply: the special effects of this film are a successful situation.
It's true, 80% Miss and 20% hit.
The scenes above the earth are well made and the ship in orbit is majestic.
But the comet is a huge mistake, which makes her more laughable than frightening.
The concept of even trying to land on a comet is quite absurd, but it is forgivable.
What is not forgiven is that humans walk on the surface.
Give me a break, are you okay?
And of course, the highly publicized collision of the comet and the earth.
Well, it is far from being spectacular, and it makes the independence of the day brilliant.
The water rushing towards the earth is effective, but once it strikes the continent, the effects become ridiculous.
CGI Water is used, and it looks so bad that I heard more laughs from the public than howls.
In fact, I can even recommend the film for those who want to see how bad effects can really get these days.
Just when we think that visual effects cannot be improved, a film is a film to show that they can really and should be.
One thing struck a bad note with me about the management of Mimi Leder, who also influences the actors.
Leder likes to show the faces of the actors before and during moments of terror.
This reminded me of another action director, Renny Harlin (Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger).
But Harlin succeeds because he shows the faces of the victims in realistic situations.
Leder likes to display people's fears via their faces, but instead of presenting himself as sympathetic, Leder seems more a sadistic.
A moment has an astronaut that flies away in space.
This should be enough to justify an audience, but Leder wants to go further and shows us the person's face while deriving in space.
It is one of the cheapest ways to have an emotional response from an audience, and I, for my part, will not be fooled.
On another note, Leder's film only accepts its pace during the last fifteen minutes when the comet has an impact.
The pace is reproduced, and a little Emotional moments are shown.
Again, when you watch people cry for their loved ones, it is obvious that it will be emotional.
It is above all a great tip to ensure that viewers "feel" for the characters, but it did not work for me.
But anyway, the actors do as much as they can with what they are given.
T? A Leoni (Bad Boys, "The Naked Truth" on television) is the best in the film, and she has the most meat role.
Her character is reinforced by the presence of Leoni, and we grow to take care of her.
Robert Duvall is energetic and fun to look at, but his character is transformed into shreds by the plot.
Elijah Wood is also successfully detached, but he still hasn't had many good roles (wood, stick to the drama!
You are too talented for this kind of thing).
Vanessa Redgrave is hardly recognizable and its performance is only improved by its strong presence on the screen.
Maximilian Schell is distracting, but he provides a little humor.
Morgan Freeman has been infinitely better than that and gives one of his most superficial performances to date (which is quite remarkable for him).
Leelee Sobieski could have been better, but I think she has just suffered from an ill -writing character.
A special note should go to Ron Eldard and Denise Crosby.
Eldard is good in his role, but is limited by the plot.
Crosby is special for me personally because she was Tasha Yar of "Star Trek: The Next Generation" of TV.
Seeing her was one of the strengths of the film.
Overall, a very talented casting almost wasted.
Deep Impact is evaluated PG-13 for elements related to disasters and the brief language.
It is one of the worst films of the year, and if it is an omen of things to come, this summer could be one of the worst of all time.
Fortunately, the film X-Files is coming, and I hope that Armageddon will succeed more.
It's a shame that this film is successful because it is not worth much.
Cost of almost $ 75 million, with special effects made by ILM illustrious (which is a huge shock), and with a partition composed by James Horner (Titanic), winner of an Oscar (Titanic), we would havecould expect that it is more fun to assist and experiment.
Well, this is not the case.
When the comet strikes the earth, you almost want it to simply take this film with it.