"You can't have any of this.
That's all to me! "
--- A twisted priest (Charles Huevelman) horde his tasty fried chicken while Dana (Angela Zimmerly) looks without interest.
A bad presence, named in an appropriate way the presence (DJ Vivona), reigns over an alternative dimension where neither the angels nor the demons can touch it.
For kicks, the presence likes to encourage a human to bring together five of his friends so that they can all be sent to his dimension and be systematically slaughtered.
When something is wrong and one of the recent victims of the presence escapes, angels and demons are alerted from its existence and feels that it is a threat that must be arrested.
They enlist the help of Alison (Ramona Midgett), a recent victim of suicide, to return to the flesh and follow the six new commitments through the wall of ice that surrounds the Nether-Realm.
Its mission is to melt the ice barrier and allow the angels and demons to access by recalling the presence of whom it was once, a former bouffon of the court named Abraham who lost his job when his king and hisqueen were killed.
The king's sorcerer, Amblyn (who also lost his job), decided to take Abraham under his wing as an apprentices.
During the time to stop unemployment, Amblyn decided to create a new dimension where witchcraft, evil and torture governed.
Abraham wanted to follow his master in this new kingdom, so he was asked to show his devotion to the evil sorcerer by murdering his only true love.
In this new field, Amblyn would allow Abraham to continue hunting sport and destroy it humans who are brought to this kingdom.
After each murder, Abraham would become stronger, until his power exceeds that of Amblyn.
Due to the vision that allowed the recent escape, Abraham was able to destroy his master and take control of the kingdom himself.
While Aconne to find Abraham and show him the mistakes of his ways, the six new unhappy humans are allowed to live their worst nightmares and to be brutally murdered.
If there is one thing that I can't stand when I see a film, it is when the film is pretentious and arty just to be pretentious and arty.
Films like Eraserhead and Bechotten are two of the worst examples, and now the sun's ice can be added to this list.
This film is essentially a 80 -minute stem and slash film (according to the idea of Dante's hell that your hell corresponds to the way you have lived your life or one of Nightmare's plots on Elm Street 3to 6) intercue with almost 40 minutes of strange and (supposedly) haunting images, many of which are more used to confuse than to advance the intrigue.
If there are no bizarre images floating in front of the screen, then we get unnecessary photos from a suicidal alison looking at her breakfast for minutes both or by considering whether or not she should answerhis telephone.
Convincing, but ultimately not.
The opening of opening credits is designed as a clip for an unknown industrial group featuring various random images of the film interspersed with other random images.
The credits work all the length of the song that lasts almost five minutes and the list of actual players and other credit information only appears towards the end of the sequence.
When the opening credits started, I thought my VCR has accidentally cut and an interstitial MTV2 had found its way to my TV.
At least, the music for the film is quite decent, mainly made up of industrial and hard rock music and even presents a song by Ramona Midgett.
At the beginning of the film, it is established that the presence has supernatural powers like drawing bullets out of the palm of his hands and beheaded people by waving his hand in front of them (and he speaks like a clone of Dark Vader without heavy breathing).
For any reason, however, he delegates all his main worries to what seems to be the cast of support for support.
A moron on Alsé N manages the gravity of the presence and likes to cut peoples with his shovel, then there is a consanguineous father (Dwight Spurgin) and his two consanguineous children (Mark Kettler and Jennifer Poirrier-Wallace) who take care of a young woman whowas transformed in a human mix of half for dogs with a shotgun, and of course a big truck driving a guy who likes to attach naked people to the back of his vehicle and drag them to stone before pouringsalt everywhere on their injuries.
Why would you like to give responsibilities to a bunch of "Rednecks" when you yourself have all these nice powers?
And how is it that the guy who screws all his friends being able to bring together exactly five friends to complete the number of people necessary to enter the field exactly at the same time?
I can barely get more than two together at one time at some point.
The most ridiculous segment comes, however, just before the aforementioned trail / salting sequence.
The character in question, Dana (Angela Zimly), was killed to be killed and stands at the front of a cinema in which the presence is seated.
A priest holding two dirty dirty humans on a leash between and sits next to a large fried chicken tray.
He picks up the whole tray and begins to enjoy the chicken, taunting Dana while she looks without any interest.
When she starts to leave, the priest reprimands her to go before the start of the performance, then something that looks like a creature of a Gwar show or an animation by Terry Gilliam de Monty Python, goes out, goes out and doesAs he wants to be crucified by her.
The presence begins to applaud in a boring way (which continues for the rest of the sequence) until Dana takes off with the strange creature next.
When he finally catches up with her, she stabs him in her giant eye globe and is covered with viscous glop that springs from the broken organ.
The box for the film says "due to the horrible nature of the film, parental discretion is recommended for people under the age of 18.
contains nudity and graphic violence ".
Although the two are certainly true, there is not much to be much in any quantity either.
In addition to a close-up magnet of a stump of neckline, a semi-graphic scene of automotive surgery and two cases of head trauma (a race and a fusion), most of the gore is just pulverizing bloodor the body covered with the bloody injury.
As for nudity, it is very sparse, but at least we see Angela Zimmerly (by far and far the most attractive actor) before his body was bruised, torn and bloodied by the trail incident.
Ice from the Sun was released on VHS by www.b-film.com.
It was presented in full frame only and the transfer (for a film shot a lot in 8 mm) is quite decent.
In addition to the decent soundtrack (which is also available on www. B-movie. Com), a manufacturing video is also available on thin ice.
I did not have the opportunity to see the documentary, but I would have been interested in what the whole looked like while all the shots were shot, if only to see how the director Eric Stanze(director of a cult film similar to Savage Harvest), led the atmosphere on the set.