Phew, what a mess!
For his fifth collaboration with director Richard Don (Lethal Weapon I-III, Maverick), Mel Gibson plays a Motormouth Cabbie, perhaps mentally ill from New York, Jerry, whose theories of the wild conspiracy are almost ignored by Alice (JuliaRoberts, acting very serious), the employee of the Ministry of Justice that he has the crush.
She is not interested, but another person is: a CIA psychiatrist (Patrick Stewart) who quickly removes her.
Is one of Jerry's conjectures correct?
 * The metal band in the new $ 100 bill used to follow your movements?
Is Oliver Stone still alive because he has entered into an agreement with George Bush to disseminate * Dis * Information?
Is this film really on * any * of the theories of the folly of the taxi driver?
No, no and no.
In fact, there are other nonsense here, involving and revolving around Jerry's background.
 (Tip: pay attention to a first scene where Jerry Backs and flashes, in quick succession, images of an interrogation room, hypodermic needles and Ms. Roberts herself.)
The initial premise * is quite good and has been played, for a while, to a deliciously dizzying clip.
Mel is wider than we have ever seen and, if his character's relationship with Roberts initially relaxes credibility, their combined star power is perfectly intoxicating.
 (Perhaps the highest power of summer?)
Even when the artifices of the plot begin to interfere, the two remain a pair of Dandy Randy screen.
There is a big scene in the Jerry fortress, Er, apartment, with Alice trying to act relaxed while her hyperactive host tries to remember the combination of a container of locked coffee grains.
 (which he stores in another locked container, his refrigerator.)
Other hilarious moments, of which there are many, include a trio of memorable congresses, where Alice abandons a tail, jerry cooked from someone and, later, escapes a pitch, each of away to unexpected height.
 (It's the own Ladyhawke to give playing the theater, Btw.)
Let's see that other pleasures include ...
A brilliant title sequence, a jazzy partition by Carter Burwell, and the view that is seen the value of Roberts pumping into a villain and slamming the head of another in a wall.
Oh, pretty woman!
Going to the latter, however, requires slogging through an increasingly overloaded and ultimately unattractive story.
The last hour of conspiracy theory goes from tolerable to the tortuous to almost inaccessible.
More things happen from the stupid variety of shit than the penalty of being mentioned here, except, perhaps, for a late sequence which alice locates Jerry in an abandoned wing of a psychiatric hospital by hearing his voice carrying tothrough the air ducts.
And here I thought it was Wabbit's season.
Good god, who rewrites these films?
And do they arrive in indefinite black vehicles?