"You fucking dirty monkeys!"
It is only one of the inadvertent hilarious lines on the planet of the apes which is taken in a comic context over time.
No one at the time seemed to realize how exaggerated Charlton Heston's actor style was, but he saw himself, especially in this "Mystery Science Theater 3000" Wannabe who was taken for a masterpiecefilm in its time, really an Oscar (for makeup, no less) and be nominated for a few others.
He also generated several suites as under the planet of the apes, escape from the planet of the apes, return of the planet of the apes, under the escape of the return of the Planet of the Apes, the Planet of the Apes: the next generation, Academy, Academy, Academymonkey police ...
The list continues.
Heston is an American astronaut who spends a few thousand light years in space with his three companions and finds himself on a planet not too different from the earth.
The fact is that on this planet, humans cannot speak or think and guys from gorilla masks are the dominant species.
Heston's companions are killed or transformed into vegetables by the apon is imprisoned.
He surprises them all with his gift of speech, making believe that two primates scientists (Roddy McDowall and Kim Hunter) believe that Heston is the missing link between APE and Man.
Believe me, we have criticized, we have been thinking of the same thing for years.
When the two monkeys present the idea before a judicial lawyer (the chief monkey being the actor Shakespearian Maurice Evans), he is received as heresy, because all the good monkeys know that God "has created a monkey in his image".
But Heston has already seen a cave that contains evidence that humans were originally the dominant species, before the monkeys accept the ability to speak and present themselves to the presidency.
And he takes them there, holding a doll and screaming: "If humans could not speak, then how do you count this talking doll?!"
And how do you explain your acting capacity, Mr. Heston?
The most laughable absolute scene comes with the surprise conclusion of the film.
I will not reveal the details, except to say that it implies that Heston falls on his knees on a beach and howls "damn it all in hell!"
several times in succession.
The film is excruciating and should only be seen by members of society who like to watch bad movies and laugh.
What makes the planet of the apes even more fun is that it was supposed to function as a kind of social irony, a condemnation of the fundamentals which reject the theories of evolution.
But let me tell you that if Darwin could see monkey masks and hear rotten exchanges of dialogue (Heston [at the female monkey]: Can I kiss you before leaving?
Ape: But ...
You are so ...
ugly.), he would convert to creationism on site.
Fortunately for us, science fiction films have evolved over time when some of them are actually good.