Some movies force you to turn off your brain to watch.
Then there are films that force you to accept that everyone * in * The film has deactivated * sound * brain.
The real McCoy is both.
It is without charm, melasse-saute and so full of truly stupid people that the Atlanta film commission, where the real McCoy is fixed, could well consider a kind of ritual suicide for their complicity in this humiliation.
The real McCoy opens with the banks thief Karen McCoy (Kim Basinger) arrested in the middle of a job.
Six years later, Karen is in parole and seeks to remain straight.
She soon ran into J.T.Barker (Val Kilmer), an unhappy thief who idolizes Karen.
JT.A also links with Jack Schmidt (Terence Stamp), the man who whistled on Karen six years earlier for refusing to work with him.
Schmidt, who is in menets with the shady conditional liberation officer of Karen (Gailard Sartain), wants Karen again to help him staging a flight.
This time, he has a lever effect: Karen's kidnapped son.
Just when she thought she had come out, they continue to shoot her back *. *
The fireworks and the sloppy plot fly from the screen so quickly and furiously, you must dodge yourself to avoid being struck by them.
The character of Jack Schmidt, who, through unexplained but probably, is already extremely rich when our history begins.
There is no reason given why he should need or want to get involved in another crime, not to mention the reason why he would really participate in the break -in.
Initial meeting of Karen with J.T. During a horn of sloppy convenience store, also stretched the limits of credibility.
It would have been quite simple to bring them in a way at that time, but they collide instead the next day because they leave their parole agents exactly at the same time.
Small world, huh?
Then there is the problem of practical car during an escape attempt, and pet tigers which, by the power of the laws of bad cinema, must inevitably confront someone who made a mistake in their cage.
However, the Buffoon price goes to the Atlanta police, which stands out like the Keystone Kops during a bad day.
But the pleasure does not stop there in the mess of a script by William Davies and William Osborne.
There is also the absence of a single interesting lonely character.
Karen is serious and resolved in her maternal devotion, but lacking in any advantage that would make her a convincing criminal, and Basinger is not an overview of the hope of standing up a fragile material.
Schmidt is a flaccid villain, the parole officer is a complete white, and the son and ex-husband of Karen could just as easily be furniture.
Only kilmer's J.T. is attractive from a distance, but its only potentially intriguing quality, its ineptus, is never developed.
In fact, Kilmer disappears in the middle of the film, just when his admiration for Karen could have made an interesting sub-contain.
I might have been more indulgent if the pace had been more appropriate for a caper comedy, but the real McCoy is not going anywhere quickly.
Different scenes to sneak and make skulking seem to take an eternity, and a certain end without obvious reason why they did not end up on the floor of the cut room.
Even reasonably intelligent climatic burglary is the victim of this syndrome, including a scene from one of the thieves to form a safe that lasts (I don't make fun) four minutes.
There is no tension in the scene, just an encodium.
Russell Mulcahy (Highlander) is a director with a certain style, and indeed the real McCoy looks pretty good, but he stumbles completely in the mounting room.
There are so many big problems with the real McCoy that I am tempted to forget the little ones.
Like Karen disarming one of Schmidt's henchman and throwing his weapon in the middle of a park where his son plays.
Like a crushed fountain when a van arrives there by reappearing in one room for a few moments ATER.
attempted. But I am good enough to resist temptation.