The past of a wealthy horse breeder returns to haunt him; an old concealment and blackmail returns to haunt him in the hands of one of his accomplices.
It is roughly the essence of the film and I must say that it sometimes becomes quite boring and is very slow.
This apart from the story was well presented and probably quite close and representative of its source.
The game in particular that I found very well, the development of the character was also quite interesting, but alas the story simply did not hold back my interest so that I could enter the film.
A few things about the story did not acquire me very well with me, for example, the original scam and concealment involved the character played by Sharon Stone, but in the end, his character played a relatively small roleAnd it seems that it should have been more to better deepen history.
On the other hand, the character played by Catherine Keener, I found very interesting and I thought it had been very well developed and helped history a lot.
The character is apart from this film had interesting merits, but in the end, he lacked history and rhythm.
Regarding the game and the casting of this film, I must say that the choices of Nick Nolte and Jeff Bridges were great as well as that of Catherine Keener.
All these people admirably acted their parts, as for the role that Sharon Stone played, she played it well, but the role was not used enough.
The staging of this film is something that I have to comment because for a long time, a director actually adds a very distinctive flavor to a film, this is one of these occasions.
In my opinion, Matthew Warchus added an interesting touch and touch to the film and I think he tackled a subject of contact (I would not be able to watch horses and make a film).
There is a certain flavor about this film and I think that the direction of the film is the reason.
The only defect in which I have to comment is the rhythm, the subject in my opinion was not interesting enough in itself to have this kind of aroma and the touch of director on this subject.
I certainly hope that the director will make more films because it is promising even if I don't like that myself.
Overall, I found this film boring and very slow, the game was good but the story simply did not evolve and was not captivating enough to make Simpatico a film pleasant to watch.
Although there is a lot for the film, I did not find it well even if I see the merits and the style used and that I can complete the film on them.
I would not recommend this film to anyone, but if you are a fan of horses or racing fanatic, you will most likely appreciate this film.