It is not so bad that DreamWorks has decided to publish the love letter almost at the same time as Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom threatens, because in this way, fewer people will have to sit through this terribleSmall comedy.
And no, I really don't feel guilty of wishing the death of this film at the box office.
Really, I don't do it.
no way .
The intrigue has already been made - a mysterious untreated love letter appears in a small town, which had the confusion to all those who read it.
The center of the catastrophe that followed is the owner of the Helen bookstore (Kate Capshaw, and by the way, what is it with the main characters of the owner of the bookstore?
During the last year and a half, we saw them in life is magnificent, you have mail, this film and the next Notting hill), which finds the letter between the sofa cushions in the bookstore.
It immediately begins to test other people to see who it could be and arrives at the (incorrect) conclusion that the author of the note is a young employee played by Tom Everett Scott.
He, reading the letter itself, assumes that she wrote it for him.
After a while, they fall in love (well, Duh).
Kate feels guilty of having had a relationship with someone more than twenty years younger than her, and she also feels guilty because at the same time, she is also involved in the city's firefighter (Tom Selleck).
To add to her turmoil, her mother presents himself (Blythe Danner, who apparently had to have her daughter when she was about 9 years old) and her director of confidence bookstore (Deadpan Ellen Degeneres).
Support characters are not called to support for nothing.
Their goal is not only to move the plot, they are also supposed to give the scenario a backbone.
To do this, they must have at least a marginal depth and must also be interesting.
A film can rarely work if it puts an interesting protagonist in the middle and surrounds it with secondary characters in hackneyed cardboard, dull cardboard, especially when the heart of the film is the various interactions of the protagonist with them.
This is the overwhelming error of the love letter.
The character of Capshaw is as good as I saw him present in recent romantic comedies, but the people around him are all subscribed or purely unidimensional.
For this reason, the love letter is awkward and insincere.
Worse still - it's a bore.
I liked Capshaw and his Helen, but everyone is painfully false, undermining the little drama or the sexual tension that has the potential to exist.
There is nothing particularly hilarious in all of this either - and in addition to degenere Wisecracks, there are few things that are even a little fun.
It is not a completely thoughtless film and the director Peter Ho-Sun Chan does a good job to represent the aspirations of Helen and various subtle complexities.
But it is far from deep.
There is no common theme that crosses the procedure, so the film seems carefully useless.
Really, it is a harmless little film; it is far from being an abomination and it is not tortuous to sit down.
But bad, it's.
Horrible, that's too.
The love letter is a foolish failure and failure.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;