Well, I guess this time of year is again.
The only time of year when cinemas are exempt from the need to even try * to write a script that has more dialogue than explosions.
It is also the best time for the handful of Mr Action Hollywood existing hero to dust their tiny vocabulary, put on their black vests and load on our screens expiring in a contagious way what they hope will become memorable slogans.
In America, this time they call "summer" and this occurs once a year.
And perhaps it is the exposure to all this bad sun that does it, but in the process, normally weak insipid lines as "consider it as a divorce", "Hasta la Vista, Baby" and "you aredisease.
I am the remedy "end up being repeated more often than the sentences of my biblical proverbs book.
It's not entirely a bad thing, of course.
What am I talking about?
I'm talking about summer "blockbusters", the "action thrillers", the "what is obviously-Cost-a-Lot-ou-You-Know-everyone's explosions", gas threats,Flying saucers and special effects.
In the eruption of "Mes, what big canons you have, but wait!
Mine are bigger "films, there are also the usual films of boy and fish and events (or whales, whatever), and * this * year, the strange harvest of" Save-the-World-From-Aliens-Ou-Environnement-Threats "offerings.
I am talking about the three Batmans, speeds, terminators, etc. This year, I am talking about Twister, the day of independence, arrival, rock, mission: impossible, and of course, eraser.
Here in Singapore, as our local cinema critics like whining, we seem to obtain the choice of the harvest of "my explosion is more real than yours", but nothing else.
Mission: Impossible opened in our theaters almost as soon as it did in the United States.
The same goes for Eraser, who is regrettable for Arnold Schwarzenegger because he arrives so shortly after, Time magazine recently called "Mission: inevitable" (because of its world -mong-world mega-advertise), Eraser seems to be aImitation cheaper and less thoughtful.
It says a lot, because the film was already a cheap and thoughtless imitation of its television author from the 60s and 70s.
In Eraser, Arnie is an American federal marshal who moves witnesses of trials whose testimonies endanger their lives.
He does this by destroying all the evidence of their current existence and by resettlement with new identities.
His new case is Lee Cullen, played by Vanessa Williams who, unlike all the other scumbags he has ever moved, is "a real honest person".
Because she is so good and has such beautiful legs, Arnold spends the whole film trying to protect her and only uses the opening film sequence to save Robert Pastorelli from his * killers.
Lee obtains evidence that the high -tech weapon company for which she works secretly sells sophisticated arms and from the black market to people with foreign accents and stringy hair.
Of course, as the formula says, she revealing that this information will destroy the system as we know it because devil, there are people in the high places that will fall with that, because yes, it is the greatestConspiracy of world history (that is, America) from Watergate.
By protecting Lee, Arnold is supervised by the mentor who has become the Évil Robert Deguerin, nicely played by James Caan, and ends up having to prove that he is not the one who kills the witnesses of the program in addition to ensuring that LeeIt is not accidentally awarded to death by the new green guns that his enemies all have.
It was at this time that people in the theater with me starting to hum the mission theme: impossible, because Arnie's mission includes a seed in a high security building to manage a record.
I guess I should tell you more about the particular pistol than everyone in this film is so impartial.
It is an electro-magnetic impulse Thing of weapons that draws aluminum missiles and which can see through the walls.
It has a kind of vision of X -rays, so that its user can target the heart of the victim even great distances.
Despite this, what I think is a fairly cool feature in a firearm (although I am certainly not an expert), however, Arnold, whose heart is targeted several times, * will never fly at 10 feet backWith a two-foot missile on foot in his chest like all the others who are shot by this weapon.
Instead, he exceeds and exceeds his trackers each time, giving a strange and ironic resonance to this line of terminator which practically made it famous: "I will come back."
Like everyone in the theater, I left the film thinking that the trailers had dubbed me, because they made me want to watch this film voluntarily.
Although there is a lot of violence in this film, not to mention mutilation and bloody fights with alligators, I recommend this film to most of the more than 18 to leave Las Vegas.
Revision notation system: * Wait for the video.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.