Bats is this year's camp film.
With the worst dialogue in the world, the richest premises and the most stupid editor, it should be paradise for those who love humorous films in their inanity.
As for the rest of us, well ...
I would say jumping it, but looking at the box office figurines for it, it seems that most of America follows this advice anyway.
Follow their example and you will save yourself 90 minutes of your life and $ 8 to start.
I love The Birds of Alfred Hitchcock, almost as much as I like the news on which it is based.
It saddens me even more, then, to see that the American treasure torn so clearly by the grass / schlock horror like bats.
When mysterious battle attacks occur in a small city in Texas, the authorities call a batologist (Dina Meyer) to investigate.
It turns out that a scary scientist (Bob Gunton) has genetically improved some bats that escaped from his laboratory, making them smarter and more vicious.
Why did he do this, you ask?
Because, you see, it is apparently the work of a scientist to make things "a little better", even if it means the death of all humanity.
Thus, the batologist, his lively acolyte and the city's sheriff (Lou Diamond Phillips) must kill all bats and save the world.
Of course, this cannot happen before you wallow in a Guamo (shit of bat, for the uninitiated), get close close and personal with truly repugnant flying mammals and survive some of the most situationsStupid never seen in a cinema produced by professionals.
Consider, for example, a scene where two people are in a bat cave.
Bats all sleep, but humans are afraid of waking up before they can go out.
what are they doing ?
Do they come out of hell as quickly as they can?
No .
They stand there for a while, pierced by the thousands of bats opening their eyes.
What prevents bats from being frightening or frightening is hyperactive edition in most attack scenes.
We do not even see what is happening; the screen becomes a porridge because the cuts are so fast.
All we know is that bats attack.
The way they attack and what's exactly is a mystery.
A little technical skill does wonders for horror films, and bats could use them.
Of course, director Louis Morneau tries to animate things with intentional humor, but it's so conventional that it is not really going nowhere.
Most of the OCMIC relief is a graciousness of the Batologist's balance (Léon), which seizes all occasions to pulverize ingenious lines like "I hate bats!"
Some of them are so bad that they take a double quality: they can inspire a sly smile by their very nature and a roaring laugh because they are so incompetent.
I hate the characters that exist for the sole purpose of spurting lame.
Playing such characters does not help the careers of the actors.
However, I suppose that if you are looking for a film that is "so bad that it is good", you could do worse than bats.
He has a huge camp value.
I do not "recommend" the film because, frankly, it fears, and I know that it could convince some people to go out and see it.
no more power for them.