A film with a good mixture of action, comedy and a large dose of appearances of musical celebrities seems quite gastronomic, but even the best ingredients can be thrown together in the wrong direction, creating a dismal and unsatisfactory product.
Eighteen years after the Blues Brothers fell into theaters, Blues Brothers 2000 is unleashed, less half of its original duo (late John Belushi) and almost all its original charm.
Dan Aykroyd resumes his role (as well as his co-writing credit) as Elwood Blues, the dressed conduit man who wreaked havoc on a self-proclaimed "God mission" with his brother Jake and their Blues group BrothersNearly eighteen years there are.
At first, Elwood was released from a state penitentiary as well as the news of the death of his brother in prison years ago.
Completely alone, Elwood decides to retrace his roots to the orphanage where he spent his childhood, only to discover that all those he has ever known.
But Elwood is not completely without family.
It seems that he has a kind of half-brother-not a real brother, I think you, just the illegitimate child of his pseudo-pseudo-fère Curtis (CAB Calloway of the first film), which is also deceased.
Despite the Inklings of Mother Superior Mary Stigmata (Kathleen Freeman) to do otherwise, Elwood is looking for her only family remaining in order to start a brand new group of Blues Brothers.
Working as a police commander, Cabel Chamberlain (Joe Morton), has an immediate aversion to Elwood, who fills his mother's cabin nonchalantly years ago and continues to steal his portfolio.
Follow Elwood is the solitary orphan buster (j.
Evan Bonifant), who quickly learns to become a mini-elwood.
When the bartender Mighty Mack McTeer (John Goodman) joins the group, the Blues Brothers group is over, and once again, the group travels the country, crushing cars, exploding things and obstructing peace with more than blues rocksimpler.
Meanwhile, Cab's personal vendetta against Elwood leads him during a passionate man hunt for his neighbor a few steps.
> From this point, the film turns into a series of clips with a few pieces of action between the two.
Those who hope for an interesting and / or funny thread receive too many musical interludes while those who are strongly interested in music receive too much history.
Only fans extremely passionate about blues should try to pass through these two hours.
For these people, it can be worth it, because fortunately, there is much more music than attempts of poor action quality, but when the story interferes with the festivities, the film is bogged down with jokesUnforeseen, the musicians have become rigid actors and the actors and the unnecessary, 10 years old, trying to add a kind of kindness to the house alone.
The appearances of Musical Legends such as Aretha Franklin, James Brown, Eric Clapton and a whole series of others are the high points of the film, but they also confirm why these people are musicians and not actors.
Blues Brothers 2000 deserves a whole star simply because if you really like, really this kind of music, you could like this film a bit.
Many, many scenes are nauseating, and if you have no passion for the very deep blues / rock, you will be bored of your skull.
A large part of this film seems nothing more than Aykroyd's selfish vanity project, but no matter how much Aykroyd can have fun with this, no excitement is transmitted to the public.
And seeing three guys in costumes in three pieces dancing with poker faces can only be funny for so long.
Unfortunately, these two seconds are more than fifteen minutes in the film.