I have no real tangible proof of this, but I swear there are many producers in Hollywood who categorically believe that if you take a bad script, written by a bad writer and give the project to an equally bad director, then it is actually possible to make a good film.
Using their logic, everything that must really be done to change the bad film in good film is to launch a lot of super famous actors and to provide an almost unlimited production budget.
This is the only way I can understand how 20th Century Fox hired Jon Amiel to direct this waste of eighty million dollars of my time (not to mention the time I needed to go to the theater andtowards the theater).
Now, before continuing to attack fiercely what is wrong with this film, I just want to emphasize that one of the reasons why he fails so miserably because he has the potential to be an exciting thriller.
Catherine Zeta-Jones embodies Virginia Baker, an insurance investigator who finds a infamous art thief named Robert MacDougal (Sean Connery).
If you've already seen a Hollywood blockbuster before, I really don't need to spend too much time on the details of the frivolous plot: the two are joining forces with various jobs, stealing various things for various purposes.
The problem we arrive is that we have all seen this a few billions of times before and this film does not inform any gender in the gender on a big budget / Hollywood / Action.
The result is that all production seems artificial.
I'm going to be completely honest here: almost the only thing that keeps me awake throughout the execution was to watch Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Now, while this can be a compliment for MS.Zeta-Jones, it is certainly not for writers or the director, who are not as intelligent as they think.
About the deepest thought they can inject into this film is when they have a MacDougal conference baker on the semantic difference between "trapping" and "blackmail".
With a budget of ninety million dollars, one would think that trapping would at least include the siege action scenes or a breathtaking special F / X.
Well, you're wrong.
The action that is present in this film takes place in a huge skyscraper and is relatively not very spectacular.
Unfortunately, for all the people involved in the trapping, die hard on the screen? 11 years.
The reality is that after 15 minutes to look at this image, you know exactly what will happen, despite rather pathetic attempts in the scenario to throw twists and turns.
Many scenes seem to exist simply as a reason to equip Zeta-Jones in extremely tight clothes.
A particular scene presents Baker crawling around trying to avoid laser beams while she tries to steal an old Chinese mask.
Nothing wrong with that, but she entered the room from the floor and knew exactly where the mask was - so why she and MacDougal are not tunnel directly under the mask instead of the other side?
I will tell you why: because it is an excellent excuse to photograph the posterior of Zeta -Jones because it slides under these beams (and this also allows a second scene of the same thing - rehearsal).
Twenty Rhames also makes an appearance in this film, and although it has a great presence on the screen (although Connery and Zeta-Jones) and the most interesting character in the film, cannot even save this film from the depthsBoring film (a concept that I invented just to describe this image).
One last complaint: the trapping is strewn with cases where MacDougal will simply slide in a shadow or behind a building, or it will become obstructed by a moving vehicle, then in the next plane, it will disappear spontaneously in a ninja.
I can imagine Amiel tapping on my back, thinking "that will let the public wonder for days: how did he do that?"
We know Jon, it's called the edition.