Unfortunately, he does not become much more formulates than a hard cop.
There is the cop renegade with the loser partner who has many problems to explain.
Renegade must prove its good name and is trapped between the good, the bad guys and a woman who really has nothing to do with the story other than being there in order to provide sex to the hero in the middle of the film.
Bo Dietl (pronounced Deedle, Baldwin) is a difficult cop, a guy who is the subject of an investigation by FBI Hardass agents because of his association with the New York mafia.
In addition to this problem, he has a drunk addictive partner (Penn) who has a penchant for the collection of parking tickets (I suppose that the cops are not immune?).
Then throw in the mixture the femme fatale (Gershon).
Just there, you have a lot of ammunition for a decent cop drama.
But in the middle of the film, they throw a completely unrelated plot.
Dietl and his partner Duke are trying to resolve a case which they have been warned to stay away.
The film spends more than half an hour to follow the case of a nun that was beaten and raped to death.
Once the case is resolved, the film focuses on the mafia problem.
Whatever the neat mesh, the screenwriter wanted to create between the two stories that fail miserably.
In addition to being invited to accept Michael McGlone as a mafioso (an insult if you ask me), the performances were quite good.
Baldwin, although he sometimes slips into an impression of his brother Alec, does a good job as a hard cop.
Penn, who also slips into an impression of his brother Sean, is even better as a coping cop.
What the hard cop is lacking is originality.
This film offers nothing new.
Just you can get a cop movie.
He shouts Sidney Lumet everywhere, perhaps because he was produced by Marty and Michael Bregman, producers of Lumet's Dog Day afternoon and Serpico.
But even the masterful Sidney could not have made a hard film a good film.
Too many other lacks.
I also saw the micro boom appear at the top of the frame twice earlier in the image, something that I almost never notice.
But once I saw this, I had it in the bottom of my mind whenever I saw a means or a long blow.
Sometimes I hoped to see it.
A hard cop is not laughable, nor a terrible film, but it is simply not unique.
This is a classic example of a film that didn't need to be made.
But one thing is certain, she could really use a better title.