There may not be a living critic that shelters as much affection for shlock monster films as me.
I delighted with sneaky and intelligent entertainment of the wire tremors of Ron Underwood Big-Underground yards; I even eaten during the Big-Underwater Snakerwater Snaker-Snake Anaconda from last year.
Something about these films makes me lower my inhibitions and return to the Saturday afternoon of my youth, who passed in the company of Ghidrah, the creature of the black lagoon and the blob.
Deep Rising, a Big-Uundersa snake wire, does not quite succeed in the test.
Indeed, all the ingredients for modern monster films are in place: a collection of multi-ethnic / multinational baits ... excuse
Me, characters; an isolated location, here an abandoned cruise ship in the southern China Sea; a certain comic relief; some coarse outs improved by the CGI; and at least a large explosion.
There are too much-to-access elements too much, like a shady navigation tycoon (Anthony Heald) which also seems to have a doctorate in marine biology, or a Slinky international jewelry thief (Famke Janssen) whose white cotton tank isGolden uncorice hide.
In this case, a deep increase is remarkable mainly for the mechanical way in which it spits all these ingredients.
A terrorist crew, led by the mercenary with eyes with naked eyes Hanover (Wes Studi) and piloted by the captain of Eyes au Eye au Eye au Eye sidelines, Finnegan (Treat Williams), presents himself to plunder the cruise ship; the sea monsters;arise to eat the crew of the mercenary; some survivors reach the closing credits.
And go the lights.
It is difficult to find a lot of enthusiasm for this kind of making unhealthy films, especially when a Monster Movie should make you laugh each time it makes you scream.
Here, laughter is provided almost entirely by Kevin J.O'Connor, generally fun as the mechanic of the crew strike.
The writer / director Stephen Sommers seems most concerned to create a tone of threat of action -horror - something overexploited with gore skeletons, something where the shots and special effects are taken a little too seriously.
Deep rising is missing that a undoubted signal that we expect to have a good ridiculous time, not to hide our eyes.
IT point box, comparing a deep increase in its recent cousin Anaconda.
In Deep Rising, one of the victims of the creature is a regurgity in sight, partially digested and always alive.
He screams with horror to his bizarre appearance and pain, in a moment a little too disturbing to be laughable.
In Anaconda, we also see a regurgitated victim, partially digested and always alive.
He looks at another character ... and
wink.
Make no mistake, Deep Rising makes Anaconda beat with regard to technical competence and rhythm.
It is also dark, without inspiration and not funny enough.
I do not ask for much from my monster films, but I ask that they act like monster films.
You don't have to show me an incredibly impressive massive beast with AA tentacles.
Just show me the huge burpt of animals, and I will understand you.