Bastard Happy's quick film review
The concept of enjoying a stupid comedy is better achieved as keeping it stupid, really.
Shift Gears even once and the public can be thrown miserably uncontrollable.
Unfortunately, this is the case with Kingpin, a film directed by the Farrelly brothers, the duo that brought us, there is something about Mary and Dumb and Dumber.
Since the duo has managed and has not written the script, I can assume that it is part of the problem.
The story seems quite good: a professional bowler in the 1970s by the name of Roy Munson (Woody Harrelson) sits at the top of the world.
His popularity has crossed the roof and he takes off his career.
Then, however, he ran into Ed McCracken (Bill Murray), a rival bowling player with almost real consideration for, well, anything.
These two form an inappropriate relationship which involves risky bets and, before Roy came to come, Ed abandoned him and he is about to lose his hand in a bowling ball machine.
Advance seventeen years later, where Roy became completely the loser, with a mechanical hand, a torn car and, of course, the occasional reversal of the ugly owner to avoid paying rent for a while.
However, he found a glow of hope during a visit to a local bowling alley, where he met a Amish child named Ishmael (Randy Quaid), who has completely the arm of Bowling.
With the help of the child, he thinks that he can be known, especially during the largest bowling tournament that approaches quickly in Reno, Nevada.
Of course, the Amiden Child needs a little Amadou, especially when you consider it, well, he is Amish.
This leads to some of the best comic strip scenes in the film, such as the Roy's process to remove horseshoe or milk the cow.
Finally, the duo goes up on the road and, along the way, picks up additional help - a magnificent Hustler (played by the magnificent Vanessa Angel).
The main problem I had with Kingpin was not the fact that it was not funny.
In fact, there are rather hilarious scenes, like the above that and Roy's explanation for not having children (something involving a cheese grater?).
But it's just scenes.
There are a few truly serious scenes that discourage all the momentum of the film, like the abuse that Angel takes from his ex-little friend Hustler.
I mean, was it really necessary?
Could it not have been managed a little more eccentric?
I mean, it's a comedy, why throw ethics?
In particular in a Farrelly Brothers vehicle, where the hair gel can be easily confused?
It really ruined it, however, and it's a shame.
The game is first -rate, especially Angel and Murray, and the really funny scenes deserve to be noted.
However, if you want to think stupid, think stupid throughout, ok?
At least, the Farrelly brothers returned to the right track with Mary where I would always be a little upset.