In 2029, Captain Leo Davidson (Mark Wahlberg, "Boogie Nights") trained "his" Chimpanzee Périclès to pilot a pod from the USAF Oberon space station.
When an electromagnetic storm is encountered and Pod is lost, Davidson exposes unauthorized and wins thousands of years in the future on the "Planet of the Apes".
Perhaps if the 20th Century Fox had fixed the Chimpanzees Proverbial 100 in front of the typewriters, they would have obtained better results than this adaptation of the novel by Pierre Boulle by William Broyles Jr. ("Cast Away"), and Lawrence Konnerand Mark D.Rosenthal ("Mighty Joe Young").
The unique look and style of director Tim Burton are nowhere in this silly and useless remake.
Davidson barely landed that he does not find himself grouped by savages flowing into terror, which he joins wisely.
However, it is gathered with the lot of them by the monkeys that govern this plant and given to the limbo of slave traders (Paul Giamatti, "Duets").
ARI (Helena Bonham Carter, "Fight Club"), daughter of the illustrious Senator Sandar (David Warner, "Titanic") and of the Simian bleeding heart, believes that humans should live with monkeys in equal position, an unpopular notion.
She takes a taste for Leo, whom she considers unusual. '
General Thade (Tim Roth, "Lucky Numbers") is of an opposite opinion, wishing a martial law declaration which will allow him to destroy the race.
It is soft on Ari.
It is relatively easy to see where this "new" story goes from the start, but its ultimate revelation has gaping logical holes.
The end of "surprise" very Ballyhoo is an absurd disappointment.
An attempt at a love triangle, conveyed by Ari and the human daena (Estella Warren, "Driven") recovering from each other, stands out from Leo, fails because he never develops a relationship with any of them.
The lonely sexual scene is hilarious preliminaries between the Senator of Orang-Outan, Nado (Glenn Shadix) and his wife Nova trophy (Burton's Squee, Lisa Marie).
The blows will also salute the camée of Charlton Heston as the father of Thade, the only monkey hosting a gun (!) Which spits very familiar lines before dying.
The only real success of the 2001 "Planet of the Apes" is Rick Baker's makeup, and even it is an uncertain affair.
No attempts were made to change the human whiteness of the eyes of the actors, a real distraction in an impressive work.
Roth, Warner and Michael Clarke Duncan (like the right man of Thade Attar) receive the most impressive renovations.
Giamatti is more like a skull than a monkey and female monkeys are too humanized to receive a sexual appeal.
Tim Roth provides the most impressive acting work by carrying out the right language - his unpleasant chimpanzee character jumps, the most spectacular when assembling his courier, but even he is defeated by an obvious work.
Bonham Carter offers a good range of emotions behind a steep prosthesis, but is in turn defeated by the stupidity of writing.
Most of the film has a look linked to a set that no amount of mist can cover.
The city of the monkey looks like a wet complex of trees of trees.
The military costumes of the monkeys (Colleen Atwood, "Sleepy Hollow") as well as their tents on the ground recall the work of Eiko Ishioka on "Dracula" by Coppola.
This oriental flavor is also in the tribal and percussive score of Danny Elfman.
 "Planet of the Apes" was the latest Hope blockbuster for the summer of 2001, a dark cinema season that goes to dogs.