Birthdays often bring individuals to access their lives.
Do we do what we want to do?
What happened to our dreams?
With the new millennium, our big collective birthday, just at the corner of the street, some people feel a certain dissatisfaction with their existence.
The old standbys of traditional religion and science do not do it for many and they are looking for something else.
We will see more and more films with a metaphysical theme in the coming years.
Ricky Hayman (Jeff Goldblum) has a career crisis.
Programming director for the Good Buy Home sales network, he will be dismissed unless sales are increasing considerably.
The new producer Kate Newell (Kelly Preston) is supposed to whip things.
When the two repair an apartment, they almost exceed the New Age "G" pilgrim (Murphy).
G wanders on the TV and connects with viewers by telling them that they don't really want all these commercial bullshit.
In an unexplained way, it causes a sour snack of sales.
Ricky is saved.
The film tries to be too both and fails all this.
It is not an exaggerated comedy or a comforting message of humanity.
It is _is_ a poorly directed scenes meli-mosh was even worse by the insipid dialog box.
I am ready to support the preaching of a film, but the messages here are an old hat.
You should take the time to feel the roses.
Selling your soul for money is a bad idea.
Golly.
I'm happy to have seen the film.
I would never have thought of it.
The opportunity to make fun of GOOFY products is mainly missed.
When G takes a chainsaw on the set, there is obvious chances for Murphy to be hilarious.
It doesn't happen.
The bits are so moderate and too long that there is only a suspicion of laughing from the public.
Murphy has changed its roles in recent years and not for the best.
There are promise clues in it.
The only time the film resumes a little is when its shaved head character in the long fluid white caftan appears on the screen.
The others are horrible.
Goldblum has episodes of brilliance in his career, but here he seems to have been replaced by a lifeless cosse of his "Invasion of the Body Snatchers".
His relationship with Kate makes no sense.
They go from antagonism to love somewhere off screen.
Preston is as interest as they could be.
Somewhere hidden in the depths of this film is about ten minutes of value.
An attempt to satiate stupid television, we rather get a self-parody.