"There will be another," proclaimed the announcements of this suite, and why not?
Admittedly, Brandon Lee died, but there would be no reason for him to appear in a follow -up of The Crow of 1994, anyway.
The idea of shooting the original comic strip series by artist James O'Barr in a deductible immediately revolves around the idea that a different surprised soul would come back from the dead in each film, taking its own revenge just against theworld.
Given this basic framework, history could evolve in any number of directions.
Of course, this is not the case.
Studed, The Crow: City of Angels behind at the start of the previous film, when Eric Draven de Lee found himself withdrawn from his grave to make a Charles Bronson on the thugs who tortured him and his girlfriend to death.
I remember the first film mainly as a heartbreaking exercise in brutality.
In flashback, we see the most atrocious crimes required on Eric and her lover, then we look in real time because Eric reimburses each author in kind.
It is noisy and repetitive, true, the pleasure of a sadistic - but it is also horrible and fascinating.
City of Angels gives us more of the same thing, but less skillfully.
There is a guaranteed audience for a film like this, although bad reviews and a bad word of mouth probably guarantee that it will not really be a success.
In fact, the Miramax films subsidiary was so afraid of the critical reaction to this image that criticisms were excluded from advanced projections.
 (I never understood the reasoning behind this tactic, because the right opinions have never been the key to the success of films like The Crow.)
So much for all confidence in the value of their follow -up.
This time, Ashe (the French accentuated actor Vincent Perez) is recovered from his aqueous death (he and his young son were chained, drawn, then thrown from a pier) by the crow who serves as a link between the worlds of the worldsDesvivre and the dead.
Perez could have a certain presence on the screen if he has given something to do with himself, but here he is simply thrown in front of the camera like a pretty face.
At first, he was curly and frightened, but he quickly recovered from the shock of his own death and becomes a hard biker beyond the grave.
He became friends with Sarah (Mia Kirshner), probably an older version of the child who told the first film.
Kirshner, therefore attractive in exotica, is an extremely photographed white here.
Tattooed with the wings of the angels, Sarah is about as charming as women come, but it is useless, not even as a seducer.
The gang of punks that killed Ashe is ostensibly ordered by Judah (Richard Brooks), but a much more interesting choice as a leader would have been Iggy Pop, who plays a comrade named Curve.
Iggy, all bones, veins and drawl, is the only one that seems to have shared the aesthetics of the ruin that defines this film.
Like all good things here, he is sent too early and without much imagination.
In the meantime, we are subject to tedious overviews of the compound of Judah, where bondage is the agenda and hot wax is paid on bodies naked in S&M fantasies which would seem timid of the point even if they do notwere not distinctly used.
Even the soundtrack is tired.
More than anything I have seen from Hollywood lately, City of Angels has smelled very well - it's a film with a ugly script but a big look.
Critics quickly created the direction of MTV Tim Pope veteran, but his work is not so bad in itself.
He has a good eye and intriguing visual ideas - if anything, this film has some scenes of too many ridiculously striking images.
His major stylistic failure is that he does not seem to make an action scene, and the fast and absurd cut that follows recalls a kung film FU in a low budget.
But as a director, he must also bear the blame for the little scenario that was not, the performance Who could not, and an apparent lack of ideas on the parts of all the people involved.
Who bought David S. The anemic script of Goyer anyway?
The producers of this crow was either too dark to realize that their story was doomed to be a new recovery, or too cynical to understand that their audience would know the difference.