Tri-star; classified r (language, sexual situations, violence); 87 minutes
Director and writer: Darren Stein
Const: Rose McGowan, Rebecca Gayheart, Judy Greer, Julie Benz, Chad Christ, Ethan Erickson, Carol Kane, Pam Grier, Tatyana M.ali.
Review by: Geoff Berkshire
Jawbreaker is the very definition of a "scam".
This comedy for adolescents without inspiration takes on equal parts Carrie (1976), Heathers (1989) and Cluless (1995) and mixes in all film films for necessary adolescents?
Along the way, the writer / director Darren Stein forgets to give the film his own life.
The film opens with a voiceover by Geeky Fern Mayo (Judy Greer) on the four most popular girls of Reagan High: Courtney Shayne (Rose McGowan) who can mainly be summarized as Satan in the heels, Julie Freeman (Rebecca Gayheart) Girl in the face of a model, Marcie Fox (Julie Benz), a blonde with a dark spirit that requires people to call her "Foxy", and Liz Purr (Charlotte Roldan) a disguised angel.
Liz is everyone's favorite because she is both beautiful and kind.
Liz is about to be 17 years old and, like a farce, Courtney convinces the other girls to help him remove Liz on the morning of her birthday.
In order to prevent Liz from making noise, Courtney starts a house with her mouth before gaping her.
They then stuff Liz in the trunk of the car of Courtney, but when they open it later, the Polaroid camera waiting to capture the moment, their life will never be the same again: poor Liz has swallowed the brise-mâchoire andchoked to death with her in her throat (the public is entitled to some graphic looks too much on the corpse of Liz).
Courtney, thinking quickly, decides to pass death as rape / murder and Marcie and a reluctant Julie helps him.
Things get complicated when Fern discovers what the three girls do.
In order to keep calm, Courtney offers another plan and transforms Geek Fern into "Vylette", hoping that it will also help replace Liz in the minds of devastated students.
Until this point, the film is sufficiently effective.
However, an investigation begins in Liz's death and the film becomes excessively dull.
The recently rediscovered talents of Pam Grier are completely wasted in the role of the detective Vera Cruz and the film is downright tasteless in its treatment of characters and the public during this long average section.
Courtney's plan to supervise a shady guy (Marilyn Manson, in a brief cameo) is never credible for a second.
Meanwhile, the public is stuck to watch a series of random events that fail to develop the characters or add anything in interest to the plot.
Julie leaves the group and begins a lame romance with the budding actor Zack (Chad Christ).
He apparently gives her the courage to get Courtney, but the way things develop only make Julie stupid.
Fern popularity is also a lame.
We get the best scene in the film (the only one to have a spark of originality) during this section.
It is an intelligent and subversive song where Courtney asks the Jock Stud Dane (Ethan Erickson), resident of the school (Ethan Erickson), using a popsicle, exactly what he would like to do to him.
It gives us at least an overview of Courtney's personality, but the way the scene ends has no meaning.
Stein is very aware of the tradition of the film for adolescents in which he works and not only freely borrows the main elements of the intrigue, but also includes direct recognition of this with a cascade cast.
William Katt and P.Jles Soles (Carrie students) are the distraught parents of Liz, Jeff Conaway (from Grease (1978)) is the frightening single dad of Julie and Carol Kane (The frightened Baby-Sitter in when a Stranger Calls (1979)) The camp as director of Miss Sherman.
Sometimes Jawbreaker feels like the biggest successes of Teen Cinema, but the public is deceived with watered down interpretations of the best that this genre must o FFER.
The only notable aspect of Jawbreaker is the incredibly elegant look.
The design of Vickie Brinkford costumes and the design of the production of Jerry Fleming are both bright and lively.
They have apparently been invited to work from the color palette of a brush and the screen is always splashed with vibrant pieces.
The director of photography Amy Vicent, who magnificently objected Bayou d'Eve (1997), also does remarkable work here.
The composition of the shooting and the movement of the camera are always impressive.
Performances are mainly lower than speech with McGowan providing only a few good moments (compared to his excellent work in the Doom Generation (1995) and Scream (1996)) and Gayheart making the greatest impression because of the sweet nature ofhis character and his obviousbeauty.
None of the actors seem to have set foot in a high school in the past five years with the exception of actress / singer Tatyana Ali, who has a small role as a cheerleader.
Ly men all look like male models and are credited with names like "Auto Stud", "College Stud" and "High School Stud # 2".
The soundtrack is "yoo hoo" decent and imperial, the printable teenager makes a more important impression than any other aspect of the film.