When I think about the childhood of past memories, one of the things that always comes to mind is to watch the television program "Inspector Gadget" with my older brother.
To tell the truth, we were rabid fanatics; our version of cowboys and Indians continued around our coffee table on the theme, alternating who would become gadget and who would be stuck playing the role of Dr.Claw, the sworn enemy of the'inspector.
I have never been a big biggie on nostalgia, but you can't help but have good memories of something like that.
Sometimes I even find myself at 4 am by watching the reruns of my favorite episodes, trying to resume part of this feeling of wonder that I felt when I was a child.
At the very least, I expected that the new cinematographic version of the classic television series has at least a kind of similar effect on me.
Despite the horrible film, the simple task to revive even a slight feeling of nostalgia is quite difficult to screw up.
So, I sat down, with a minimum of expectations of what the film would deliver (let's face it; exactly how good a Disney film can be good?).
I was wise enough to avoid people like Mr.Magoo and George de la Jungle (two adaptations of previous Disney), and I wish God that I had been clear enough to also jump the gadgets.
Rarely a film left me with such an absolute feeling of emptiness.
While everyone got up to leave the projection room after the film finished their assault on humanity, I was sitting there, absolutely speechless and completely stunned by what I had just seen.
Can something so horrible really exist in such an evolved world?
From the start, I knew I was in trouble.
In the opening scenes, each character is introduced as if his only goal was to be, to simply serve as real duplicates of their cartoon clones.
By referring to them, people almost fear that the public does not approach who a certain character is supposed to be ("Oh, hi Penny!
Is the brain with you? ").
Creating one -dimensional replicas is one thing; having simple names for it is another.
The "conspiracy", let's call it, remains quite in line with the original series.
Matthew Broderick embodies John Brown (how creative is it?),
A security guard who is horribly injured by a bunch of ruthless businessmen led by Scolex (why, Rupert Everett, for the love of God why ??? !!!), who himself is transformed into a clawby an unfortunate chain of events.
Brown is then rescued and used as a prototype for a new law application of the law in which he joined various machine parts and some clever gadgets to form (Drumroll, please) ...
Inspector Gadget !
> From now on, the film becomes a meli-melo of stupid dialogue and confusing situations (although, to be fair, my confusion could have been caused by the virtual concussion that the film inflicted on my fragile spirit).
There is something about an evil gadget that invades the city (his first crime had to drag Matt Dillon's dental prostheses from something about Mary) and everything ends with (what else?)himself.
To be honest, I didn't pay much attention to these "treats".
I was just glad it's over.