There were four films that earned Jamie Lee Curtis the title of "Scream Queen" in the early 80s.
Two of them were Halloween films, but the other two - Night and Terror Train - were the imitations without inspiration that came directly after Halloween's success.
The same "God, I'm afraid, there is a guy in a mask that reaches me" that she did in the classic of John Carpenter, Jamie Lee copies here, without any emergency or suspense.
Terror Train takes place on (where else?) A train, traced by certain pre-drug students, ending their first four years of higher education.
Most of them will not go to the medical school, however, and it is obvious according to the prefiguration made when the conductor complains: "I wish the hell that they put aradio on this train. "
The character of the conductor probably has the most anyone's lines, even Jamie Lee.
From the start, he talks about his head (he tells one of his colleagues "do you think about that - when is the last time that someone has built a shopping center next to a station?"
As if it had a meaning) and it only improves because it engages in an argument on the advantages of the railway on recreational vehicles.
Of course, the conductor of Loudmouth is the first person to find a bloody body, which then disappeared when he brings back a skeptical working group to see it.
I forgot to mention the prologue.
It's a party three years earlier, with the same group of students.
Two of them play a trick on a guarantee of geek fraternity, promising him that he will be fucked.
They send Jamie Lee to stand behind the bed and talk to the geek while entering, noting a form on the bed.
She says: "Kiss me, Kenny", and he kisses the body on the bed, which happens to be a corpse.
 ("Oh my God, they killed Kenny!
You bare! ")
It's a sick thing, and a Jamie Lee was not let in.
She still hasn't forgiven guys when they get on the terrorist train ("You Asshole, you can't have a good time without hurting someone!").
The murder begins even before the train leaves the station.
Since it is the New Year, everyone has been carrying disguises (a practical plot device that we have seen before), and someone stab the guy in the Groucho mask when no one looks.
At least one of the characters says that it is a groucho mask; when the killer does it and goes on board, he looks like Gene Shalit who, by the way, would make a big killer in a Slasher film.
Speaking of Dorks with a bizarre appearance that persist on the entertainment scene, one of the most famous gadgets of Terror Train is the appearance of David Copperfield "as the magician", who returned to those aboard illusions ready todisco.
Then there is his biggest thing - get fucked with hair that looks like that.
Despite all his attempts at visual style and substance, Terror Train is more Lionel than Amtrak, more ball night than Halloween, and nothing is really worth watching.
Only unconditional fans of Jamie Lee Curtis and David Copperfield (if he really has fans) should even try to look at him.
And that makes me ask me if a horror film in a VR could be much worse.
I mean, when I go back the last time that someone built a shopping center next to a train station anyway?
The Terror Train is certainly the cinematographic equivalent of a bed-lit.