Arriving in a media threshing dam, the Blair Witch project is one of the greatest successes at the box office of the year.
However, like the Golden Child, although Blair Witch has earned a lot of money, it's not very good.
Donahue, Williams and Leonard play like three students who decided to make a documentary on the myth of Blair Witch.
The film is made up of camcorder images they have recorded, which means granular images and Woozy camera angles.
Although the events start normal, they become strange fairly quickly, while the trio is arguing more and more over the trip.
Although an interesting premise, the Blair Witch project represents nothing more than a missed opportunity.
The biggest error in the film is to leave three mediocre actors the possibility of improvising.
Most of the dialogue is ad-unit and always manages to look like a bad film B.
The "script" finally degenerates into screaming matches, the word F included a lot to appear as students.
There are ruptures in these arguments where scary events occur, but he is back in cries and swear, which becomes very tiring very quickly.
If I wanted to see three people get lost in the woods, shout a lot and swear, I would go to the Scout camp.
But no, the public is supposed to draw an entertainment factor, but I'm not sure how.
The supernatural parts of the film are in fact interesting, especially if special attention is paid to the story that develops the first twenty minutes.
Without music and no budget to work with, the film must depend on natural psychological fears, which are sometimes well delivered, sometimes not.
I never really felt really frightened during a game of the film, although there is a little feeling of underlying fear throughout the film.
However, because the actors are so irritating, the fears are lost when she finally returns to Heather by saying "What is the F * CK? '
Many, and Mike gleams like a Loony.
There is also the fact that these students filmmakers do really stupid things.
The main problem is the fact that even if these unfortunate groups could be killed at any time and are desperately lost, Heather always insists to film everything.
The film gives a half reason to the heart that it should do this, but it is not very convincing.
In addition, students do not know how to survive in the woods, like following a large river flowing in the woods towards civilization.
There are also certain parts where the “amateur” camcorder sequences are obviously staged, the apology of Heather being major.
The Blair Witch project, in the end, fails to deliver.
I suppose that if you have already been lost in camping, the film can deliver chills, but it is useless for the remaining 99% of the paying public which was not lost in the woods.
Aside from the last minutes, the film is bogged down without equality, and cries of cries become hideiously dull.
The spook's scenes are short and far, and any other horror film could probably make the same amount of fear that these scenes provide.
Although a good idea, it is not well done enough to be a fun and frightening cinema experience.
It is a disturbing fact when the website (http: // www. Blairwitch. Com
 ) is better than the film.