"Spawn" presents good, bad guys, a lot of fights, bloody violence, a machine-gun chick dressed in leather, sticky pure, self-healing ball holes, scatological humor and an eating men's monster.
It seems not only to have been tailor -made for a swarm of boys aged 12 and 13, but it seems to have been done by them.
In a classic example of narrative and not to show, "spawn" opens onto a truck of Mumbo Jumbo on the forces of darkness, the forces of light and how "men are those who create evil on earth".
So much for a message.
The film then hinders the fate of Al Simmons (Michael Jai White), an assassin / agent of the government who is murdered by the evil boss Jason Wynn (Martin Sheen, who plays all his scenes like a Oscar clip) while being on aSecret. Mission in a North Korean organic weapons factory.
Simmons goes to hell and return, after having concluded an agreement with Satan himself-if he agrees to command the devil's army to overcome the world, he will be authorized to return to earth to see his wife Wanda (underusedTheresa Randle) and Puirgl Cyan (Sydni Beaudoin).
Of course, given how five years have passed, Wanda fell for Simmons' partner (D. B.
Sweeney).
His, uh, shoulder to cry in the form of a clown (John Leguizamo), a disgusting servant of Satan.
Clown manipulates Simmons, now in the form of a superhuman laying, in a stand with Wynn.
Wynn, who thinks he is in the league with the double -dancing clown, recognizes Spawn as a threat and undergoes an operation where a bomb is placed on her heart - when she stops beating, the big cities of the world will explode, causingThe leakage of a disease which "makes the Ebola virus look like an eruption".
Phew. Do you have all that?
It would be easy to reject "spawn" like another of these heavy action photos on FX and short over-subsitance, but it does not even work at this level.
The sequences generated by computer are often and abundant, and the problem is that they seem too generated by computer.
The several scenes taking place in hell present a devil who looks like and acts as a video game graph - with the healthy budget of the film, one might think that they could have afforded to move his mouth when he speaks.
Other elements of the film are doing it; Spawn's huge red and fluid cape is a wonderful spectacle, but it is too obvious when it is played by a costumed actor or an image.
In films like "contact", the special effects serve history.
In "Spawn", they are the story.
And Spaden himself is not even an interesting character.
The dependence of the film with the brilliance of Trazle would be acceptable if we were given someone to root, but Simmons and its funky alter-ego are completely underdeveloped.
What we need is a Batman, a Luke Skywalker.
Even looking at the adventures of the Kleenex man would be more interesting than Spawn.
Leguizamo poverty.
He played in "The Pest" in February, a film which, I always think, is the worst of the year so far, although he gives him a race for his money.
As a clown, he practices in the extreme, never missing an opportunity for a poor punchline.
Leguizamo Pets Green Flog, nibbles a slice of pizza covered with maggots and even puts on a mini-skirt and performs a cheerleader routine, all before turning into a giant gray demon.
The guy was brilliant in "at Wong Foo, thank you for everything!
Julie Newmar. "
What does his talent do in this area and "The Pest" is causing?
I am one of the few people who loved "Batman & Robin", the other big budget comic book film this summer.
However, after catching this film and made the inevitable comparison, I can only hope that people will change their mind and consider "Batman" as the higher adaptation.
There is a convincing story somewhere in "spawn" - including strong religious connotations and the beginnings of the first African -American superhero - but it is simply not found near here .
As it stands, "Spawn" is simply horrible - it stinks worse than a dead trout.