This criticism contains spoilers, but believe me, I say nothing that you cannot guess 10 minutes in the film.
I was * entered it with high expectations.
I had been exposed to the media relationships that this film would mean a departure from Slasher's films.
In a way, I expected another exorcist or brilliant.
I even put aside my general rule not to see this type of film.
Boy, was I bad!
Another film by Slasher with garbage, the only difference being that * that * has a story!
History, do you ask?
Well, a shift in cheerfulness buys a Chinese puzzle of a guy in an Arab Souk.
He brings him home, somehow exceeds him the customs: -) and begins to play with her in her attic.
And here, after having demonstrated it, three demons appear and begin to dismantle it, but with meat hooks.
When they finished, his gizzards are suspended from the ceiling.
However, they were building their cleaning work and managed to leave his heart (or a gland; I don't really recognize the organ) under a floor.
The brother of the guy and his brother's wife appear at the door shortly after and decide to move.
They throw Snumbal's things and settle down.
It turns out that this woman is a bit of a nympho and screwed with Snumball just before her marriage.
She is starting to have wild hallucinations.
Later, my husband overturns blood on the granary boards (special effects at the slower blood buckets hitting the ground - all of the little cut on his hand).
The fact of blood is impatiently sucked up by the Snumbal Organ.
The organ becomes something that requires even more blood to complete regeneration in a really ugly thing.
He establishes mental contact with his wife, who agrees to help her get more blood, because she really wants to be screwed again.
So she helps him kill three businessmen.
Snumball, at that time, gradually recovered its strength and repels all its organs.
The problem is that he has no skin, and even after three or four corpses, still has no skin.
He finally obtains, however, but strangely, he ends up looking like his brother.
I guess they couldn't recover the original actor.
who knows .
Snumball (whose name is Frank) is not a nice guy.
He describes with emotion his torture by demons, such as "pleasure and ultimate pain, because at this level, there is no difference between the two".
In one way or another, I do not see separating by 90 hooks of very fun fish and meat.
This guy is * if * bad ("how bad is it *?"),
 * If * bad that * rats * curl up in a corner of fear.
For a good reason too; he crucifies two for pleasure and sculpts a third while nympho makes horses with my husband.
Anyway. The daughter of my husband (who, of course, is not * the woman's daughter *) begins to suspect that something is wrong after seeing the woman enter the attic with oneof his johns and the cries that followed.
The stupid bimbo meets a minimum and is not impressed.
She manages to escape with the Chinese puzzle and brings out the demons.
In any case, the demons are annoyed that they have messed up their cleaning; they are normally quite meticulous about this type of thing.
The story comes down to demons trying to correct their error.
Demons are not good, however.
The stupid bimbo is the right guy.
In a way, she forces them not only to take care of Frank, but also banished them to hell or to forget, but we do not know which one.
Not too shabby for someone with an IQ with a figure.
It is essentially a story of "bad jinn".
It is a horrible film *.
Affectionate, a bad concentration in photography, many scenes of skin penetrated by Meatoks, which is really unrealistic, and looks like the latex it is.
continuity?
who cares .
acting ?
 * terrible * .
scenario ?
horrible .
sounds preserved.
unrealistic.
The story is thus, but the impact is lost for a long time, long before the end of the film.
I think the * rat * acti Ng was quite good.
I have never seen any rats being afraid.
They should be nominated for a price.
Really good by acting there, the best in the film.
 "The envelope of the best fur rodent, please ..."
A note "" would be far too generous.
A note "1/10" (or -4 in the rating system from -4 to +4) is much more precise.
This film is so bad that the people of the public laughed, laughed at bad game and the dialogue shabby.
I can see this film becoming the next show of rocky horror images.
People were so fed up that they were shouting warnings to the characters on the screen.
had to have something to do.
Stupid, stupid, stupid film.
I was embarrassed that I was spending money to see it.
It goes without saying that I do not agree with the other criticisms of the board of directors who try to review the film for itself.
Lots of corn syrup in mud and red is not a "horror", in my opinion.