Last summer, a long version of the Avengers struck the rooms up to a unanimous critical panoramic.
Based on the famous television show of the 60s, the film was a huge box office flop and a huge disappointment for Warner Bros. A year later, the studio is again up to their old things, with the renewalUseless of the Robert Conrad the Wild program, Wild West.
But that seemed promising: the same tag team of the star Will Smith and the director Barry Sonnenfeld, who both helped make men in black a financial success, is again to the reins.
And the Co-Star Kevin Kline is attached to the project, as well as a substantial budget to spice up special effects.
I mean, what could go wrong?
The answer is almost everything.
The Wild Wild West is a cinematographic abomination - a film that was so useless to start that it never had a suitable chance of getting out of the door.
There are many sophisticated special effects, and a handful of distinguished actors who are desperately trying to kill through the stupid intrigue and make a lasting impression.
But the script is so untied, the whole whole film so of course, that no human being or technical realization has a chance to save it.
At the box where the casera, we have a bizarre case of casting.
Will Smith plays James West, a cowboy from Renegat who was originally played by the white actor Robert Conrad in the television series.
I assume that the casting of African-American Smith is simple: the actor + a comfortable summer release = Big Bucks for all the people involved.
Smith is a very talented artist who generally provides rapid insurance to any comic rescue equipment, but it is not an ideal role for him.
He's too joker.
I heard that the initial cast included George Clooney in the main role, and frankly, it seems much more plausible.
What aggravates things is that Smith goes through the role with such assurance in his eyes; you can practically feel his contentment because he knows that the Far Wild West will be a huge success at the box office ofsummer.
The intrigue implies the West and the Agent of the Crusader Government Artemus Gordon (Kevin Kline), who is assigned by the president to recover a group of kidnapped scientists.
The trail leads to Dr Diabolique. Arliss Loveless (Kenneth Branagh), a man without inferior who speaks in a southern dry and full -minded accent.
LOVELESS has taken the best technical minds in the country so that they can help in its disturbed government control of the government, using deadly super-armes to destroy entire cities.
Such a weapon is a 80 -foot mechanical tarantula, wearing eight hacks of metal debating and spitting huge balls of fire on the left and right.
The visual effects that give life to this metal bug are spectacular, perfectly mixing images generated by computer with the Western environment.
Unfortunately, all these effects seem so detached from history and cannot do much to support the deficiencies of the film's intrigue, which are undoubtedly the main problem.
The Wild Wild West is a gag that never really works.
Most jokes generally care about Smith, die when they arrive.
If this is something that could be saving grace, it is the performance, and even they are mainly offset and poorly delivered.
Kline is admirable, but he doesn't have much to do but invent silly devices on site.
Salma Hayek is wasted like romantic interest, because it is considered a little more than that - a dressing to be pretty and create a conflict between West and Gordon.
Branagh, an estimated Shakespearean actor and director, adds a marginal pleasure to the film.
But even he is so bizarre and exaggerated.
Rarely is a film so lost in itself like the Wild West West West.
I guess there is always a turkey from the summer season; a long -awaited and big budget outing that manages to disappoint completely.
Wild Wild West is such a film, and Will probably have broken down as one of the largest disappointments in 1999.
But it is very unlikely that it will be done in the defeat at the box office.
Maybe after that, the public will be less assured when they see the name Will Smith stamped on a summer film.
After successes such as independence day and Mib, the Far Wild West is not an impressive addition to the curriculum vitae.