Towards the Action Film of the 80s Barrel is Action Jackson, the only film in Hollywood history to show Sharon Stone and Vanity Naked Tits in the space of ten minutes.
This Carl "Apollo Creed" vehicle has the traditional COP vs.crook of the diabolical establishment, and is based on all the trappings of the 80s, the Token Token, who needs a solution to the shouting superior officer.
Somewhere between the two, the explosions and the breasts, although there is a curious lack of breast explosion.
Weathers is Action Jackson, a strait cop known for all kinds of crazy vigilance techniques.
Speaking of a past criminal apprehension, Jackson's superior shouts: "You have torn his arm!"
Jackson replies: "He had a spare part."
Jackson was torn from office work due to problems with the automaker Dellaplane (Craig t. Nelson) and must now act as a liaison with a dinner in honor of Nelson.
After hearing what Jackson thinks of him, Stone says: "I guess you are not one of Dellaplane's friends."
 "Not unless they change the definition," shines Jackson.
And of course, it turns out that Stone is Mme.Dellaplane.
Fail, Jackson ...
Everything is not happy at Motown; people are killed and dellaplane has bad plans for AWA.
It all depends on Jackson to stop him, and his only advance lies in vanity (not his).
Wherever she stopped with Prince in terms of exchange of sexual favors for career advancement, she takes up Jackson in action.
She plays the heroine and the singer in the Dellaplane nightclub.
After singing a particularly sensual number for him, she unleashes and complains: "I expected a standing ovation".
He replies: "You have one", and it's damn intelligent because he was sitting at the time.
Prince did not even let out such a lame insinuation and he is the king of the Horndogs ...
Or at least the prince.
It is a testimony of the 80s that Sharon Stone was killed in the first 30 minutes, but Vanity survives the whole film.
Action Jackson is another variation in the action film Buddy "improbable partners", with Jackson who triped Junkie vanity.
This leads to some of the worst twinned actors of the decade of Me, and to the dialogue that they are given, there is not much room for improvement.
My favorite is when vanity, feeling the effects of withdrawal from the drug, said: "I have the impression that my teeth are hollow, my gums are made of dry rubber and that someone tries to start a joy fireThe back of my bloody head. "
Jackson's response is: "I think I felt this way.
They called it love. "
You will understand when I tell you, look at this at your own risk.
Serve the world for almost 1 / 25th of a century!