The quest for the humanities of knowledge never ends.
Thus, a team of scientists and filmmakers will go to the Amazon to search for a legendary Indian tribe.
The party is made up of anthropologist Steven Cale (Eric Stoltz) and the cameras team made up of Terre Flores (Jennifer Lopez), Danny Rich (Ice Cube), Gary Dixon (Owen Wilson), Denise Kahlberg (Kari Wuhrer) and Warren Westridge (Jonathan Hyde).
At the start of their trip, they meet Paul Srone (Jon Voight) whose boat is stuck on the shore.
They agree to take a tour of the next village.
He claims to know the region well and can be useful to locate the indigenous tribe.
Very soon, their conviviality turns against the group because Srone proves to be an unscrupulous snake hunter who only wants to take a giant anaconda and sell it to a zoo.
We don't have to wait too long for the giant snake.
She just had an outskirts of Panther and is now looking for the main dish.
Our heroes paddle in the Amazonas as if it were the swimming pool in their own backyard.
No wonder the giant animals confuse their splashes with a dinner bell.
Our anaconda is polite and swallows the first victim in a big sip.
appreciate !
So much for the first attempt to catch it.
But who would like to catch a giant snake with a fishing rod?
Our wicked Sarone shows its gentle side when it prevents terrifying from shooting the snake.
Too bad that Anaconda is about to strangle another member of the expedition.
One to one, she attacks others.
Eric Stoltz is stung by a giant wasp in the middle of the start and is fortunately unconscious for the rest of the adventure.
The rest of the crew continues to entertain the spectator, but not the way the film's manufacturers had planned.
However, the scenes without anaconda are rather boring.
Whenever the main woman presents himself, we laugh.
The snake reminds us of a favorite character from a famous animated film even if it should be an impressive monster.
Her attacks always follow the same plan: a last hypnotic look - she looks at you, a kid - then she wraps up around her victim quickly and begins to spring him.
Above all, we do not see the act of devouring.
But she looks nice when she wiggles with her curved central part.
Whoever made the special effects on this film may have wanted to go to a zoo first and study real snakes.
Maybe the Anaconda model would have been more real.
Animatronics are a little more credible.
But that did not work for the strangulation scenes.
Do not see the film for the F / X.
They are anything but up to date.
The spectator who likes to look at the fine credits will see his surprise that a serpent expert was a consultant for the team.
We can doubt, however, that he has ever seen the end result of his work.
A well -known American Science magazine is also mentioned in credits, but I will abstain to name it here to avoid other damage to its reputation.
The majority of the spectator has left the theater as soon as the credits are starting to roll, anyway.
What type of audience is the target group of this film?
hard to say.
It cannot be a serious horror film, or can it?
See for yourself.