"The Beach" is a structurally confusing film that I can only describe suffering from multiple personality disorders.
Every forty minutes of this two -hour film start with a new theme, practically throwing what was created in the previous act.
It starts deliberately as a film on an innocent man in search of new thrills in a dangerous environment.
But then in the second act, the mood of the film changes suddenly and it becomes a story on a love triangle on a paradise of the idyllic island which evokes visions of "Blue Lagoon".
Forty minutes later, the mood changes once again, and it becomes a stupid version of the "Lord of Mouches" where an isolated community is discovered, where its moral code boasts at all costs a feeling of happiness.
As it’s over, you can only scratch your head and ask yourself what this film was really supposed to be.
The main character of "The beach" is Richard, anxious (Leonardo DiCaprio).
He goes to the world of the Nether of Bangkok where the merchants of the alley push their goods on unsturior tourists and the slightly dressed women require cheeky if you are looking for a good time.
Richard's voiceover tells the public that he came there because he is bored of his life and thinks that a way of invigorating is to drop the familiar and enter a world of'unknown.
This shabby environment is exactly what Richard is looking for.
He checks in a Fleabag hotel where he meets the Daffy Folle (Robert Carlisle).
He seems to be a delusional madman, obviously high of heavy drug use and a look as if he is afflicted with a kind of psychosis.
Although his shredded behavior would affirm most of us, Richard listens to him while he talks about a mysterious island which contains the most perfect beach that anyone who has ever seen.
In addition, the island itself flourishes with enough hemp plants which can make a small town raised for life.
Captivated by the idea, he asks two other customers of the hotel to join him on his trip.
These are Etienne du Monde and the attractive Françoise, who also came to Thailand for reasons similar to those of Richard.
Once they have finally arrived at this paradise, however, the mood of history moves to Richard's growing desire for Françoise.
This particular plot of conspiracy is at best because there is absolutely no questions in my mind that Françoise will end with Richard.
Etienne is roughly as exciting as the soft white sand.
It is strange that Etienne never sees that to come, but paradise has a way of hiding potential threats just out of sight.
And once the three come across the hidden community (imminent mood change), more events are transpired which describe its hidden dangers.
For example, there are fields of marijuana nearby by patrol by armed guards.
And the lagoon in which they swim invites the occasional shark.
There are several ideas that are introduced in "The Beach" and each could deserve their own feature film.
There is the man vs.angle of nature, angle of the love triangle and angle of utopia-Élay.
But the film winds so much that all its objective becomes vague.
Consequently, DiCaprio has an almost impossible moment to try to embody the different states of mind that he and the film pass.
Therefore, the public is just as difficult to try to follow.