Well, here is an unpleasant and completely amateur element which, surprisingly, was actually a blow to the box office at the time of his release.
After simply seeing the film for the first time, my main question is how someone with an IQ north of 35 appreciated this film?
It's cheap, silly, funny and not as hot as I had heard it.
At least a little the coal would have dismissed things a little.
 "Porky's", tells the story (if you can call it so) of four Lycée Sans Plade, Pee Wee (Dan Monahan), Billy (Mark Herrier), Tommy (Wyatt Knight) and Mickey (Roger Wilson),Who desperately takes to be fucked.
Women, for the most part, are a mystery for them (and in this film, they are also for the public, because all are written and aged as if they were foreigners from another planet).
Their plan is however diverted when they venture into a Strip Smarmy bar called Porky's, which they are able to devote to the use of false identifications.
After paying the manager a hundred dollars for three whores, they are played a trick and find themselves throwing in the marsh under the building.
For these four adolescents, it means war against Porky.
 "Porky's", finally fails to fail at almost all possible levels.
As a teenage sex, it is not wild enough or fun.
As a comedy, all the jokes are predictable and fall flat.
Back on the 1950s, it is something, I guess most people of that time would like to buried deeply in a grave.
And as a revenge film, it is an overwhelming bore.
One of the most offensive things about "Porky's" is the way the film is inaccurate to the film on adolescents.
The four main characters are not even tempted to be developed as characters, and we learn very little about them, except that they are excited and would probably feel more comfortable in a nursery school.
It is certainly revealing of the information.
The female characters are still worse under the inudant scenario and management of Bob Clark.
Women are all treated like comedy objects or accessories, rather than real people.
For example, the two gymnasium teachers, Mrs.Balbricker (Nancy Parsons) and Honeywell (Kim Cattrall), have only one goal, and that must make fun.
Ms. Balbricker is a blurred woman, without restraint and who will not defend any madness, and, in a particularly embarrassing scene for all those involved, Honeywell has sex with a coach and barks like a dog.
There is no way to say if Parsons or Cattrall are helpful actresses (even if I have the suspicions that they are not), but one thing is certain: they are asked to do things in this film whichare not at all funny, only humiliating.
To prove how much comedy is out of touch, compare it to other more serious films from the 80s on adolescents, and it seems even worse in comization.
One of the images of John Hughes, such as "sixteen candles" from 1984, or, "The Breakfast club" of 1985, "Porky's", to an even greater shame.
These films have in fact dealt with questions from serious adolescents, but remained much funnier, thanks to their brilliant and truthful writing.
And devil, yes, "Porky's", "wanted to be a teenage sex film, I would take" Fast Times at Ridgemont High in 1982, or "The Last American Virgin" of 1982, during this day of the week.
The director Bob Clark is not a bad director.
Two years after having done, "Porky's", he made the nostalgic festival classic, "A Christmas Story".
I would forgive him for this failure, in fact, if it was not the fact that he also wrote the script.
The thought that someone would really sit down to write such a trash can, and think it was actually a film that was worth published in the world without distrust, is actually much funnier than anythingIn "Porky's".