It seemed to be the perfect concept.
What could be better for the Farrelly brothers, famous for writing and making comedies with an offensive subject, than making a film on a guy with a divided personality?
This is exactly the kind of thing that the brothers savor: to make fun of something serious (in this case, mental illness), throwing all wind care to laugh.
Jim Carrey also signed?
even better .
The national alliance for mental patients even helped by taking complaints against the new brothers' film before its opening, claiming that it denounced the condition of divided personality, incorrectly labeling it as a "schizophrenia", and thusfollowing.
Such a manifestation seemed to be the kind of thing that would, of course, only add more fuel to the fire of the Farrelly brothers, proving that some people just couldn't take a joke, and that the Farrelys would help the mostlit to another dose of their brilliantly subversive comedy.
Yes, everything seemed perfect, but one thing went wrong: their film is not funny.
It is not for lack of trying.
The Farrelys use in "Me, myself and Irene" their premise the highest of all time: Carrey plays Charlie Baileygaite, a man who after being thrown by his wife for a Limousine Midget driver, decides to bury allHis aggressive feelings at the bottom of the interior and never release them.
Of course, this means that all of its neighbors exploit its entirely visible nature, which makes his work as a soldier from the state of the Rhode Island increasingly difficult.
Soon, Charlie's repressed assault manifests himself in a second independent personality called Hank, a coarse ogre in a deep voice without fear of taking the actions asserted that his predecessor could not bring together.
This guy is not above crazy a car through the wall of the hair salon in which he was insulted, or holding the head of a little girl under water because she refused to'Stop jumping in the street.
Then things are starting to get lost in the most complicated plot that the Farrelys have ever attempted, and the film takes place.
Some have suggested that this is not a problem, because the humor brand of Farrelly Brothers does not require that the plot works.
They are wrong, of course: the plot has greatly contributed to constituting the kind of comic energy which infused the last effort of Farrelys, "there is something about Mary" of 1996.
 ("Outside Providence" of 1999 was technically a previous project.)
The previous film of the brothers was not funny simply because it contained scandalous gags (despite what certain articles of the magazine would make him believe), but rather because his most scandalous gags were entirely unexpected.
In "Mary", the Farrelys have repeatedly managed to make a careful sleight of hand: they would make you think that history was going in a direction, then revealing its true direction in a deliciously surprising way.
 "Me, myself and Irene," on the other hand, seems to have been done by people who looked at "Mary" and have only seen surface coarseness, missing all the subtle machinations that really made it work.
Having been produced by the same guys who made "Mary", "Irene" seems to be an even greater disappointment.
The brothers pile up on offensive humor, taking gunshots, dwarfs, albinos, mental illness and all kinds of bathroom jokes.
But they did not find a way to make it all fresh; most of "myself, myself and Irene" presents itself as a teenage comedy by the numbers.
The plot, with Carrey forced to lead the alleged fugitive Irene P. Waters (Renee Zellweger), who has more problems than anyone knows, in New York, has an end which is fully predictable from the start.
 (Do you think Charlie and Irene will fall in love?
Yeah me too .)
The Farrelys then introduce dozens of different characters, and none of them has ever managed to do everything you did not expect already, whatever, whatever To what extent their actions could be scandalous.
Compared to the curve balls that the farrelys are used to throwing, these kinds of things are almost entirely soft-sot, presenting an obvious problem: when coarse humor loses its shock value, it is not funny, simply raw.
The jokes that work are treated over and over until their efficiency dries up.
Take, for example, the sub -intrigue involving the three black sons of Charlie (Anthony Anderson, Mongo Brownlee, Jerod Mixon).
The incongruity of all this is funny for a while, with three strong black men discussing higher mathematics in the language of the ghetto and the Carré de Carrey bread said the tongue with a too pleasant smile on his face.
But at the end of the film, they always make the same Schitck; it was not raised at another funnier level, and it was not abandoned either.
It's a shame, because he stops being fun halfway.
 "Me, myself and Irene", I am in the process of sinking with wasted opportunities.
There should be more emphasis on how others react to Charlie's new personality and the way Charlie manages the consequences of Hank's actions.
This does not really happen; almost all support characters learn Charlie's condition from the start, so they have no possibility of being surprised.
The film throws what looks like a Farrelly curve patented in a scene towards the intermediate point (implying an albino companion that Charlie and Irene Pick up called in an appropriate, "Whitey") way, but the script is not going anywhere, leavingRather the thread twisted in the wind before clumsily attaching it during the highest point.
Jim Carrey is a gifted actor, both physically and vocally, but he has nothing to do here, except deforming in a similar way to Steve Martin in "All of Me".
It is a great showcase of flexibility and shift in the roles of the second, but nothing is terribly funny.
Carrey does not draw a waterfalls that we do not expect Paschemin.
Maybe Carrey can get comfort in the fact that his supporting players do not do better.
Irene de Zellweger is not a strong female track; Mary in "Mary" may have been part of teenage fantasy, but she was also intelligent and voluntary.
Irene is nothing in particular, because the film never shows if it is said, intelligent or not.
As such, she gives us nothing to hang on as the only "sensible" person in the film.
Chris Cooper is stuck by playing exactly a note as a corrupt agent of the FBI, and his character is entirely too straight for a film like this.
He, like the others, is absolutely nothing unexpected.
After seeing the unparalleled mess in which "myself, myself and Irene" was finally dissolved, I was stuck to ask myself if the farrelys had thwarted.
Maybe their kind of comedy can only work so long until the public becomes wise and stops being shocked.
But I do not believe it - good filmmakers find ways to surprise their audience even after people have adapted to their style.
If the Farrelys are indeed good, intelligent filmmakers (and I always think they are), they will bounce back very well.
Even after that, I will always consider "myself and Irene" as a high caliber failure.