This film is worth seeing for those who want to see what Mick Jagger looks like when he sports a beard Abe Lincoln.
Rock and Roller is invited to wear the film as the anti-hero action of the Australian legend ... Ned
Kelly, the so-called Robin Hood of Australians.
But he cannot be convincing, in my opinion, he is better suited for playing Gene Kelly than Ned Kelly.
The film opens onto a B / W prologue from Ned Kelly Bravely to its execution.
Then he goes to Technicolor and Ned is seen in what goes for the flashback, returning from prison after a 3 -year sentence to see his mother and get back with the big Kelly family.
This scene takes place in 1871.
In the background, we hear the booming voice of Waylon Jennings, while singing the words of Shel Silverstein, which tells - of Ned's hatred for the British rule and the hope that Ireland be a Republic.
Ned says that a debt must be paid ...
As he hears the voices of his deceased father, his country divided into class and his conscience, all telling him to take revenge.
Thus begins the game of Ned through the outback of Australia, seeking justice with all the wrongs that his people suffered.
He begins by stealing horses, after complaining about the unfair tax law on horses that get lost, which promotes the rich landowners.
When he is only 20 years old, he formed a gang, making him hide the rest of his life from the police, who put a price on his head of two thousand pounds.
When Ned's mother (Clarissa Kaye) is imprisoned for a false accusation of encouraging criminals and sentenced to 3 to 5 years old, Ned proposes to go in exchange for her mother's freedom.
When the authorities refuse, the Kelly brothers are unleashed, burning mortgages from the poor found in the postal chests and murdering soldiers.
Unleashing themselves through the outback, they bring together sympathy among the poor and lower classes, which do not trust the traps (police).
Spoil to follow in the following paragraph.
In the peak, Kelly and her gang plan to ambush with the British police, but someone Kelly has trusted the police on the train and Kelly is trapped in a living room and captured.
Ned brothers committed suicide rather than being taken alive.
But Kelly's gang escapes, because Ned heroically only the police leaves and his brothers, when they become lures.
It was a flat presentation, barely touching an emotional button on what all the noise was on Ned Kelly's call to justice.
Jagger had no prayer to succeed in this dry script offered by Ian Jones and Tony Richardson.
The story has failed to focus on Australia, apparently a more British than Australian film.
Under the dull direction of Richardson, all that Jagger seemed to do, proclaimed his innocence and his wish, which quickly became a strident cry.
If you want to see a better film on Ned Kelly, catch "Mad Dog Morgan" (76), a much more true and daring version, with Dennis Hopper giving a much better characterization of Ned Kelly's madness, something that this filmcould only do in a ho-hum way.