Cradle Will Rock is the last effort of the director / actor Tim Robbins.
Although he may have had a film worthy of Oscar in 1995 (Dead Man Walking), he became a little too confident and sloppy here.
The story is confusing and filled with many sub -intrigues, so I will do my best and explain it as simply as possible.
The film is based on a story "mainly" true on a federal theater in the 1930s, which produced a play (the cradle will switch) which was apparently offensive for some, so the government farm.
It is at the time of depression, and all this theater wants to do is to entertain and cheer the morale of those who have no job or who are poor.
Between this conflict is what resembles 10 sub -intrigues, those who work in the theater, or those associated.
Along the way, there are other crushed messages to create an even more overwhelming experience.
Tim Robbin only stacks him on political opinions and characters, which we simply abandon the film, or in some cases release.
For Robbin, it may be a great success, but for me, it looked more like a friendly meeting with a slightly more sophisticated dialogue and fanciful outfits.
I thought that the main reason to see the film would be the exceptional distribution, unfortunately, are all uninteresting, with the exception of a few.
Let me summarize what every important character does, so please endure with me (the least you can do, especially if you plan to see it).
I will start with those involved in the room.
There is Orson Welles (Angus Macfadyen) who is of course the director of the play, the producer John Houseman (Cary Elwes), Marc Blitzstein (Hank Azaria) the play writer, Emily Watson, a woman who obtains his breakBy playing the player in the play the main part of the cradle will switch.
Outside the play, there is the: ventriloquist (Bill Murray) who wants a relationship with a federal theater clerk (Joan Cusack), another sub-contorting a painter Diego Rivera (Ruben Blades) who is unhappy that hisPainting is too destroyed by Nelson Rockefeller because it feels an outrage (John Cusack).
There are a few other actresses and actors who have their own stories (Susan Sarandon, Philip Baker Hall also named a few) but those I mentioned were the most important in history.
Anyway, most of these talented Hollywood stars have been completely wasted, with the exception of Emily Watson, who does another excellent job, and one of my favorite actors John Cusack, who always delivers bythick and thin.
Now, although most of the film was low at least, there have been beautiful moments and subjects involving, but all of this is exaggerated.
Of course, the freedom of expression segment was a good functionality, but not when it becomes repetitive.
The whole film is like that, and it is practically a headache.
On the brightest side, Tim Robbin's direction was masterful.
His management of the camera seemed to recall the works of the last Magnolia of Paul Thomas Anderson, only more fluid in my opinion, but even it cannot make a film much better.
Although he has his moments (not many of them, but they are there), Cradle Will Rock remains faithful to his title, because the cradle was sworn too far and overturns.