Brian de Palma's snake eyes features the evil twin of Nicolas Cage, who uses with confusion the same stage name as his talented brother.
Like a foreign tourist who shouts his lines in English to ensure that he will be understood, Cage shouts with the ferocity of a man with a bad case of caffeine overload.
From Palma, whose last big film, Les Intouchables, was made more than a decade ago seems to have lost his magic.
In Snake Eyes, he manages to arouse some of the worst possible performance from a qualified casting.
Only Gary Sinise rises slightly above the hackneyed material.
The rest of the actors becomes caricatures in this thriller by the Combers.
Ryuichi Sakamoto atmospheric and melodramatic music dominates almost all scene.
Heavy on the long notes of violin, its rhythm is punctuated by thunder.
 (The Lost World's de Palma and David Koepp script Koepp defines the action during a hurricane in order to inflate the level of adrenaline and noise.
Only the latter is reached.)
Cage plays Rick Santoro, a corrupt Atlantic cop that shakes criminals to get money.
The film takes place during a single evening when a world championship fight takes place.
With a flashy and bad wardrobe and a gold mobile phone, Rick is an odious cop who does not know when to be silent.
Playing a cliché and ridiculous dialogue, he shouts lines like: "I was made for the sewer, baby!"
In fact, the line is more about the film as a whole.
Sinise embodies Kevin Dunne, a naval officer who is in charge of the security of the secretary of the navy, who came to look at the fight.
But most people in the film are not who they seem to be, and the thin script makes them easy to guess.
The intrigue, which is told in endless flashbacks, concerns the assassination of the secretary through a program set up by malicious businessmen? This adjective is, of course, redundant in Hollywood thrillers.
Flashbacks become repetitive with the same scene shown again and again, sometimes in a different perspective and sometimes not.
Although a Brian de Palma film needs a certain free violence, it is remarkably tamed for the man who became famous when he made Carrie.
The film's plan has a certain promise, but the film itself is directed.
The film is taken too seriously.
At best, it is a style B film from the 1940s.
A little humor would have helped the scenario, but a complete rewriting would have been better.
And, although I hate saying it, another director would have been the greatest improvement.
Snake Eyes works 1: 39.
It is classified for violence and would be acceptable to adolescents.