Call "Hush" "stop or my mother will kill."
or "Mom fears".
Or "the hand that deprives the cradle".
Call him as you want, but certainly do not see him unless you desperately need a bad laugh induced by the cinema - "Hush" marks so many involuntary laughs that it is almost considered a guilty pleasure.
Corporates his losses to frequent touches of stupidity and an apparent post-production DIY (he was supposed to open about a year ago), the latter seems to have given "Sile" a shipment which is downright exasperating.
It's a shame that "Sile" is so laughable, because talent on the screen - including the twinning of Gwyneth Paltrow and Jessica Lange - is nothing to laugh.
Paltrow and Johnathon Schaech play Helen and Jackson, a photogenic couple from New York on the way to spend a Christmas holiday in their rich family of family horses / family goods.
Jackson's mother, Martha (Lange), directs Kingronan alone, and her distinctive southern hospitality makes Helen immediately feels welcome - even if his first meeting with Martha takes place while Helen is in the whole, caught upLinguisses after a room with her with her with Ellemari to be.
But it seems that Martha's friendly smile masks a much more threatening behavior; this is what you would call someone who loves too much.
Martha impatiently, fall out a little child, then Helen will be consumable, with what is.
If there is a reason to catch "silence", it's Lange.
She treats the pedestrian scenario better than he deserves to be treated, injecting Martha (badly written that she can be) with a little empathy to level the field of psycho-playing.
When she immerses herself in the dark side of Martha, the predictable shots - smoking the chain, looking in mirrors, praying in a confessional to a priest who is not there, pushing a hole in the Helen diaphragm so she will becomePregnant (and she does it)- abounds, but it is a moderately entertaining junk because Lange is an actress so interesting to watch.
The veteran interpreter Nina Foch is intelligent and tangy as a paternal grandmother in a jackson wheelchair.
The rest of the distribution looks sick and uncomfortable, especially Paltrow.
But can you really blame them?
The relationships of character in "Hush" hold a certain promise, at least until their psychological impact is jumped from water by pure stupidity.
Small situations (Martha cries out on a nearby horse so that he blocks and overthrow Helen) complies the silly dialogue ("Why did you shout?"
Helen shouts in Martha), and the film takes the form of one of the films more immersed in virgin films.
You can see through a large part of Martha's actions and lies of their conception; why people who have known this woman for years more than we have ever understood things?
No one communicates or does not read the newspaper in this city?
If one of his potential victims thought, acted or behaved like normal people, "Hush" would be a really short film.
And then there is the highest point and the end, which suddenly come when Helen begins to have contractions after having eaten from the book cake enriched with a medication inducing the work normally used on horses.
After a truly bizarre chase scene, Martha knitted calmly in a rocking chair while forcing Helen to give birth in a bed alone.
I will not spoil what will happen next, except to say that it is contradictory, illogical and (probably, since I am not a doctor) medically impossible.
The final scene offers no closure, no resolution, no confrontation.
It's right there, who was swaying in the middle of a silent dissatisfaction.
No one should love this end, whatever their feelings about the previous equipment.
Perhaps the title of "Hush" is a plea to silence the probable mouth of its audience while leaving the theater.