Porter Stoddard (Warren Beatty) is a successful architect married to the successful fabric designer Ellie (Diane Keaton) for twenty-five years.
They and the best friends Mona (Goldie Hawn) and Griffin (Garry Shandling) are about to cope with marital crises in a most famous film for its tortuous path to the screen, "Town and Country".
 "Town and country" has a pedigree adapting to its title with a cast of all star photographed by the director of photography of the Oscars William Fraker and by putting the words of the scriptwriter Buck Henry ("The Graduate") under the direction of Peter Chelsom("Funny Bones").
After years of reporting budget and reshuffle reports and accumulating twelve different dates, the media have been prepared for Beatty's next "ISHTAR".
So, is it so bad?
The answer is no .
But it's not very good either.
The major problem with "City and Country" is that it is not structured and random.
Stoddard is immediately established as a Philander, having just lying a laminated cellist (Nastassja Kinski).
The following scene finds him and Ellie, celebrating their birthday in Paris with Mona and Griffin.
Then Mona Espionne Griffin jostled a redhead in a motel and begins the divorce procedures (Buck Henry Camées as a divorce lawyer for the two couples).
Ellie thinks she was overwhelming, but sends wearing to support Mona during a trip to consult the Mississippi Manse of her family.
The two children of childhood find themselves together in bed, making us wonder why they would never become a couple to start.
Back home, their second coupling is interrupted by Ellie rushing to tell Mona that she thinks that wearing it cheated on it.
Bring back on a trip with Griffin to Sun Valley, Idaho, to have more comic misadventures with wacky women while Griffin tries to tell him that he is gay.
The four friends, as well as each woman, wear with it, all end up in New York a little happy forever.
Although the film begins promising, resembling a Woody Allen version of the Guêpes de New York, too many strands derive anywhere.
Stoddard's house is huge, containing two adult children (Josh Hartnett, "The Virgin Suicides" and Tricia Vessey, "Kiss the Girls"), their colored colorful beds and a maid who has just imported her boyfriend torsonaked from the tropical forest at home.
After a funny first scene which heard by listening to three episodes of love when he was looking for a night snack, the six support players are abandoned, with the exception of an appearance excluding the son of the sonformerly forgotten.
The romantic misadventures to wear with women (other than Mona) are also poorly managed.
Once the marital discord begins, the film seems to be editing with a machete, stopping and starting, never finds its rhythm.
While Beatty descends some tangy observations, his character is mainly passive and perplexed.
Maybe we are supposed to feel sympathy for adultery who does not learn her own gender mess?
Ellie de Keaton has a confident nature which is the result of his own self -involvement, which results from an unnasable character.
Hawn intelligently recycles his mature sex kitten wives from "The Out of Towners" and "The First Wives' Club" while Shandling relegated to the real second banana status.
Kinski is bland and not motivated.
Andie MacDowell plays a strangely unattractive role and does what she can with the most bizarre sub-contained in the scenario, which finds Charlton Heston as her total rifle, billionaire papa and Marian Seldes as her alcoholic mother, in wheelchair and gross armchair.
Heston and Saldes are fun, just like Jenna Elfman as a like of Sun Valley and attacks Salesgirl who leads to Porter and Griffin to a Halloween party.
The director of nominative photography of the Oscars, William Fraker, launches a pretty look to the film, but the director Chelom shows none of the depths requirements and black that he brought to films like "Hear My Song" and "Funny Bones".
The script is the weakest link in this film - it's Tellin G that most of the (some) laughs come from an old -fashioned physical slapstick and Beatty's sight in a bear costume.
Although "the city and the country" are not exactly painful to cross, it is especially resided there.