Robin Williams, this time without beard, returns to the drama in this sweet and sickly fantasy with few buyout features apart from the incredible effects.
He embodies Chris Nielsen, who meets Annie (Annabella Sciora) and his wife quickly.
They have two big children, who unfortunately die in a car accident.
Just when it could not get worse, Chris is killed in a car accident and goes to paradise when he meets his guide Albert (Gooding Jnr.)
Annie can no longer take sorrow and kills herself.
 (All sound like good pleasure so far?)
The "penalty" for suicide is to go to hell, and Chris goes on a mission to try to save it using the help of the traveler (Max von Sydow.)
Based on a novel by the writer Twilight Zone Richard Matheson, what dreams can come is an awkward material and made with an additional sugar load.
It is the worst Spielberg film that Spielberg has never made.
Everything is not going on this film: the performances are forced and the public does not relate to any of the characters.
Williams puts a convincing upset face, but that's all it is: a face.
There is no emotion behind.
Sciora's performance is lazy and crowds throughout the film.
She can be pretty, but she cannot act.
Max von Sydow is O.K like the traveler, if nothing special.
Fortunately, Cuba Gooding JNR adds a little rebound to his performance and is certainly the best performer in the film.
It is a shame that his character is so flat and 2-D, and offers no room for improvement.
All the performers must work with an SOPPY script, who tries that it is better to advance emotion, but never takes off.
There are _some_ scenes that could be real heart pays, but the faceless characters do not help to remove anything from the interpreters.
While films like E.T has used great actors, music and management to shoot a masterpiece of favorites, what dreams can come is random, expecting the emotion automatically fromthe scene.
Instead, it's rather boring.
Of course, the music is pretty (by Michael Kamen) and the cinematography is not bad (by Eduardo Serra) but there is something that is missing.
The script does not help, filled with desperate romantic cliché speech and failed.
Richard Matheson can write impressive science fiction stories, unfortunately, this novel looked embarrassed in a good deal, and even less to be converted into a $ 70 million vehicle for Robin Williams.
Although it is fixed to paradise, what dreams can come is powerfully depressing.
The film precipitates a happy ending, but everything before it is very, very sad and black, which adds just to make the end even more desperate and stupid.
But there is a buyout feature on this failure of a film: the special effects.
Paradise and hell are really incredible places, and the actors adapt perfectly to virtual sets.
But despite this, what dreams can happen, only turns out to be the greatest disappointment in 1998.
Instead of raising questions about existence, he raises boredom.
Unfortunately, I recommend that you give this film a lack.
Best luck next time, Robin.
A review by David Wilcock? 1998
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes