Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton, Goldie Hawn and Gary Shandling are a pair of married couples whose complacent life is about to be shaken in the version of director Peter Chelsom of classic romantic comedy and vis -à -vis in "Town &Country ".
The farce of the show in the 1930s treated sexual innuendos and relied on the mind and a lot of agitation and noise to place the spectator at the heart of the romantic action Duplicite.
At the time, the scions of incredibly rich society, with too much free time, would have been wrapped in all kinds of sexual peccadilles with spouses and lovers, so that everything would come out well at the end - see "The Philadelphia Story"For a large farce.
 "Town & Country" has incredibly rich protagonists with too much free time - the kind of people who have a job but never seem to work - and sexual misconduct on several levels.
But, there is almost no life to the original script of Michael Laughlin and Buck Henry and it is the fall of "T&C".
There are, obviously, many Hollywood talents, in front and behind the camera, involved in "Town & Country", but, without a sympathetic history or, at least, interesting to go through their efforts, everything is rotten.
And that's what we get here - nothing.
Porter Stoddard (Beatty) is a powerful New York architect with a very good life.
Her 25 -year -old wedding with Ellie (Diane Keaton) appears, on the surface, to be perfect.
But there are cracks just below this virgin surface.
His wife is wary of his place, his children do not need him and his best friends, Griffin (Garry Shandling) and Mona (Goldie Hawn), are in the midst of a divorce.
Porter tries to take control of his life before it is too late, but as a man fighting against moving sand, his fight flows more deeply.
90 minutes from "Town & Country", I wondered what is it for? "
I was not entertained, I laughed three times - on small silly falls - and I spent most of the film to mark from time to the end.
Warren Beatty walks with his character in a perplexed fog, making problems thinking with part of his anatomy other than his head.
Ellie de Keaton is an empty head flake that cannot see the evidence while wearing is screwed on it.
And, as you know them, who would like friends like Griffin and Mona?
The distribution of support has nothing to do and, sometimes, hurts the film, given the equipment they are forced to use.
Nastassja Kinski plays a cellist with whom to wear an adventure.
The actress, who has strangely failed to age over the years, is under the shelter of the musician at the head of the air and the character does not belong, anyway.
Jenna Elfman is a sweet, but intelligent ditz, who joins Porter and Griffin on one of their media.
Andie MacDowell is absolutely painful to watch as a rich heiress (is there another in this film?)
who comes to wear.
The Saving Grace is a pair of eccentric perf de Charlton Heston and Marian Seldes as very strange macdowell parents.
Glib rationalization of infidelity, as: "if he does not speak English, that does not count", are a basic food for the scenario.
The morality of the film seems to be, if you can get away with it, go ahead.
The distribution of characters is for most people you would not want to know, regardless of friendship with friendship.
The actors do their best, but are paralyzed by the weak material.
Helmer Chelom, who made the exceptional and offbeat comedy "Funny Bones", is mired in the disorder of a script and never puts his mark on "Town & Country".
The production values are high, as we expect from a Hollywood film on a large budget.
But, the opulent sets of Caroline Hanania, of sumptuous cabinets of Molly Maginnis and the first -rate photography of William Fraker cannot save "Town & Country".
The film had a long list of production and distribution problems S and it could have been better, for me anyway, if Hollywood has just said no to this film.
I give him a d.