Let's move on to it with as quickly as possible.
If it were possible to receive a refund, this review would not be coming.
But as is, "Godzilla" is undoubtedly the strongest, longest and ultimately the most written film ever released by a large studio.
Producer Dean Devlin and director Roland Emmerich should be ashamed of themselves, and as penance is forced to return to the film school to watch "last year at Merienbad" until they can graspThe idea of content and intrigue.
No quantity of media threshing, no sum of money can hide the fact that these filmmakers are the equivalent of the 90s in William Beaudine (Billy the Kid vs.
Dracula).
 "Godzilla" opens with original images of nuclear trials of bikini atoll interspersed with sequences of Iguanas swimming and ransacking their eggs.
We are then initiated into the crew of a Japanese fish canvas ship (a dubious company since tuna treatment is supposed to be supervised to eliminate the net of the dolphins).
Well, the ship is attacked and sunk by an invisible creature.
Later, a French group led by Philippe Roache (Jean Reno) interviews the only survivor.
In a state of shock, the only thing that man can pronounce is the word "gojira" (the Japanese name of the famous beast).
We are then presented to Dr.nick Tatopoulos (Matthew Broderick, with a nickname obviously taken from the film's effect designer).
He is currently studying the effects that the Chernobyl disaster has had on the population of local land.
He was immediately drafted by the U.S.Militaire and taken to Panama where the enormous footprints of a creature is shown.
In a short time, another fishing boat (laden with canned tuna of the u.
Well, it seems that everything that eats these ships is heading for New York.
When the beast finally appears, he tears a building, trampled on a few trucks and hell of life for the mayor in office Ebert (strike for New York).
The army, with Dr.Topoulos, has two tonnes of fresh fish thrown in the middle of New York to attract the beast of its hiding place in the New York metro system.
He finally crashes in the streets of the city and has a nice face to face with Dr.tatopoulos who takes the photo of the beast.
The monster eats the fish, the army begins to shoot, and the prosecution is on, the army causing 90% of the damage that followed.
Work from an intuition as to the reason why Godzilla has decided to come to the Big Apple, Dr.Totopoulos buys some pregnancy kits at home from a local pharmacy that has chosen to stay open (even if New York hasbeen evacuated).
Well, the test proves that the monster is a hermaphrodite and is pregnant.
Needless to say, no one believes the good doctor about his discovery, he must therefore join the agents of the French secret service Renégat and find the nesting site of the monster and destroy the eggs before the mayor begins to leave the population inThe city (even Sile Monster is not yet dead).
I sincerely hope that I completely spoiled any interest that anyone could have to see this film.
I gave the relevant plot so that I can save those of you courageous (or stupid) enough to fall for an hour of salary on this tripe.
Everything about "Godzilla" starts almost as bad as the heaps of rotten fish used to trap the beast.
The script (and let's be clear here) from Devlin and Emmerich is so full of intrigue and non-personal holes to be sure of being the recipient of the "raid" price of the following years.
The dialogue between Maria Pitillo (like Audrey Timmonds, Dr. Tatopoulos' Eartranged Girlfriend) and Mr. Broderick is so teenager, that makes teenagers laugh (as it happened during the projection that I waswitness).
The film could be Campy well if it did not take itself so seriously seriously.
But what end, like there is no comments on the weaknesses of the human sciences against nature, and there is no reference that Godzilla is a kind of reprisals against humanity.
No.Godzilla is just a big model who was overthrown by French immigrants and decided to let New York state pay for this.
The film is dark and ugly.
Taking out at night during a rain storm, the film has little or no depth.
Everything is ugly and dark.
New York never looks so inhospitable since the "death of death".
To try to give the film a certain color, Audrey Timmonds has a bright red umbrella which is unique in that everyone in the film carries the standard gray problem.
The only moment of composition and color is during the brief scenes of Jamaica, where Dr.tatopoulos finds itself standing in a giant imprint.
The scene is well photographed but poorly installed.
You know from the start that Nick stands in a footprint.
For a scientist, this is a very bad observation.
Let's look at some of the most interesting intrigue holes in the film (this activity becomes almost as popular as the Kevin Bacon game):
1.) Why do French nuclear tests only affect a single pocket of Iguana eggs, and how do these eggs merge into a single beast?
2) Why would a cold blood creature choose a cold climate (like New York) to nest?
I don't think Iguana is used to migrating.
3 and 3) How can Godzilla cross the New York metro system, slice a submarine in half, while being unable to get out of a slim (comparison) steel cable on the Brooklyn bridge?
4) The Brooklyn bridge is the only suspension bridge that does not exist that does not need its suspension cables.
5) Did Godzilla transport the two hundred eggs to his belly?
If so, radioactive mutations are surely wonderful creatures.
 (Note: each egg measures 10 feet high and almost as wide.
Godzilla should measure more than 1,000 feet high to transport them all).
6.) Godzilla can crush ships and eat helicopters, but New York taxis are made of stronger steel.
7.) Godzilla can come out of helicopters, bullets, torpedoes and maneuver missiles, but cannot catch you on foot.
8) Taxis can maneuver Godzilla.
9.) Godzilla can dig through the metro system but cannot tear the Park Avenue tunnel.
Ten.) Why was nothing else transferred by the nuclear test as quickly as Godzilla?
Maybe a giant hermit crab in the following.
11)) Iguana galapagos really live in the French Polynesian islands?
12) Why was Dr.tatopoulos brought by the army if they were not going to listen to it anyway?
13) How did they evacuate New York Island in less than a day, and how did they convince these New Yorkers to go to New Jersey?
14)) New York television stations use a VHS band for filming and broadcasting.
New Yorkers hate beta cam.
I could continue again and again, but it would only make the film more pleasant than it is.
Do not be fooled, this film has less gray matter than any episode of "America's Funnig Home Videos".
The performance of the film is singularly bland.
No performance bothers fear or fear in the face of this terror of two hundred feet high.
The characters, in the middle of the assault, have time to stop and discuss the lack of good coffee, failed relationships, career choice.
The only current event that does not take place here is that one of the characters has a saddle, but that would have made them credible.
Most Godzilla is well.
The design of the beast is funky, if not very memorable.
One thing that comes to mind - Godzilla's main redirection in this film is to remove its most familiar brand, namely its atomic breath.
Now, for my part, I can't quite understand how you can call this Godzilla monster without this small line.
A good comparison would be to make a superman film and eliminate your ability to fly.
There is So much trouble with this film that I don't really remember something that left me this cold (except my divorce).
Any film that can have a two -ton lizard sliding on gum balls must be considered under the influence of Prozac.
The addition of Babies Raptors (Ah, I wanted to say Godzillas), are nothing more than a direct scam of "Jurassic Park", but with no suspense or tension of this film.
Just say that "Godzilla" is undoubtedly the most dead film in the brain of the decade.
This is a film that needed media threshing.
With the current level of writing and production, nothing else in the film succeeds.
If you saw the trailers, you have seen the best parts.
My only suggestion for Mr.D and MR.E.
 . This film could be the next "rocky horror".
Only it's not funny!