Woody Allen is one of Hollywood's most efficient artists, but it becomes less and less reliable as a filmmaker.
During his early years of films, he mastered the simple comedy.
From there, he entered a second phase and took risks experimenting with different approaches and styles.
Some of them work better than others.
Zelig and crimes and crimes are the work of a creative and intelligent artist.
Deconstructing Harry goes to the other extreme and is a bizarre experience demanding more from the spectator than he returns it.
Harry Block (Allen) has only two discs in his life.
He wants to have sex with as many women as possible and when he has a waste of his life and those of his lovers, he wants to withdraw in his writing.
The story of this static and very unfriendly character is told with a number of often awkward stylistic experiences.
The most irritating device may be to express the decraction of Harry's life by modifying Harry's scenes making cuts in the middle as if to show missing time with something edited.
As a writer, Harry puts his friends in his books in the thinnest of disguises.
The film dramatizes the incidents of these supposed books and the cuts between his true story and his fragments of Harry's books with different actors playing real and fictitious people in Harry's life.
These fragments are frustrating in their lack of completion, but even more frustrating, it is the exit of the characters of the fragments in scenes with the real characters.
It is up to the spectator to keep a trace not only which is fictitious and which is real, but also to keep straight which is the fictitious double of which real person.
If it seems complicated, it is.
Then, as another device in one of the stories, an actor seems to have the special property that he has become developed and can only be seen in the blurred image.
Harry sees it as a metaphor of his own state and himself becomes vague for a short period.
As if these touches had not created sufficient confusion, history is told in chronological order.
If Allen gave the public a story that deserves to be decoding, all these stylistic touches could be excusable.
But Allen puts the public through all this to give us a portrait of Harry Block who is a selfish manipulator who is not worth the effort to understand.
Deconstructing Harry takes place at a time when the former Harry college, the one who expelled him when he attended, now wants to honor him a whole life of writing.
Harry is looking among his friends to find one who will go with him.
The reason why someone who is not so willing to get involved in a relationship with anyone who suddenly needs someone else's support is not clear.
Harry tries his current girlfriend Fay (Elizabeth Shue) to discover that she is about to marry Harry's old friend, Larry (Billy Crystal).
Block would like his son Hilly (Eric Lloyd) to accompany him, but Hilly's mother, previously Harry's first psychiatrist and more recently, refuses to let her son see his father.
Another friend Richard (Bob Balaban) would go but has health problems.
Harry also plans to bring a prostitute cookie (Hazel Goodman).
It is interesting that Allen introduces another sympathetic prostitute so shortly after the powerful Aphrodite, but Cookie is considerably different - black and much brighter than the character of Mira Sorvino in the previous film.
Although the comedy sequences are never complete, some are developed and some fairly funny.
The centerpiece of the film is a trip in hell with Allen playing a kind of orpheus saving Fay from the Devil's claws, which looks a lot like Larry.
This story is also unfinished, perhaps to show Harry's reluctance to commit even to tell a story.
The screen spin that was necessary to link the stylistic quirks of this film was a central character who changed and who gives us something to worry about.
This character is obviously not the one that Allen creates in Harry Block and not the characters around Harry as seen through his acerbic eyes.
Allen can do much better than deconstructing Harry.
I note a 3 on scale 0 to 10 and a -1 on the scale -4 to +4.