Capsule: one of the ten worst films never made.
Christopher Lambert vs.ninjas evil in modern Japan ...
And no one wins.
The Hunned is such a bad film, so completely inept and so completely damaged by the brain that I could almost feel affection for that.
I could see myself showing this film to friends and shooting it with it, if it was not as incredibly xenophobic and insulting.
Christopher Lambert plays a seller of computer parties who is in business in Japan.
He meets a tight young woman (Joan Chen) and has a hot night with her - and then managed to attend his death in the hands of an Evil Ninja clan and their leader (John Lone).
Apparently, they had unfinished affairs that could only be concluded from the slaughter.
Since Lambert is a witness, he is of course the next one to die.
Let's stop and think about this for a second.
If Lambert was in real life chased by fanatic faithful to a secret Ninja society, he would have a lifespan that you could only measure with an atomic clock.
In this film, the ninja manages to kill almost everyone except him.
I imagine that the Japanese gods smiled in Lambert and provided him with a field of goof which radiates about ten feet from his body.
You know what a goof field is: this invisible area in which anyone intends to hurt you becomes a klutz, whatever its true dexterity.
This is of course only the start of the problems of the film.
Lambert finally finds a pseudo-security with a modern samurai with long hair (Yoshio Harada) and his partner-Yoko Shimada, which you may remember like Lady Toda Buntaro in Shogun.
These are the two best things in the film; in each scene, they have authority and presence, and they actually seem to belong here, even when they are dressed in complete samurai armor and brandishing.
The script does not know what the hells make it.
Lone, as a villain, is zero dimension.
The only cliché of bad garni in which he must wallow is that of the way in which the villain always has exotic women flowing from him.
In hunting, this is raised in an insulting stereotype.
What is funny is that the peripheral characters of The Hunned are not sterotypes - there is a beautiful little scene with a Cabdriver Tokyo, and a girl in a Pachinko living room - but many main characters are hateless.
In addition, the phenomenal instrumental troop Kodo assembled a higher soundtrack - obtaining the CD - which manages to survive despite the Drek that it was designed to accompany.
There is a prolonged battle scene in the middle of the film which is almost a reason enough to watch everything - a bloody fight and perfectly staged on the high -speed train which shows a real imagination for a moment, then stifles itTrying to chat clumsily with the tireless intrigue of the film.
As we come to the final force test, with Lambert with his own sword (which, judging by the modification of the leg of a scene, was forged in about seven hours), we no longer care.
We are not even given any definitive information to find out if one of the key characters lives or dies!
Someone said once the key to good art - good movies, good books, whatever - is to start an interesting place, to finish somewhere interesting and to show respect for the public throughout the way.
This film is pushing two in three, bad.