"Lake Placid" scores another entry into the series of "Pics Predator" which were a must of the screen in the late 1970s (Post- "Jaws") and were recently relaunched by the Godawful "Anaconda".
 "Placid" claims to be a "horror / comedy" - he is led by the same guy who made "House" - but his attempts at humor are in fact less funny than the serious impassive of "Anaconda".
Paleontologist Kelly Scott (Bridget Fonda) is sent to Maine to examine a tooth withdrawn from a body that had been bitten in two on the lake.
Discovering that the tooth belongs to a crocodile (which should not even be in this hemisphere), Kelly hoves the hook with the playkeeper Jack Wells (Bill Pullman) and the Sheriff Hank Keough (Brendan Gleeson).
They are joined by an unwanted guest, Hector Cyr (Oliver Platt), a scientist who loves fangs and research all over the world.
Along the way, the Merry Band meets Mme.Delores Bickerman (Betty White), an old old lady who lives on the lake.
You know what to expect from this film: many photos where the camera is the eyes of the predator (Croc Cam) swimming towards someone's hanging legs while pieces of music like "Jaws", a character (Hector)Who is obsessed with the croc stupidly the rest, another character who insists that the predator cannot exist.
Unlike his slippery cousin "Anaconda", "Lake Placid" wants to present his intrigue ironic formula, which is self-deficit.
The result is neither scary nor funny; it is just tedious.
While director Steve Miner has several horror films on his curriculum vitae (including two payments from "Friday the 13th" and "Halloween H20"), the screenwriter David Kelley (better known as the creator of the television series as"Ally McBeal" and "Chicago Hope") does not seem to have the stomach for a film by Chomp '.
The number of bodies is surprisingly low and does not include any of the major characters, and the most boring Kelly and Hector insist that they capture the living crocodile rather than killing it.
 ("Lake Placid" manages to have it in both directions - I let you discover how for yourself).
The croc itself is mainly generated by computer, of course.
Like the serpent in "Anaconda", the thirty feet monster crocodile does not seem real; it moves too quickly and in a way that seems unnatural.
 "Lake Placid" also offers little explanation to explain why a giant crocodile is in Maine.
There are a lot of semi-mystic jumbo mumbo on how "we really don't know much about crocodiles".
They would have been better with something like the urban myth on the alligators in the sewers.
A film like this does not have to offer a large part of explanation (mutant radioactive?
Creature of space?), But that must give the public something to hang their disbelief.
Pullman and Fonda seem to pass through the film on Auto-Pilot.
Most of the time, they probably plan to kill their agents or wonder if making this film marks the end of their career.
Platt and White, on the other hand, seem to give their best efforts, and they manage to extract a few laughs from this sorry script.