Synopsis: Two crooks find the perfect Patsy in Harry (Woody Harrelson) - - A former inept journalist who stumbles and gets her head in a post, tries to slap a girl and gets past in the eyes, has cough adjustmentsinformed, and fails everything he does.
The story is told from Harry's point of view.
Harry always wears around a whiskey plan although he swears that he does not drink.
One day, Harry is approached by the crooked Rhea (Elisabeth Shue), who is similar to Harry in that she carries a cigarette but swears that she does not smoke.
Sédée, Harry agrees to participate in a model of model involving a troker of the removal of Odette (Chloe Sevigny), the teenage girl of a rich man.
It turns out that all of this is part of an unnecessary, very confusing, extremely elaborated and convoluted scheme (this implies hiring special imitators) by two drawbacks to deceive Harry, a hero who barely has the intellectual capacity ofA wooden post.
When the "kidnapped" odette is found dead, the clues point to Harry as a kidnapper / murderer, and the police are hot on the Harry track.
Harry suddenly realizes that he was supervised while others took the money from the ransom.
Can he get out of this mess?
Opinion: Palmetto is a long and out of interest with a bad feeling.
The hero Harry is an inept bungler who often stumbles and constantly overestimates his own intelligence.
This type of eccentric character works better in an entertaining nude pistol action comedy or a Dragnet parody.
But Palmetto is played as a dark black, serious and detective black drama, and watching Harry's clumsy confidence is equivalent to irritating distraction.
There is a concentration line in the middle of the film while the camera is unleashed on the breasts, buttocks, short skirts, colored painted nails and female legs.
Even when the accent is supposed to be put on Harry and his dilemat, you can always notice the side of the breast of Elizabeth Shue forming a leading first plan.
Towards the end, Palmetto refocuses on the plot of the grand finale - - an confusing explanation involving imitators, with Woody Harrelson handcuffed and suspended on an acid bath when he hears the confession of the criminals.
If you can imagine "Shemp" of the three Stooges playing the hero detective of a HBO thriller "Lingerie suspense", what was this film like.