The Jean-Claude Van Damme films tend to be, at the very least, a lot of insane pleasure.
His latest film, "Knock Off", jumps on the funny part, leaving an extremely inconsistent exercise which is, well, quite simply insane.
You can't really blame Van Damme.
No one, I guess, never expected "Brussels muscles" to contribute a sincere performance overflowing with introspection and delicate shades of gray.
And even his acolyte co-star, the former "Saturday Night Live", Rob "Makin 'Copy" Schneider, does what is expected of him, although none seems to want the role of Straight Man.
No, the problem with the film is his direction.
The first five minutes of the film are incomprehensible ...
And it's going downhill from there!
It seems that five hundred characters are introduced in the first fifteen minutes.
Van Damme does not cut his first kick before thirty -three - late for most action fans - and when the hour has been held, your jaw will be on your tutor andYou will wonder why you have not to spend seven dollars on this mess.
Director Hark Tsui, whose previous film was Van Damme / Dennis Rodman teams "Double team", films at a pace so frantic that it is difficult to know what is going on, which is on the side of whom and whatis the point of all this.
Faster than you can scream "fruit stand!"
We look at a crazy rickshaw race with Schneider bounced by an energetic van van.
When Schneider begins to strike Van Damme in the back with a four -foot eel while exciting "Move Your Beautiful Big Ass", the film takes an unprecedented turn towards the bizarre.
From time to time, "Knock Off" will offer truly ingenious prospects that flourish - photos and angles of the lower camera, Wild Rides Down Gun Silenciers and from the top of buildings to the sprawling street below, revealing the cuts inThe setting - but all too quickly occur, and in such a furious frame of reference, which they are wasted.
If only Hark could have slowed things for a minute.
If you are interested in the plot, you would better read a capsule review than to try to extract any meaning of the Manigances on the screen: "Jean-Claude Van Damme plays a shaded manufacturer of Bluejeans who discovers a plotRussian of Mafia to terrorize to terrorize the world with "nanobombs" hidden in the eliminations of cabbage patch.
maybe .
With Paul Sorvino. "
A more precise summary would be "Jean-Claude Van Damme Bums around Hong Kong not avoiding the great investments of flagrant Coca-Cola products."
The fact that the film is staged during the last days of Hong Kong under the British rule obtains a lip service but is not at all.
Perhaps the most intriguing credit of "Knock Off" may be that Ron and Russell Mael composed the frantic music score.
Some of you may remember the Mael brothers like the Synth Pop duo of the 80s stimulating; their contributions here are as confused as the action that accompanies it - "Kimono My House" indeed!
Like cheap jeans and "Pumma" sneakers made in Hong Kong, the last of Van Damme is a real false.