The Master of Martial Arts, Steven Seagal (not to mention the director!) Has created a career by playing an allegedly fictitious martial superman who is never injured in fights, discussions in a cozy tone and the folds of any sign of danger.
He is also the most coherent individual in Hollywood today, because all his films are zero.
They essentially represent his selfish tendencies on his art (that is to say martial art).
I'm sure the guy is good, and he seems to be a nice guy in talk shows, although a little haughty, but these films he makes are all the same: a guy who is fundamentally indestructable,-It be supposedly fatally injured, then returned with revenge and goes Buddha on all the asses of the bad guys (although I liked a little "under the seat").
Of course, this one, as a change, has a "message" that is drilled in our mind ...
Of course, after exploding a lot and kills a bunch of people.
So why am I looking at his shit?
Usually I don't do it.
I will never do it, and you can hold me to this, I will never pay to see this man's films, unless, and unless, he is in a support role (I. E.
 "Executive decision") and I would certainly pay if he dies (i. E.
 "Executive decision").
But it has a special place in my heart.
It doesn't mean it's good or even liked it.
It was the latest film that I watched with my deceased uncle, and we had a hell to tear him to the "Mystery Science Theater 3000", and it was a few years before we heard of "Mystery Science Theater3000 ".
In this one, Seagal plays a worker for a mining factory in Alaska and managed by the unpleasant villain typical, this time played by a winner of the Oscars to give the film more influence - Michael Caine.
It seems that Caine wants to do something with its oil factory which includes oil to throw oil on Inuit land.
Towards the point of 20-30 minutes, Seagal speaks to him in what seems to be the typical speech of all the vain entrepreneurs (with his new "Fire Down below" ... or
Is he ?
Seagal is rescued by some Inuit and falls in love with one of them, played by Joan Chen, who can act, hypothetically, but, for any reason, not here.
One of Caine's steady steps (played here with a lot of superfoods by John C. McGinley) draws the CHEIF from the Inuit clan, and Chen and Seagal make a trip to eliminate the oil factory ... literally,
Of course .
At one point, Seagal delivered a wonderfully hysterical speech on how he has no options but explodes things.
He even goes so far as to say: "I don't want to kill someone" and in the same breath, he asks a guy where the arsenal is.
I have no problem with violence.
I am a big fan of John Woo, but he paints his films with suspense, skills, style, depth, characterization and simply cool violence.
In Seagal's films, the suspense consists mainly of the badly wicked attacker, and he wounding or killing them.
At times, they use the cliché of the bad guy, where the villain has the advantage, can shoot Seagal, but begins to speak by telling him his great secret plan, or by saying a cheesy line, to which Seagal says someHoy thing, and has had enough time to design a way to delete them, and do it.
It would be good if there was suspense or if he did not take himself at all seriously, as in the case of "idiot" of this summer.
But Seagal is serious about his skills, and of course, his message.
That wouldn't bother me if it was a message film in the way they present it with evidence.
But Seagal has no idea how to present a film where the message is subtle, not pounded in the spectator's mind.
The villain is completely superficial and caricatural, so we cannot take it seriously and its motivations, and while Seagal speaks of being nice to the approximately Only, it is also going forward and explodes a square mile of platform and kills workers who simply did his work.
Then, at the end, he spends a good 10 minutes to make a speech, just in case you have not received the message from the trailers.
What Seagal does not make is that no one takes their films seriously (although perhaps a couple does) and that any message he has is not only redundant, but does not correspondComfortably in his film, which is filled to the brim with Hokey violence, shit suspense, stupid melodrama and characters who have almost as much emotional depth as a petri dish.
Regarding Seagal and his game, he is rather boring.
He folds his eyes, he kills.
period .
nothing else .
Oh, yeah, there are cheesy liners ("I'm going to reach out and touch someone!").
Of course, he is the star, and we are supposed to take root for him and everything, so he makes all the bad guys incredibly stupid and a bunch of tremors.
Michael Caine, who is a large actor, is simply supposed to scream and look cold.
He does it well, I suppose, but it is not an "alfie".
From Coure, no one expected this performance caliber of him.
His great henchmark, John C.MCGINLEY is also a little boring, but is not horrible.
And we even get a small performance from this God from drilling sergeants on Celluloid, R.Tee Ermey ("Full Metal Jacket") as a leader hired of the Assasin team who can say the compulsory discourse on the dangerousFrom Seagal, just for movies trailers and for Seagal ego.
And also, look for Billy Bob Thornton as one of the Assasins in Ermey.
Anyway, to conclude all this, to judge one of Seagal's films is to judge them all (with the exception of "under the siege" and "executive decision", although the latter does notNot really a "Seagal film").
They all have this same formula, they all have the same action, the same villain, the same conspiracy, but this one has this message, which makes it more exclusive to watch.
I mean, if you rent it and I do not recommend you, be sure to jump the last 10 minutes.
But I have to put it in Seagal to create such a bad film that the last film I saw with my uncle was pleasant.
my (additional star for fun is to watch and make fun)