And now, the high -flying Hong Kong cinema style has made its way to the classics, and it's not pretty.
This time, the nod to Asia goes through France in the atrocious Bland and lukewarm production of The Musketeer, a version of the Three Musketeers of Dumas.
By bringing in the popular coordinator asian actor / cascade Xing Xiong - whose only previous American attempts at cascadeal fighting choreography.
The end result is a dull and dull action scam that stinks of the Indiana Jones and the bad Asian kung-fu.
The story is so simple that my grandmother could have adapted the scenario.
D'Artagnan (Justin Chambers) is the avenging son of a killed musket.
He went to Paris to join the royal musketeers and find the man who killed his parents.
In Paris, he meets Cardinal Cunning Richelieu (Stephen Rea), who tried to overthrow the king, and the man-black partner of Richelieu, Febre (Tim Roth), the killer of his parents.
He found the Musketeers of Paris dissolved and drunk, then he brings together Aramis (Nick Moran), Athos (Jan Gregor Kremp) and Porthos (Steven Spires) to release the chief of the King's King's King's prison.
D'Artagnan and his new love interest in love / Chambermaid Francesca (Mena Suvari) play Footsy and go to the other while the Cardinal hunts the musketeers until the Queen (Catherine Deneuve) ends up ending up withBeing captured by February Menancing, forcing the Mousquins for regrouping, with D'Artagnan leading the charge, and save the day.
The director Peter Hyams (end of days) obviously wanted to mix styles of oriental and Western cinema, but here it is a disaster.
One problem is that, in reality, most oriental films have taken their heads from the West.
The high risk of jet li is a hard death scam - not the other way around.
Ironically, there are terribly few games of sword or action in the film - perhaps ten minutes of Cape de Rabat with five scenes.
Most Asian action films bear most of their production with action sequences of 20 to 30 minutes, because they know that the scenes must wear the image.
The musket is rather posed with a predictable and monotonous scenario of Gene Quintano (sudden death), a horrible actor of Stephen Rea and Tim Roth, and the prosaic attempt by Justin Chambers (the marriage planner) to deliver hisleader.
D'Artangnan de Chambers is not a musket - he's a Souristeer!
And the use by Hyam of candles and torches to light the dirt and the dirt from the 17th century Paris are well rated, but it is the only star of a flat production.