With his successful books and films, Michael Crichton is doing well.
With the first successes with Westworld (1973) and Coma (1978), and recent films such as Jurassic Park (1993), his films were entertaining.
However, it seems to take a bad turn somewhere with sphere.
This 100 million dollars mess by the good director Barry Levison (disclosure) is dull, long and a huge disappointment.
Given the enormous budget, All Star distribution and a story of Crichton, Sphere is largely disappointing.
The film opens with Norman Goodman (Hoffman), a psychologist who thinks he visits an airplane accident to console the survivors.
However, when he arrived, he said by the Barnes supervisor (Peter Coyote) which he actually investigated a spacecraft.
With Goodman is the mathematician Harry Adams (Jackson), the biologist Beth Halperin (Stone) and Ted Fielding (Liev Schrieber.)
They investigate the spacecraft, find a massive sphere inside, meet an extraterrestrial intelligence called Jerry, and essentially strange shit occurs.
Unfortunately, something went wrong along the way with Sphere.
The film begins quite entertaining, but throughout this very long film, it becomes just more silly and more silly.
The film is accompanied from one scene to another, never completely explaining what is happening.
The actors and the staging do not help either.
Hoffman is on the automatic pilot (and seems almost embarrassed) throughout the film, producing dull lines and probably wondering what he does in this film.
Stone is useless, having no emotion and fails to convince the public that she has feelings for Hoffman.
The only person who seems to have fun in this film is Jackson, who is funny as a mathematician who becomes slowly crazy and enters the sphere.
But he is hardly in it, and at the end of the film, he is just as dull as Hoffman and Stone.
The same goes for Peter Coyote, who hash him as an officer, but is then killed halfway.
The director, Barry Levinson, who directed the disclose disposition of Crichton (1994) spoils the drama and the action.
The drama scenes are, frankly, boring, and the action scenes suffer too much, with Levison throwing the camera everywhere (just like the speed Godawful 2, 1997)
Writing also does not help much either.
Although Crichton is great with the plots, it is terrible with dialogue, and practically each line of sphere is a failure.
The speech is too simple, I hoped that it would be a little smarter.
In practice, each line simply indicates the evidence.
None of this is intelligent.
Also, where did the devil go by the budget?
The sphere itself is impressive, and there are some good shots with a special effect, but where the $ 100 million went, it is the assumption of anyone.
There is a giant Calmar attack in the image, but not once the public does not see the Calmar, even if the film has a massive budget.
I guess the image was trying to strengthen the tension by not showing Calmar, and if it is managed correctly, it would probably do it.
But the whole scene is hurting, and I was just hoping that we could see the stupid Calmar.
Finally, the film has no idea of the type to be.
Levison cannot manage his own plot.
He jumps from Hokey science fiction, horror, and finally the brilliant psychological thriller / event.
And, of course, the film looks a lot like The Abyss (1988), although in its defense, Crichton wrote Sphere before the liberation of Abyss (and is much higher than these garbage.)
It is not so bad, however.
The plot is fine, there are a few jump scenes (although nothing very scary) and there is a sometimes interesting piece.
But overall, Sphere is a big waste of beautiful talents, a lot of money and a potentially good film.
Don't really be worth seeing.
Global note = David Wilcock review