What would inspire someone who cannot write or act for pen and play in a film?
A better question, what would inspire a studio to produce said film?
If you have an answer, let me know.
Foolish, the new film written by and with Master P is a breathtaking horrible film, one without value exchanging socially, cinematographic or otherwise.
COMPANY, he has a certain potential, but only in his moments of standing comedy, for which I can light Comedy Central.
Master P features Fifty Dollah '(Beat That!) As a gangster (I think) who tries to create a club / act of comedy with his stupid little brother (Eddie Griffin).
But the two must face an angry crowd boss (played by Andrew Di Clay, for the very first entertaining time), a stubborn club owner and family problems (the latter in an idiot is a perfect example of Roger Ebert "Idi plot by Roger Ebert "," If everyone here was not an idiot, there would be no problem)
So, what have stupids have to offer next to a bunch of iDi-style names?
Not much.
As I mentioned, Master P cannot act or write.
He acts as the rapper he is.
The occasional despair that his scenario obliges him to exhibit is excruciatingly forced, just like his warm and blurred scenes with his little brother.
As for his script - Well, I suppose that he delivers what we would expect from a musical artist without experience of previous scripting.
If you haven't understood it yet, it doesn't say much.
The co-star Eddie Griffin (really the star of the show) is a fairly different story.
The fact is that Griffin, whose most important screen release to date is probably the slightly successful television show Malcolm and Eddie on the new UPN network, is an extremely talented, standing and otherwise actor.
He has a lot in common with Chris Tucker (rush hour, silver talk) in the speed with which his speech flows from his lips.
He throws blasphemies with an impressive dexterity (insofar as it can be done), and even if I hope that it will not become his brand, it works in a few scenes from this film.
And indeed, I laughed at a few stand-up scenes here, but from a feature film, I wait more.
Foolish provided me with no reason to take care of these characters.
Each scene that has a dramatic impact potential is actually broadcast by a stupid joke (in a scene where tension degenerates between the two brothers, the stupid shards to his brother with a jewelry sport "you put a hand on me and this cemeterycan be a gold rush ") or something more silly as stupid breaking his own car (to which I said, a little too strong for the occasion" huh? ") After being slightly turned upside down by hisfemale.
Believe me when I say there is nothing stupid that justifies to separate from your $ 8.
You will get more laughs looking 30 minutes from Comedy Central or practically any sitcom if you don't have a cable.
Eddie Griffin fans can take advantage of this (although offensive) thread, but everyone should stay away.
& # 137;