Disillusioned and trying to find the spice of life, Richard (Leonardo DiCaprio) leaves for Thailand.
There, he meets a crazy man by the name of Daffy (Robert Carlyle) who gives him a card to a beach, a secret utopia, then commits suicide.
Richard leaves for this beach with his neighbors from this hotel, Tienne (Guillaume Canet) and Fran? Oise (Virginie Ledoyen).
Once they got there, the three discover a secret society existing on this beach, Richard falls in love with Fran? Oise.
This covers about half of two thirds of the film and apart from the romantic element, which is only a creation of Hollywood, seems to hold on to the original novel.
The cinematography and the general beauty of this part of the film are breathtaking.
I don't think anyone can say that this film is visually magnificent.
But it's a lot of things that went wrong, Darius Khondji completely outdated by doing cinematography.
Although the script and the interpretation of the novel are very lacking.
The intrigue of the film evolves at a decent rate for about half of the film or on the points.
This is where the film has great potential, then the three travelers get the island and there is a tour for the best, yes, I said better.
Now, up to about two -thirds of this film, it's actually quite good, nothing spectacular except cinematography, but it is always promising.
This is where things are starting to degenerate into something that becomes almost non -Watchable.
There is even a "video game" style sequence that borders disgust, it does not make sense for the film and looks stupid in my opinion (and I hope many other peoples).
I hope that in my little diatribe, I clearly indicated that the film is very seriously lacking in the intrigue and the unequal rhythm, so if you will see it and that you do not like it because of that, meDo not blame.
The development of the character was not up to par; I found that the character of Richard was nothing more than a spoiled child.
Although there is a weak attempt to make this story whole, she fails and Richard (the character of Leo) presents herself as a budding philosopher.
The character seems to be underdeveloped from Get Go and seems to do things for no apparent reason, granted to some people are like that (including me) but I or nobody that I know who is quite random would never do things of the kind of thisTypefait.
The following point is that some of the really interesting characters are simply not sufficiently developed.
Richard is obviously obsessed with French at the first stadiums in history, but there is in fact very little development in this scenario.
I am sure that I contribute to the lack of basic plot of the film and to be blurred.
Now, I will move on to something a little better in the film (for all cynics, the film had some good things on this subject).
The cast and the game were at the very least passable, and I think that Leonardo DiCaprio did rather well in the role of Richard.
Be careful, I think the rest of the distribution that had them who had reasonable size roles was just as well if not better.
What raises the question why is Leonardo so paid?
 (I think it is a subject in itself, so I will not enter it).
But I like the fact that there was an international cast used, had only American actors and American actors, I can see this horrible film.
The international flavor added a more global feeling to the film which made it much more bearable.
Without forgetting that the film takes place in Thailand and a world casting makes more sense.
When everything is said and done, I liked the film for the most part, but the gaping shortcomings of the plot are unforgivable.
I would not recommend this film to anyone, the fact that I liked it to do a lot with the cinematography and the beauty of the film and not its intrigue or its story.
As it is the story that tries to be far too philosophical and fails a t his attempt.
If you end up going to see this film worry about its shortcomings.