What is needed in the world of extremely violent - IIe pornography.
The garbage known as "SNUFF" films?
Nothing, right?
What does it take in a film that chronizes the world of violent trash pornography?
Well ... nothing.
So why do it, Hollywood?
There is no reason why the average and healthy film buff will be interested in such a subject.
No one will enrich their life or have a good time looking at equipment like this.
The lack of quality cinema in "8 mm" (from technique to action) stands out even more when you consider the star, the writer and the support cast - all renowned.
But Joel Schumacher and his brand of cinema strokes unlike again!
Like Paul Schrader, Schumacher has his moments, but they are rare and far!)
between .
Basically, this image is shit and no one should pay to see it.
Why not go out?
Well, it would not be an in -depth criticism on a completely bad film.
Here is why you should spend your money on dog food or gum instead of "8 mm" ...
First of all - if you do not take into account my advice, then understand what you are about to see before you even think about paying a lot of money for this CRUD.
It's not easy to look at.
I did not know the details of the story in advance, but at least my ignorance can help others now.
The plot (ha!) Revolves around Tom Welles (Nicolas Cage) as a surveillance expert and private investigator.
An old rich woman discovers a "tobacco" film in the safe of her late husband.
She calls Welles and hiring to try to know if the girl (it should be a young girl, isn't it, Schumacher!) Who seems to be murdered in the film is really dead.
She is horrified that her husband had such a film (in 8 mm, of course) and just wants Welles Fouette without police interference to see what he can find.
Family-Man Welles agrees against better judgment or any other concrete in concrete even after climbing and grimy at the sight of the grotesque "murder".
Let me go back for a moment.
See, "SNUFF" films are porn with a violent touch - people are tortured in a very sick manner and find themselves dead.
However, deaths are often staged and, in these cases, the special effects and the "good" actor make all the difference.
Very sick people like and pay the best dollar for these difficult films to find.
The thought of this "industry" makes me want to throw my computer through the window and stop this review, but I will swallow my bile and move on.
Welles follows clues to Hollywood and the porn industry.
You might think that he is Sherlock Holmes as the clues fall so easily for him!
He comes across the Max coal clerk (Joaquin Phoenix) who knows everyone and everything in the underground affairs of Sleaze.
After a lot of excavations and welders, Welles finds men who are responsible for doing this and other "SNUFF" films.
Jump, jump, jump ...
Directed by Dino Velvet (Peter Stormare in an unusually terrible performance) and the star torrent "machine" (Christopher Bauer), they have a great test of force with Welles where death and chaos follow.
The film does not stop there, unfortunately, because Welles must do what all the heroes of the Schumacher films do - to make a vigilante.
This film does not attract you.
This is about 700 miles from that and who, in their good sense, would like to get closer?
It is possible to love a film that focuses on grime and sick behavior (that is to say.
 "Se7en"), but a large part of restraint is needed (Schumacher does not) and a larger amount of talents (Schumacher is little).
By these blows, I do not only refer to its elegant destruction of the franchise "Batman", but "A Time to Kill" was an extremely overfeited disappointment.
For a guy who gets so much money in the studio, his history of fairly bad movies are unprecedented.
A good screenwriter and a good director can make you look at hypnotically even a disgusting subject. The writer Andrew Kevin Walker did not resume the intelligence of the fascinating script he wrote for the thriller Twisted 95s, "Se7en".
The director Schumacher does not have this innate ability to make you look at things that you don't really want to see as best directors are able to do.
He should not believe Hitchcock who married the theory according to which what we do not see is more frightening than what we do (especially when it is a scene where the girl is supposed to be murdered).
However, Joel's second first name is free.
He must think that not displaying a hard act of violent sex shows a lot of restraint with tact.
No, it is not going so far, but we see enough inconvenience.
He doesn't leave much to imagination.
It is to handle to hurt (or kill) young girls just to put the audience on the side of a murderous vigilante.
The script and the game should be what makes us believe in these characters, but Schumacher has no subtlety in his (ha ha!)
craftsmanship .
Example, a photo of a Christian scholarship bus (well, right?)
Going away to reveal one of the bad guys (bad, right?).
See ... no
subtlety.
Does Joel think that we are stupid or that we must be held by the hand to understand contrasting imaging?
Who are we approaching in this mess?
Is there anyone there?
But that's not all the director's fault.
Why were the actors registered for this?
Nicolas Cage is a winner of an Oscar, to cry aloud!
If he claims to make films to challenge himself and for artistic merit rather than money, what is smoking when this scenario came across his veranda?
What is Cage supposed to be in this film - a whisper of Batman without charisma and sharp ears?
The villain Peter Stormare is five steps after Hammy.
And what does James Gandolfini do in this bin?
It was so solid that a father worried in "a civil action".
I suppose that Ol 'Nic, Pete and Jim were promised a mountain of money ... or
These are discharges.
Or they don't care.
There are moments (although brief) when it exceeds the desert.
Catherine Keener is good (although too fast to threaten the divorce) as Mrs. Puits.
Baby Cindy is obviously cute and the devout love of Wells for his daughter is sweet.
The mother (Amy Norton) of the girl of the famous 8 mm film is not too bad because a woman dealing with the uncertain loss of her daughter on the run.
This film has a look like blue tones for "Payback" (which was a much better film).
The edition is correct in scenes without dialogue, but at other times, it's tough.
During certain conversations, the close-ups and the wide plans are not very well cut, which makes it edition by someone whose instincts are not good and whose timing was half a second.
Such a technical error stands out.
Speaking of standing out, do not believe the misleading trailers.
There is not much action here.
Sometimes yes, but not as often as your TV will make you believe.
After seeing "8 mm", I may not be interested in watching a type of porn again.
Is it a positive?
Well, if I go almost ill at the idea of making a dirty film again is their pattern, they have done a swell work here.
It will take a long time before giving another chance to a Schumacher film - unless I lose my head and I become seriously depraved.
But today, I am not depraved, so I ask, why does this film preach that these garbage are there and that society should worry about it?
I'm sure somewhere right now, there are pretty sick bullshit, but that doesn't mean I need to know.
Yes, Mr.Walker, your script tells us that there are screwed people there.
Yes, Mr.Walker, the proverbial monster does not seem to be waiting for him to do it.
You said it all in 1995.
Pass.
This film is useless.
He does not entertain, he does not teach us anything, he does not make a statement beyond the OBB Ide "this thing is a bad".
It is only if this film awakens the authorities to find a way to abolish these types of horrors that it would one day really valid.
This is unlikely that it will happen, however, "8 mm" is indeed a waste of money.
Orson Welles said years ago in tribute to the film, "Aux Films ... to
Good films ".
If only Joel Schumacher and the producers had listened to and had said to Andrew Kevin Walker to bury this CRUD in the depths of a hole.
Like "SNUFF" films, "8 mm" should never have been made.
Now excuse me while I will try to forget that I have never seen it.
Trivia useless - Joel Schumacher likes the theme of the vigilante.
He used it in "Batman Forever", in "Batman & Robin", in "A Time to Kill", in "Falling Down", and it is said that Joel himself will play the vigilante at his table of Petit-Lunch tomorrow ...