When I was nine, I started buying the coolest toy figures in my local department store.
The masters of the universe were the ultimate in what I was for action figures: they combined science fiction and fantasy, had nice names like Mekanek and Stinkor and everyone came with his own little banddrawn to read.
Of course, the animation series produced by Filmation remains one of the most successful television products in world history.
Given the enormous success of toys and cartoon (not to mention his spin-off on moderate She-Ra success: Princess of Power), it was inevitable that a production company brings together two and two "andMake a Masters film live.
Let's be frank: Masters of the Universe is a very bad film.
The story is painfully dull and shot by the mind (maintained which should not * guess that He-Man and Skeletor take their fight in the real world) and is played by incredibly intractions (Dolph Lundgren like He-Man for a pourun) or good actors (James Tolkan, Meg Foster) gave characters and a dialogue as horrible as they can not help but seem terrible.
It is extremely clear that someone who makes the film wanted it to be as good as Star Wars.
We have extraterrestrial premium hunters, SKIF desert technology, Stormtrooper's looks and a musical score that reminds us so much John Williams that "already seen" is too polite to use it to describe it.
 "Rupoff without blatant inspiration" would seem more appropriate.
Television fans could want to consult Courtney Cox (Monica as friends) and Robert Duncan Mcneill (LT Paris in Star Trek: Voyager), very early in their careers and not doing it either.
So, faced with such a sub-medi-insens, is there anything to do with Masters of the Universe that is worth watching?
Yes there is .
A good incredible reason.
His name is Frank Langella.
Langella has always been one of the underestimated Hollywood actors, appearing in countless films over the years.
Here he plays Skeletor, the villain of the room.
Dressed in opulent dresses in black velvet and carrying a skull for a face, it is a part of Dark Vader, a part emperor and two parts Grim Reaper.
Given this character, Langella falls directly with style and precision.
Skeletor is credible, interesting and manages to cross the fine line between being a tribute to the past and surprisingly original in its own right.
Masters of the universe.
I remember liked it when I was eleven years old.
At twenty, it is difficult to see why.
But, as I said, he has a superlative villain who makes it worth it.
In addition, this year marks the 10th anniversary of the film.
Look at him with friends to laugh well and celebrate.