One of the most clearly obvious signs that "Gloria" by director Sidney Lumet often acclaimed, a remake of John Cassavetes from 1980, had absolutely no effect on me when I returned from the theater.
Suddenly, I realized that since I got up from my theater seat five minutes ago, I had not thought once the film in which I had just invested almost two hours of my life.
When a film is finished, are we not supposed to think about it for a while and have a conversation on this subject with the knowledge with which we have just looked at it?
I thought yes, but, on my part, I saw this particular image by myself, and # 2, even if I had been with someone, there would have been nothing to speak.
Admittedly, "Gloria" begins with a moving and rather poignant prologue in which the family of a seven -year -old boy is brutally shot down by gangsters, in search of a disc that his father had with incriminating evidence on this subject.
Just before men broke, of course, his father gave him the disc to escape.
Finally, the boy, named Nicky Nunez (Jean-Luke Figueroa), is captured by the gangsters and brought back to their apartment.
Meanwhile, Gloria (Sharon Stone) has just left prison for a crime she did not commit and returns to her ex-girlfriend (Jeremy Northam) to receive the money he promised to have to havecovered his crime.
When he refuses to give him, then hears the group of men talking about killing Nicky, she leaves with him to save his life, but not before holding men under the threat of a weapon, to steal all their moneyAnd force them naked.
Gloria is the type of New York with a fast head which always seems to be involved with bad people, and she did not expect to be stuck with a child, but she has a heart of gold (do not always typeFilm) and only tries to protect the boy, with whom she quickly begins to form a close link.
The previous incarnation of "Gloria" by Cassavetes and featuring the Luminous Gena Rowlands, remains invisible, but was undoubtedly superior, even if I cannot really imagine how this considerably dull story could be transformed into an entertaining story,Regardless of the director or the stars.
There is no doubt in my mind that the director Lumet remained closely to the original, but the film itself is simply lifeless, with only an occasional laugh that appears here and there so that it is not completelyUnbearable to watch.
I liked, for example, a very funny culminating sequence where Gloria decides to leave the school where she left the boy, and continues to turn the car, then drive a little, then slam the brakes and turn around.
These brilliant moments, however, appear long and far, and the majority of the film deals with the emerging relationship between Nicky and Gloria, which is both painfully predictable and in the Numberse.
Throughout, my mind asked the question several times: "Who really cares?"
As Gloria, Sharon Stone adopted an exaggerated Brooklyn accent which does not honestly seem to be realistic at all.
At first, in fact, I was surprised to see how the performance of Amateurish Stone was, but as the film progressed, it improved.
Although it is not one of his best turns, Stone has a comic strip that refuses to be ignored.
Jean-Luke Figeroa was well as Nicky and a little more natural than the usual actors who are so early that they make you want to gag.
All the other actors who appeared were considerably wasted, nothing more than Cathy Moriarty, an entertaining actress in its own right, who is billed fourth and has a whole scene, as an Imi de Gloria to whom she turns to the'help.
Sony, the studio that released "Gloria", obviously does not trust the film, and I don't blame them.
They refused to project the image of criticism, which is never a good sign, p Side by side with high -level people involved.
Although the quantity of money that a film wins does not determine how good it is (just look at the spectacular "in dreams", which did not even manage to make the top 10 of last week), I have a "gloria" suspicion will disappear from the rapid rooms that "ishtar", judging by the opening evening of 7:00 p.M. Mounting that I saw it, where there were about ten to fifteenpeople present, by counting me.
Although Stone can be an impressive actress (just look at her in "Casino" or "Last Dance" from 1996 if you don't believe me) and Sidney Lumet can be a respectable director, there is no reasoning forExplain why they thought that the story clichéde "Gloria" was worth redoing or, moreover, why Columbia Pictures agreed to finance it when they could have made an image that in fact seemed to have been able to have a chance tosucceed.