This film is written by the man who is considered "one of the hottest writers in Hollywood".
He wrote the revolutionary script for Scream (8/10), then added the success I know what you did last summer (7. 5/10)
Script to its mix, and also created the popular television series "Dawson's Creek".
So when he asked to run his first film, based on his very first written script, everyone and their grandmother said "Of course, go ahead!".
Uhhm, my question is ... Did anyone bother to read this stupid script ???
Land: the student ACE Leigh Ann Watson is taken by mistake with cheating papers by the most bitchy professor in the West, Mme.tingle, and is about to lose his purse at the college.
When she and her friends visit the professor at home to explain their side of the story, they end up attaching it and slowly try to say a certain meaning to the hard woman.
Critical: It is not as long as it is a bad film, that the fact that it fears.
This film is full of one -dimensional characters, does not contain any real humor that I was able to mount, zero tension or sensfilm, and Molly Ringwald, Vivica A.Fox and Lesley Anne Warren have embarked on disposable roles.
I was ready for this film because his interesting premise made me think of misery (8/10) and 9 to 5, but unfortunately for Williamson, he went nowhere with the brilliant foundation, making references toExorcist and Dr.
Zhivago, which I doubt that many about its target market will appreciate.
He also forgot the suspense, with all his characters based on incomprehensible decisions, incredible motivations and simply annoying us with all their banal dialogue.
Of course, Katie Holmes is cute, and her co-star, Marisa Coughnan, made a reasonably fun impression of the exorcist (worth two points of my three out of ten), but how can we forgive the greatest unidimensional character inAny film, Rival of Holmes in the film, Mme.The non-Tingle's full-professionalism is released by all the others around her (are teachers allowed to behave in this way these days?)And a transparent romance between Holmes and a guy with long hair, hired to be the version of the poor of Skeet Ulrich (who is himself an unversion of the poor of Johnny Depp!).
Overall, this film was laughable for me, provided me with any overview of anything, demonstrated the real lack of skills as a director of Williamson alongside a juvenile scenario, and provided Helen MirrenA big role to chew, unfortunately forgetting to give its character any anything anything, humanity or ability to understand.
No hip lines, no cheap thrills, just a dull period in the cinema.
If you want to see a funny teenage movie, go see Detroit Rock City (8/10), and thank my drunk ass, sorry in the morning.
Facts little known on this film and his stars: Kevin Williamson's father was a fisherman.
Kevin used his knowledge of fishing hooks and winches when the killer was created, I know what you did last summer (7. 5/10).
He is also a big fan of Steven Spielberg and, by coincidence, the same goes for Dawson Leery on "Dawson's Creek" on television, a program that Kevin created.
He was once a budding actor.
In fact, he even won a little part of "Another World" on television.
Furthermore, Williamson said that an unwanted English teacher who told him once he would never represent anything was the inspiration for Mrs.ingle, who is also vaguely based on the book "Killing Mr. Griffin"by the author of I Know What You AD Last (7. 5/10),
Laws Duncan.
He also came out and said he was a gay man.
Helen Mirren was born in London, England, under the name of Ilynea Lydia Mironoff.
She is married to director Taylor Hackford, whose works include the Devil defender (8/10) and an officer and a gentleman (8. 5/10).
This film was Originally entitled Killing Mrs.
Tingle, but was changed after the Columbine High School shooting incident.
Actress Marisa Coughlan will play in Kevin Williamson's next television project entitled "Wasteland".
This is actor Barry Watson, the first full feature film.
He played the character of "Seth" on "Malibu Shores" of television several times.