If only Austin Powers: the spy that broke me had been half as original, wacky, idiotic and totally pleasant as its predecessor, it would have easily been one of the greatest pleasures of this summer.
if only .
In fact, the spy that broke is exactly the opposite of the original; instead of refreshing the public with an intelligent parody after the other, the filmmakers bomb us with worn and tired jokes removed directly from the first.
Take the scene where Austin Powers (again played by Mike Myers, but with only a fraction of the dizzy enthusiasm he posted previously) confronts a henchman on the side of a cliff.
After being pushed back from the ravine, the villain is of course supposed to be dead.
But suddenly, we hear an implorating voice coming from below; he is only injured.
A similar scene has played very well in the original international man of the mystery, but here I was insulted by that.
Did the filmmakers really believe that the public would make fun of a scam?
Apparently, I overestimated the intelligence of the average film buff, since the film made more than $ 200 million in national theatrical brushes.
Do I hear the sound of a franchise heading to us?
That said, however, I still cannot deny the film of his merits.
The basic intrigue was quite delightfully silly to maintain my interest a little; Dr. Evil (Mike Myers, in the second of his three roles), having built a time machine, dates back to the year 1969 in an attemptTo snatch "Mojo" by Austin Power (don't you like this word?)
While he is cryogenically frozen.
When Austin has this wind of this (after a big intro explaining the absence of Vanessa Kensington by Elizabeth Hurley), he also turns back in time to redo his sexual campaign, accompanied by the Felicity Shagwell Hot trot, played by Heather Graham.
It seems stupid, I know, but in the film, it is starting to make a kind of strange and offbeat sense, and it worked for me.
Then there is a mini-me (Verne troyer), a ...
Small clone of Myer's Dr.Mal, exactly 1/8 in size.
The personality of Troyer alone wins the film half an additional half-star, contributing to a particularly hilarious scene where he tries to nibble his own mini-MR.
Bigglesworth.
Just try to ignore the fact that at 2'8 '', he would make Dr.The height of the evil rises to just over 21 feet.
never mind .
However, there are only about four warm laughs throughout the hour and a half (the most notable being the now famous tent scene), and it is simply not enough to justify a recommendationminor.
If there is actually a "Austin Powers 3", they should just kill the powers of the secret agent and focus on Dr.Mal and Mini-moi.
Unconventional, yes, but it is undeniable that it would make a better film.