Robin Hood: Men in Clops is another film produced by Mel-Brook in the classic tradition of films like flamboyant stools and the young Frankenstein.
Mel Brooks is well known for his comic gaze on regular life, his rapid dialogue and his lively spirit.
Unfortunately, Robin Hood: Men in Clops has no easy -to -live humor of flamboyant stools, none of the funny action of young Frankenstein, is devoid of the charm of space balls, and does not even miss the goodSolid dialogue in world history.
It is, in short, one of the worst films that I saw produced Mel Brooks, or someone else.
The intrigue strongly borrows Kevin Costner's film well received from last year, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves.
This is not surprising in itself, and could have been used for a great comic effect, mainly by parodying scenes from the original film.
Mel Brooks does not take advantage of it, however, and uses the film to launch several ideas in the air, none of which connects and of which none are explained later.
The film scenes could be mixed in any order and it would be difficult to notice.
Cary Elwes, of the fame of the Princess Bride, plays Robin de Loxley, a man captured in the Crusades, fighting with King Richard.
He escapes and, joining a man named Achoo (I'm sure you can see the obvious joke), fights in England to recover his name and the throne for Richard, who was captured by the evil prince, playedBy funny comics Richard Lewis.
He also tries the love of Maid Marian and tries to reverse the evil "Sheriff of Rottingham".
A good adventure plot which is unfortunately unused.
Elwes and Lewis are both excellent comics, but the dialogue of the film is simply excruciating.
No actor has good words to work with, and the lines are simply not funny or credible.
Perhaps the worst example is when the Merry Men group meets a man playing a Macaulay Culkin clone of the successful film alone.
This particular scene is so moved and so serious, and followed by so many other scenes of equal miserable ideas, that I really wanted to leave the theater.
A large part of the public continued to watch his watches everywhere, and some have left the theater.
The laughs were rare, and they mainly dealt with visual jokes (like an old horse beaten from "Back-A-Wreck") then from any dialogue.
The scenes that could have been classics, such as the archery competition, are ruined by a bad game.
The biggest problem with the film may be that he is simply offensive.
The basic intrigue, which Robin received a key that will unlock the chastity belt of Maid Marian, is not full of mind or funny.
Mel Brooks as a rabbi which gives circumcision is also offensive for me and the others in the public (not all either Jewish).
The film simply tries to try to be funny and on the whole fails.
The addition of a blind man who stumbles, falling from the cliffs, walking in the edges and being a general buffoon could have had a humorous potential, but is also made terribly offensive.
The only reason to see this film is the surprise actor at the end who plays King Richard.
It is well worth waiting, if you can endure an hour and half of irregular dialogue, atrocious visual humor, old word games, old jokes and bad game.
If you can't, don't even get watching this miserable film.