"My name is Jack Carter, and you don't want to know me," explains our anti-hero covein (Sylvester Stallone).
Take advice!
Knowing this type is as rewarding as being thrown on a terrace.
And watching this film is almost as painful.
 "Get Carter" is a dark and imagination film that offers no joy.
Jack Carter is as hard as the dars come.
He works in Vegas as a self-written "financial expert".
Explaining his duties, "he said," People make promises and break them.
I help them remember. "
He has a chopped body full of tattoos.
He has an altered indicative look of a man who saw his share of difficult time.
He speaks in a tone of suffocated but threatening voice.
In other words, it's Sylvester Stallone Act like ... Sylvester
Stallone.
And like most of his previous roles, his character is a shallow and unidimensional thug whose modus operandi is to speak hard, to track some unhappy people, to discover what he must know, then to dispense his own kind of justice.
With the charisma of a pit bull, being difficult is all that Jack Carter knows.
However, even the hard workers know when to put the family first.
As the story begins, we learn that Jack's little brother died in a car accident.
Police attributes it to a high consumption of alcohol.
However, Jack is suspicious, believing that he was "withdrawn".
He pauses in his functions as vegas and tries to see if he can find the truth.
While he pushes, he runs to several lowlife characters.
They include a lazy commerce partner, a prostitute, a millionaire Dweebish molded after Bill Gates and an oily owner of a porn website.
Each of them can know something about the death of their brother.
All have the means to carry out the act.
But do not expect a detection exercise where well -placed clues lead to Carter to the truth.
It is all broken and no brain, so there are no epiphanies during his investigation.
Instead, he uses intimidation to make his way forward, traveling this circle of suspects.
Authorized by his lack of progress, he crosses them again and again.
It all becomes tiring quite quickly.
As the film embarks on its final act, we are numbed by its pedestrian rhythm.
Curiously, as a durum thriller, it displays us for the action.
Admittedly, there is a clever hunting sequence, but this is linked to a tangential and useless plot (the Links of Carter de Vegas send thugs to recover it).
History does not manage to generate a kind of emotion either.
Stallone has the personality of a stone plate.
And the appearance of the film is perpetually shot.
Time is constantly covered or rainy.
Meanwhile, most shots take place at night, in weakly lit rooms or in dark alleys.
It is simply impossible to be stirred on this kind of atmosphere.
Consequently, "Get Carter" represents nothing more than a flat thriller, devoid of intelligent moments and devoid of any excitement.
You better leave this guy alone.