The first Troy Beyer wrote the critical turning point "B. A. P. S".
Now she makes her debut, writing, making and playing in this film lower than speech on women who talk about sex.
Although it is not without buying quality, this film is bad.
The basic story follows three single friends - Jazz (Beyer), Lena (Randi Interman) and Michelle (Paget Brewster) - in their search for love.
Jazz has an idea for a local talk show; it would star women speaking of sex and meetings.
She and her friends make a demonstration band of interviews with the women of Miami.
The film itself is sprinkled with these real interviews, both in the context of the plot and as a comment on the situations of the main characters.
The fact that they are real provides a refreshing break in some of the most melodramatic moments in the film.
There are several moments of bad game, cheesy dialogue and emotional oversee.
In an independent film on a small budget of a first director, these faults can sometimes be forgiven, if the scenario is fresh and solid.
That is not the case here .
The script suffers from random route developments.
There are four or five of these turns in the plot, each raising the question "where does it come from?"
At one point, a character has a life reconciliation with his mother.
We are supposed to be moved, but as the scene is not completely directed, we really don't care if she and her mother get along.
We have never seen her mother before.
We never see her again.
who cares ?
Worse, these sudden developments are supposed to initiate our sympathy.
At another time, a character announces that she cannot have children.
Apparently, it's devastating.
We would not know because she never talked about having children before, but we must nevertheless be devastated for her.
The scene looks like a reflection afterwards, its manipulative and superficial emotion.
These scenes are growing more and more, leading to an absurd culminating point.
Two scenes were played with such an overwhelming melodrama that I found myself laughing.
A scene is the sputum of a lover between two minor characters.
The other has the main characters expressing their abundant grief by cleaning the house in groans of despair and the clouds of Ajax.
Thinking of these scenes, it is difficult for me to admit that the film has qualities of buyout.
But this is the case.
First of all, it's original.
We, men, often ask what women are talking about when they are alone in groups, and I imagine that this film gives me a fairly good idea.
This is something that I don't think I have been the subject of a film.
Second, the interviews with Miami women are sincere.
Together, they form a mosaic photo of Miami Beachwalkers and Bistro Diners.
The mosaic is made of bites and sound stereotypes, but each tile is a real experience of women.
Neither the image of women, nor their image of men, is really representative, but the fact is that the two generalization sets are revealing in their own way.
At a certain level, the emerging stereotypes can be called true.
I can imagine that some people like this film when its characters talk about their "tastes, aversions, skills and chills", but overall, it's pretty bad.
And it makes it even more difficult to forgive bad game, cheesy dialogue and emotional overexxation.
I will give Beyer one more shot, then it came out.
Classified R (almost obtained an NC-17) for an explicit sexual dialogue and a nudity.