Nostalgia of the 70s continues, because we see a revival of one of the greatest achievements of the decade: the comedy of Marijuana.
However, Half Baked does not work entirely with all its brain cells and will make you appreciate the doubtful talents of Cheech and Chong much more.
The intrigue follows the misadventures of four Stoners Ne'er-Do-Well.
There is the unofficial chief of the group, Thurgood (David Chappelle), Scarface (Guillermo Diaz), Brian (Jim Breuer) and Kenny (Harland Williams).
Kenny is in trouble, while, during a munchie race, nourishes his snacks to a diabetic police horse.
When the animal ends, he finds himself accused of having killed a police officer and of facing a deposit of $ 1,000.
His friends promise to collect funds for a bond of 10%, but do not know how.
In other words, until Thurgood falls on a pharmaceutical marijuana reserve tested in the society where he works as a concierge.
Soon, the three guys dope to collect funds, while avoiding cops and the Rival Sampson Simpson dealer (Clarence Williams III).
For a comedy, the film is enough without humor.
Not that it does not try ... it is
Just that the comic configurations are obvious and the earnings fall almost all flat.
The four tracks play the same character almost all.
Only Williams stands out (while performing at the level of his comedy Rocket Man without humor), but it is because he imprisoned in most of the film, giving a very necessary change of rhythm (but above all exchanging a set ofobvious gags for another).
To help, the film is full of cameos.
Steven Wright, Tommy Chong, Janeane Garofalo, Willie Nelson, Snoop Dogg Dogg and Jon Stewart all make appearances at one time or another.
None of them works, beyond the simple level "hey, it's _____".
In fact, the funniest work in the film comes from Chappelle.
Not like his Pothe Fade track, but in his second role, as a potted rapper in a pot, Sir Smokealot.
Admittedly, it is almost a role of a joke, and there is not a ton of laughter ... but this film needs everyone that he can scratch.
To top it all, and in a contrasting movement with the tone of the rest of the film, Thurgood receives a romantic interest, Mary Jane (Rachel True).
Its role is that of the announcement of the public service: to inform us why making drugs (including the pot) is wrong.
His character seems to simply make a defense of the camp "Your film promotes the use of drugs".
The film would have been better while respecting the "rebellious" tone that he tried so impatient to claim.
However, in the end, it doesn't really matter.
Looking at the film clean and sober, you are forced to recognize how really it is.