This is a sad situation when the rear presentation text is more exciting than the film contained.
This is the case for the 1990 Paul Mayersberg film _The last samurai.
Although the presentation text alludes to "a jungle filled with political intrigues, uncomfortable alliances and deadly enemies in each turn", the history of the film is in fact quite simple (and prosaic): A Japanese Average Age businessman named Endo (played by Johnfujioka) and his assistant, who both have samurai aspirations, go to Africa in search of his ancestor, who went to bring Buddhism to Africa.
He hires the services of the Vietnam veteran, the veteran pilot of Vietnam, Johnny Congo (the formidable Lance Henriksen) and his girlfriend (Arabella Holzbog), and goes to the camp of a mixer of weaponsislamic-missionary (John Saxon)and his wife (Lisa Eilbacher).
They are all kidnapped by an African revolutionary guerrilla warfare with witch aspirations to hide a pre-arranged weapon contract, which falls later.
The Congo escapes, finds the sword of the ancestor of Endo and returns, flamboyant rifles, to release the rest, and Endo kills the revolutionary with the sword.
the end .
_The last samurai is one of those films which is neither bad enough nor good enough to be pleasant.
It's just _ether_.
The troubled intrigue is filled with subsextes that are never developed, sub -intrigues that are never explained and many scenes that have very little sense.
The film is shot with all the old Japanese Japanese "Japanese inscriptionable" and Zen Japanese stereotypes to expect from an American film.
It is quite slow, with only a little action towards the end, and the final duel between Endo and the terrorist is quite anticlimatic.
Most of the game is fair, with the possible exception of the Girlfriend of the Congo.
Lance Henriksen is his usual self, and is one of the few reasons why anyone could have in a living way to see this film.
The only other light point is the radical African landscape.
I paid $ 3 for this film, from the Best Buy reduction rack, and halfway, I suspect that I paid.
If you are in mood in Samurai, read a Clavell novel or watch a Kurusawa film.
Jump _The last Samurai_ unless you are an unconditional fan of Henriksen.