"What is your favorite moment in New York?"
 "This climbs in the charts."
With John Cusack, Kate Beckinsale, Eugene Levy, Molly Shannon.
Directed by Peter Chelom.
PG-13 classified.
There is no doubt that 95% of romantic comedies follow a distinct model: Guy sees a girl, Guy wants a girl, Guy goes through unreasonable obstacles to have a daughter, Guy Get Girl.
In rare cases, the sexes have returned.
Predictability is data.
Rarely, however, is a romantic comedy as cheap, as obvious, or as useless as the serendipity, a film that uses its "theme" as an excuse for its artifices.
 "Lightweight" does not start to describe it.
It's like anti-gravity.
He begins in New York Bloomingdale, a product placement rivals with Fedex de Fedex for madness.
Jonathan Trager (John Cusack) and Sara Thomas (Kate Beckinsale) both opt for the same pair of gloves.
After traveling the superficial movements, Jonathan can keep the gloves and both come out for ice cream, followed by an ice skate.
Jonathan falls hard and Sara is charmed.
When she writes her name and number on a piece of paper, a truck rumbles and breath of her hand.
She takes this as a sign of fate that they should not be together; Jonathan is amazed.
To pacify it, she offers an idea: Jonathan will write her number on a $ 5 note, which she will spend quickly.
When she returns home, she will write her name and number in a book ("Love in the Time of Cholera") and will sell it to a used bookstore.
If the bill returns to him or the book, it will mean that they are supposed to be together.
three years later .
Sara and Jonathan are now engaged to other love interests.
Both realize that they are not satisfied.
Both go looking for the other.
What is happening now is so absurd that I am almost tempted to recommend the film to see it.
The two run circles in each other in a set of incredible "coincidences" that I would describe as artifices without the film Oh-Cleverly reject this criticism by building its plot around "serendipity".
Of course, since the film talks about fate, the screenwriter can do everything he likes.
I don't buy it.
There is no suspense in all of this because we know exactly what will happen, but Serendipity insists on unraveling his allegedly "adorable" head in our heads.
Instead of "do they meet?"
The question we are wondering is "when will they already meet?"
To make things worse, each "coincidence" is telegraphed to a distance mile; by the last coil, I was enough to actively look for signs that something other "incredible" was going to happen.
Cusack is fine and Beckinsale, at least, is not salted with another clumsy and clumsy scenario (she had bad luck, with Brokedown Palace and Pearl Harbor on her CV), just a useless useless.
Serendipity also relieves boredom with the incredible Eugene Levy, who plays a sarcastic bloomingdale seller.
What is the interest in watching a film that sink around and around a predestined conclusion (without puns)?
The serendipity wants to draw the strings from the heart, but it only tests our patience.