I know there were moments during this film that I laughed quite strongly.
The problem is that I don't remember them while I write this criticism.
This is not a good sign.
In Booty Call, Jamie Foxx is Bunz, a character that I can't really describe, because I don't know much about him.
I only know that he likes to shoot the sidewalk and that he does not like relationships, just "loot calls" at three in the morning (no questions, no commitment).
Bunz has a best friend named Rushon (Tommy Davidson), who seems to be the direct opposite of Bunz: on the law and narrow, and currently in a long -term commitment (seven entire weeks, Wow!).
Rushon finally wants to sleep with his girlfriend, Nikki (Tamala Jones), but for a reason that is not fully explained, it will happen after a double appointment with Bunz and the friend of Nikki Lysterine (Vivica A.Fox), who has never met.
In short, the two couples have matched and spend the rest of the evening to have their attempts to make the act spoiled by Nikki's obsession for safe sex.
She first wants condoms, so Bunz and Rushon come out and get them.
Oh, no, they should be latex, not lamb's skin.
Back to the store.
Now they must obtain dental dams, or there will be no preliminaries.
Why are the two couples stopped whenever Nikki makes a request?
Nikki phones Lysterine, who lives through the corridor, and tells him that she would better make these requests too.
Talk about Coittus Interruptus.
Booty Call is a film that does not know if he wants to be a regular comedy or one of these exaggerated comedies.
The difference between the two is that in the latter, things happen constantly that are so far from reality.
In this category, for example, you have Ace Ventura: private eye on the soft and plane side!
to the extreme.
There are moments during the loot call where the film comes out of its shell and tries for this status, but too often withdraws to the security of the convention.
It's disappointing, and worse still, distracting.
There are also cases where the script for Takashi Bufford and Bootsie Parker (are these real names?)
Does not respect its potential, because the jokes are left unexploited or even ruined by poor writing.
For example, there is a scene where our main characters are in a Chinese restaurant.
Bunz goes up in an Asian gangster and speaks to him in the Fluid Cantonese, to everyone's surprise.
However, when he was asked how he had learned the language, he went into this explanation of the way he began to pick up words in Kung-Fu films at the end of the evening, and quickly acquired a master's degree.
This canceled the ridiculousness of the whole scene.
If, on the other hand, when he was asked how he had learned to speak Chinese, Bunz simply replied: "Kung-fu movies", then went on, the joke would have been much more effective.
This is because it would have been totally incredible, but funny because we know it's amazing.
By explaining the point and trying to make the ridiculous plausible, the film does not give enough credit to its viewers.
Unfortunately the inconsistency and credibility unfortunately raise other questions.
Why are two people so disparate like Bunz and Rushon the best friends?
Why do Rushon and Nikki repair bunz and lystine?
If Nikki is so obsessed with safe sex, why does she not have condoms in her own apartment?
These questions are not answered by the scenario, but are neglected for the sole reason to advance the plot.
A very notable quality of the loot call is the prevalence of unnecessary coarse language.
Some films use a lot of shares, but use them in very justifiable circumstances, such as when used consistent with a character's discourse model.
Other films, such as the recent Jackie Brown, use them in a way that is almost parodying.
The loot call stucks them simply to laugh, and it does not work.
THE There is a painful thumbs up because there is almost no reason to use them.
Half of the scenes seem to occur for no reason.
The Chinese restaurant, a heist in a convenience store and a hospital trip seem to have nothing to do with history and are there to fill.
This is surprising, since the film lasts less than eighty minutes.
It is a shame that the heart of the film is not much better, because it is made up of sometimes funny, but forgettable dialogue.
I refer you to the first paragraph of this review.