Even if I have the greatest respect for Richard Dreyfuss as an actor, his presence in a film does not guarantee any particular level of quality.
Like everyone, Dreyfuss has invoices to pay, so he occasionally accepts large pay checks for important roles in bad films.
Consequently, while his salient careers include the jaws, the narrow meetings of the third type, the installation and the men of Tin, his curriculum vitae is dotted with titles like Moon Over Parador, Let it Ride, and now the tribefrom Krippendorf.
Let me start by saying that the Krippendorf tribe is sometimes funny (although never in a loss), but it is its only asset.
The best word to describe this film is "Asinine".
The target audience seems to be recent graduates from nursery schools without many sexual innuendos, which aim for a person who goes through puberty.
Krippendorf's tribe is trying to be a wacky comedy out of the wall, but the filmmakers have forgotten three important rules.
The first is that a minimum level of credibility of the plot must exist.
The second is that viewers should be able to identify themselves, or at least worry about a character or two.
Finally, and above all, more than 5% of the jokes must work.
Once upon a time, James Krippendorf (Dreyfuss) was a respected professor of anthropology at the Little Bounderby College.
He and his wife obtained a subsidy to seek a "lost tribe" somewhere in the wilderness of New Guinea, an objective they have never achieved.
Shortly after their return from failure, Krippendorf's wife died and he ended up with the Herculean task of raising three children - Shelly (Natasha Lyonne), Mickey (Gregory Smith) and Edmund (Carl Michael Linder) - Alone.
Now, more than a year later, the college wants to see the results of the money they have given to Krippendorf (which he spent not for research, but on things for his family), so theySend a new member of their teacher, Professor Veronica Micelli (Jenna Elfman), to inform him that he had to give a conference on his conclusions.
When he arrives at the college for the capital event, rather than telling the truth and risking being sent to prison for embezzlement of school funds, he makes a story on a mythical tribe lost, the "Shelmikedmu".
To provide video sequences, he films his children dressed in native costumes.
Soon, to Krippendorf's great surprise, the Shelmikedmu are a national phenomenon.
But an unhappy teacher (Lily Tomlin) is determined to prove that the tribe is fraud.
The only way the Krippendorf tribe works is if you assume that all the characters (not to mention viewers) are more stupid than dirt.
Unfortunately, it is impossible to love or sympathize with a pile of putz like this.
Director Todd Holland fails to develop any character in something more substantial than a device to implement various doubtful gags.
Meanwhile, attempts to satiate the superficiality of American culture (that is to say, to what extent the public can be deceived to jump into the train of the latest trend) appear to be weak and derivatives.
the action by disappointing.
Dreyfuss certainly did not give his "everything" to the role of James Krippendorf.
Besides him, Jenna Elfman, the Spunky co-star of Dharma and Greg of TV, radiates the threading and few others.
This quality, although well for a 22 -minute television program, quickly becomes irritating in the arena of a feature film.
No one in the support cast - Lily Tomlin, David Ogden STIERS, Natasha Lyonne (Woody Allen's daughter in everyone says I love you) - Excellent.
I know that a film is in difficulty when it is half the length of the Titanic, but seems much longer.
Most of what comes to the screen is a generic material in the sit -com - the type of slope that people will absorb while driving in their favorite easy chair in front of the TV.
If there is an advantage, it is That I do not see much support for the box office developing for this gearful and poorly marked error.
Krippendorf's tribe will disappear quickly.