An American werewolf in London is John Landis's revolutionary feature film on an American tourist who is bitten by a werewolf in the Jolly Old England.
The revolutionary part of the film is the special effects.
More specifically, the makeup used for the transformation of a man into a werewolf; and for ghosts that haunt the main character.
Even twenty years after its release, this part of the film is always impressive.
However, I must say that it is really the only part of the film that could be considered impressive.
The rest of the film is a race for the Wolf-Garou film with a little additional blood thrown to make a good measure.
If it was not for the advanced makeup effects used in the transformation of the werewolf, it is very likely that it is a film which would have gone largely unnoticed when it was released in 1980.
And for a good reason - the game is not great and writing either.
Well, we don't really expect these things great in a horror film.
But another important element is also lacking here - it is not scary.
Without exception, you know what will happen before it happens.
You don't even need the mandatory frightening music to give you a clue.
I will give the director John Landis that it is one of the most beautiful horror films that I have ever seen.
But John, it was not scary.
I did not know if it was supposed to be a kind of romantic drama and that all the werewolf was launched to bring people to come to the theater to see him, but that did not work for me.
In fact, it was intended for a kind of parody on horror films.
But the mixture of comic moments with the melodrama was so bad; the targeted humor was lost to me.
It is never a good sign that you do not realize that a film is supposed to be funny before the end of the film and that you read it in the background material.
Call me crazy, but you shouldn't have to do any research on a movie to take advantage of it.
I'm not even going to even enter into the intrigue of the film, because the title sums up everything.
BELWOLF BITES BOY (David Naughton).
The boy finds himself in the hospital where he is treated and ends up falling in love with the pretty nurse (Jenny Agutter), then strange things are starting to get to Boy.
Including, and I must admit that it is a very nice touch, the visits of his friend who was killed in the same wolf attack that ended up with him in the hospital.
The interesting thing here is that his boyfriend is a damaged corpse quickly.
I know it seems strange, but it actually works.
The scenes between David Naughton and The Dead Buddy (Griffin Dunne) are really the best parts of the film.
As I said, the only reason this film was a success was because of the special effects.
Although they are still impressive today, they are not impressive enough or abundant enough to justify watching this film.
And as they are more or less the culmination of the film, there are much better choices if you want a scary film to curl up with your lover.
In fact, the continuation of 1998, an American werewolf in Paris, is more entertaining because it does not take it as seriously and actually gives some additional laughs along the way.