The only thing worse than watching a bad film is to realize that the film had a lot of potential and could have been effective.
This is the case with _urban Legend_, the new horror film of the first director Jamie Blanks.
The idea behind the film is that the crazy slasher of the film Muders people according to various urban legends.
The examples include the killer at the back of the car and the person receiving calls from the interior of his house.
The killer wears one of these L.L. parkas of beans with the cover completely pulled, so you cannot see the face.
I suppose that Halloween masks are old -fashioned for psychos these days.
Anyway, the premise is certainly clever and the opening scene is frightening and atmospheric.
It is a very good configuration that promises more chills to come.
Unfortunately, the film never takes off from there.
The film takes place on a peaceful campus of the New England College.
Like most Slasher's films, he also concentrates around a young main female character whose friends are slowly killed by a manaque lacking a knife (or in this case a maniac brandishing an ax).
I have always wondered why these killers do not save much time and problems and to continue the person they finally aim to kill.
After the beautiful first scene, the film degenerates into a monotonous series of those who were annoying you were the-one-but not just-someone is scary.
These are always accompanied by strong bursts of music.
I suppose that sudden and net musical agreements are what passes for terror these days.
The real killer will attack each third musical explosion at around each third.
The slasher appears, the attacks, the victim is eviscerated and the tedious cycle appears again.
False fears should always be used in moderation.
Someone has to tell Blanks directors that things like this are simply not as frightening as before.
This film commits the biggest sin that a horror film can commit - it is not scary.
Remember the shots of the horror film that were so merciless in _scream_ and _scream 2_?
This film always adheres.
Tons of illogical moments; more than I really have the tendency to list.
And I don't want to say illogical in the sense of the summer popcorn film.
This type of illogical can be fun.
This film insults your intelligence more times that I do not remember.
The last 20 minutes degenerate particularly in such madness that you will laugh more than you shout.
In fact, you don't cry at all.
To its best, the game can barely be called "adequate" and the script could certainly have used a rewriting or two.
The film always manages to have strengths.
The killings are certainly inventive and abundant enough for most Gore satisfy fans.
There are intentionally funny moments.
 (These were exceeded by involuntary.)
The film is well done from a technical point of view.
In addition to the first part, there is also another good scene, an extended pursuit of chat and mouse in a radio station.
If there had only been more sequences like this, it was based on tension and suspense rather than on music gusts, _urban Legend_ could have worth your money.