More than 40 years ago, a Japanese production company called Toho introduced the country of the rising sun to Gojira, a reptilian creature of immense proportions created by the nuclear tests of humanity.
Flight of Fancy, partly comments on the exploitation of atomic power and weapons, Gojira emerged from the ocean to terrorize Tokyo.
A year later, Gojira was marketed in the United States by adding three things: a new name, a lined English track and Raymond Burr.
As Godzilla, the film took the rest of the world.
Thirty years later, Toho has redone the classic film and did it again on the American market by adding the same three things (yes, including Raymond Burr) and called it Godzilla 1985.
Now he is 14 years after the remake of Toho, and director Roland Emmerich allowed the Giant Lizard to do a first American race.
In Emmerich Godzilla, Matthew Broderick plays Dr.niko Tatopoulos, a biologist who is called upon to join other scientists from the South Pacific student already the existence of a super mutant induced by the influence which leaves fingerprints of the waistlivingrooms.
When the mutant reptile suddenly appears outside the Hudson river, Tatopoulos and the rest of the team are relocating to the United States.
Meanwhile, the girlfriend of the Tatopoulos college, Audrey Timmonds (Maria Pitillo), works in New York as a assistant to a survey journalist.
She would like to be a journalist herself, and when Godzilla arrives on the ground, she thinks she is her big break.
Of Race, with the Big Guy Running Amok in the City, Niko and Audrey are Bound to Cross paths, and Are Joined by Victor "Animal" Palotti (Hank Azaria), Audrey's Trusty Cameraman Friend, and Phillipe Roche (Jean Reno), Anoperativeof the French government, whose nuclear tests have started the whole problem in the first place.
Together, they try to find and destroy the surprisingly elusive Godzilla.
With the resources of the most sharp special effects houses and the weight of one of the country's first film production companies, you might think that Emmerich could make a film really deserving of Godzilla.
He did not do it.
Just up there with the lost world, Godzilla is one of the greatest disappointments in recent cinematographic history.
The intrigue is almost what we expect: the great creature similar to dinosaurs comes out of the water and begins to break in New York, and it is up to our heroes to understand why this thing is on its outburst and howIt can be arrested, while the military tries to bring down the creature.
The script, however, is painfully bad.
He is loaded with so cheesy lines, they do not even belong to B films, and includes many actions of characters that make you think, "idiot" or "you stupid girl".
I suppose that when you have a film with a giant lounge lizard in New York, any other semblance of reality also comes out of the window.
Why does Godzilla overthrow certain buildings by simply brushing them, but is conveniently capable of jumping at the top of others?
Why should helicopters follow Godzilla by stealing dangerously between the buildings where they can lose sight of it, when they could keep it more easily by flying a little higher and in a straight line?
Why the Sidewinder missiles, which have small explosive warheads, explode whole buildings when they miss Godzilla?
Why is a mission to bomb Madison Square Garden carried out by three F-18 hunters, when the flights of these planes are still made up of multiples of two?
Okay, maybe the last one was a little picky, but hey, I was on a momentum.
Broderick is generally a good actor, but in this film, he is weighed down by an uncompromising character and an atrocious scenario that seems to fight against him at each stage of the path.
Hank Azaria does what he can, but do not expect to see the development of the promise he presented in the bird cage.
Like that of Broderick, the character of Azaria Ter simply lacks color.
What really bored me was Maria Pitillo, who actually takes the bad script and aggravates with her game.
The cast had to be asleep on it.
The only luminous point here is Jean Reno, who seems strangely integrates well into a role which is often comical, quite contrary to what we seem to do in the past.
Although his character is contradictory with the disaster that takes place, Reno brings a style to the role of Phillipe which makes him pleasant.
Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of the other incongruities.
The whole film is ironic and seems to pay tribute to a dozen films that preceded it.
The result is a significant quantity of parody, which contrasts strongly with the threat of the monster, and ends up producing a waste.
Most of the characters seem to be there for comic relief, and almost none is intelligent enough for the public to take seriously.
Although Emmerich obviously wanted to make an image of fun action, what is the use of millions of people in a CGI creature whose ferocity is undermined by the humans he threatens?
If we cannot take the characters seriously, the threat to which they are faced with is empty because we just don't care what happens to them.
Godzilla just pumps too much in his attempt to be a lighter film than it should be.
Far from me to want to see more carnage in theaters, but here is a giant who crosses the city!
There are necessarily many victims, but instead, Godzilla is afflicted from school after school. I.
Joe's cartoon syndrome, where almost everyone seems to come out of the danger just in time.
In some scenes, Godzilla briefly breathes fire.
None of the characters even notes this capacity, and it is not used for a particular advantage of filmmakers.
It's as if the special effects just wanted to show that yes, Godzilla can do it, as in the old film.
Consider another punch drawn.
Thanks to the creative writing of scripts, you can make a continuation almost any film, but the final scene of it does not simply leave the door open, it opens in a corridor leading directly in aPiece where Godzilla II patiently waits.
It made me want to gag.
Emmerich should have eliminated 90% of humor and jokes and played it as a right action film.
With an intelligently written script, Godzilla could have been so much more.
However, by confusing the spectator with a ton of supplements and parodies, the film ends up being something that simply does not work.
Now, if they had only Raymond Burr ....