Plunkett & Macleane marks the beginnings towards Jake Scott, brother of Ridley and Tony.
Naturally, it worried me.
Is Jake's talent inherited from Ridley or Tony?
If he came from Ridley, the film would be a thoughtful suspenseur with an action launched.
If he came from Tony, it would be Wham Bang Drivel.
Unfortunately, the latter is true for this worthless image with little charm.
Carlyle and Miller are the titular highways, Plunkett (Carlyle) who is poor and unruly, and Captain James Macleane (Miller) a gentleman coupé.
As the slogan clearly wants to make known, they fly the rich and nothing else.
The film mainly follows the Holdy Hold-ups on both floors, as well as romantic interludes with Lady Rebecca (Tyler.)
Mr Chance (Ken Stott) is hot on the two tails (Ken Stott) who wants to see them dead.
Plunkett & Macleane is a boring little film that serves little goal.
Although undoubtedly smooth and fast, there is very little merit contained in the film.
Carlyle and Miller are fun enough as a nauseating mouth pair, although their characters are criminally not developed.
It seems that a large part of the money has been spent on sets and expensive costumes, but not for the script.
The five (!) Scècheurs (three credits) produced a film still born: there is very little development in history.
In addition, major events, such as Mr.The discovering who is really Plunkett and Macleane, are so precipitated that they have barely produced.
The story is a little in disorder, frankly.
The performances are not bad: Carlyle and Miller are typical guys, but Liv Tyler is a huge disappointment as a love interest.
Her irritable and healed performance comes out like a sore thumb, and I didn't quite know what accent she was trying to put on.
She looks good, however.
Alan Cummings is more interesting as Lord Rochester Campy, and although his character is nothing more than a gay character in two -dimensional comedy, he seduces it well.
Ken Stott is properly bad as chance, but again, he is nothing other than a flat character.
I did not particularly care about the arrival of the predictable death sequence.
Although a disappointment in writing and a minor success in the theater, the film certainly seems sumptuous, with good costumes and wonderful sets.
But the design of production alone cannot save a film, especially a film as bad as this waste.
Jake Scott would be more suitable for making a clip rather than this failed update of a period drama: the only update seems to be the fact that everyone must speak dirty, with `f* CK this '' and `` stand and f * cking deliver "splashed everywhere.
MTV edition and management are sufficiently flash, but at the end decidedly empty.
Plunkett & Macleane is a massive disappointment.
Although somewhat pleasant during the rooms, it is so light that it could float from the screen if it was not only images on a coil.
There is no thought, no development, no intrigue, just a series of manic modifications and eccentric camera angles to call on this film in Gen-Xers.
Although this is an excellent idea: update a period drama towards the MTV generation: its execution is horrible and was more likely to excite it.
Sloppy and occasionally without waste, it is difficult to recommend Plunkett & Macleane as a film, but easy to recommend it as a vacuum clip.
Give him a lack.