Are you like me?
Are you annoyed to see people speak on their cells in public places, shout aloud, do not give a rat ass on anyone around them, and fundamentally simply wallow in their own importance?
Well, if you are, you will probably agree with my note from this film because it essentially offers a trio of boring ladies who bicker on the phone for an hour and a half ... only to make up for and hugthe end.
AAAAAAAAHHH ...
Land: Three adult sisters living their own separate lives, begin to restore their communication lines when their dear old father falls ill.
Critality: it would be a good film if it was not the fact that he does not have very little to say, presents nurses sharing boring telephone conversations, is scary with bad actor moments andemotional satisfaction that any third order Special School.
And I'm nice!
The way it hurts in the way, but I am happy that Ephron sisters are finally treated a professional blow, since the level of regurgitation of their equipment had roughly reached its limit.
The only real emotional moment demonstrated between the character of Meg Ryan and his father in this film is when he hits her in his arms and balances her in a Christmas tree.
Wow ... how
deep .
Of course, the same Christmas piece that is played in each Ephron film presents itself in the background, while the characters continue to build "links" between each other by referring to old and picturesque or picturesque films orto movie stars.
Stop me ... I am
I'll cry again!
This film is a waste.
The characters are boring and irritating to watch, the plot has something to do with three selfish sisters speaking a lot on the phone, in a way to love their father (but not really), then to finally make the error in their manners,While sharing an "emotional" email on the film stars of the 1950s.
Admittedly, I was not expecting much of a film whose television trailer presents Meg Ryan shouting every two seconds and a big dog that rolls my eyes, but even I was surprised by the level of nonsenseWhen it was some of the acts of actor made in the film.
Meg did well as a sister who cries a lot, the air as adorable as ever, but someone please put Lisa kudrow in a permanent limited range house, because this woman is essentially this same character as'She plays in each movie / television program in which she is.
Already enough!
And Diane Keaton had to spend more time thinking about her role behind the camera in this one, because her game was at best amateur.
Neither convinced in "emotional" scenes.
Admittedly, they gave Walter Matthau the best lines in the film and that's probably where my three -point note comes from.
Overall, this film is not funny (unless you are the type to laugh in the train wrecks), does not provide any drama (unless you consider noisy telephone conversations), generates absolutely no emotion (althoughI torn when Meg has embarked on a coffee in his Brasmachine) and ends with a perfectly pretentious note ("Oh no, please don't take any flour on my Donna Karan dress!).
UGH.
I suggest that all the ladies take their husbands / boyfriends to see this film if they are pissed off on something!
It will learn to play with you!
Oh and besides, Mme.joblo also compared this film to a piece of cow dung that fights in the wind, then there!
Then again ... maybe
You'll like it .
 :)