Mulholland Drive succeeded very well at the Cannes Film Festival.
As you can see in the note, he did not do very well at me at the Toronto International Film Festival.
It may not be clear for the spectator why I am so negative on this film during most of the duration of the execution.
In fact, it is an interesting mystery story told about the context of the Hollywood film industry.
Towards the end of the film, I think everything that has been built collapses.
The film was to be a pilot for a television series, but the writer and director David Lynch did not sold his television driver and I think he decided that he wanted to do something else with it.
Something else is what he did.
The film opens with a woman (played by Laura Harring) about to be killed in a car when a car accident saves his life.
She moves away from the accident with a concussion and finds herself a bungalow with a unlocked door to sleep.
Meanwhile, the young Betty (Naomi Watts) arrives in Canada Hollywood.
She wants to build an acting career.
Betty is a little surprised to find a sleeping woman in the borrowed bungalow.
She doesn't know who is the woman.
She is even more surprised when the woman wakes up and does not know she herself who she is.
They repair on a name Rita for her, but do not know if this is good or not.
Meanwhile, local director Adam Kesher (Justin Theroux) has his own problems.
He tries to launch an actress for her new film and obtains the pressure from producers and crime personalities to launch someone else, Cammie Rhodes (Melissa George).
These two sons are joined by a third in which there is a strange and comic murder which is terribly bad.
There is also a strange character called the cowboy (Monty Montgomery) adding to the confusion.
In what was probably intended for the television pilot, the film opens with great dynamism showing the dancing style of the 60s under the credits.
Lots of Mulholland Drive is starting to have fun.
Lynch wants you to know that he could make an elegant pleasant film.
He just chooses not to do it.
As with any film by David Lynch, there is a strange material added for little reason.
There is no earthworms, but there are resolutely strange touches of David Lynch.
The film is a bit long for the subject.
Towards the end, he enters heavier scenes of violence and sex, clearly not intended for the television pilot.
Unfortunately, some of the most important comments to make on this film would be spoilers.
I will not mention them in the main body of the review, but I give Mulholland Drive a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.
Mulholland Drive Spoiler Warning.
I evaluated this fairly low film.
You should only read this after seeing the film or decided that you will not see the film.
David Lynch is largely a dark satirist.
Most of his work is done in familiar genres, but somehow shows their underside.
In Mulholland Drive, I think he laughs to the detriment of the genre of the criminal film.
What he does with this film is (are you sure you want to read this?)
Playing the expectations of the public that there will be a simple explanation for what is happening.
The 80% of the film, he tells a simple story of a multi-thread crime with dotted clues.
Then suddenly, in the end, he turns the story on his ear with a large number of clues that seem to add to something.
The wait for the public is that she will add up.
But he gave clues that are self-contracting.
Lynch wants the public to argue what he saw later and proceed with theories.
In fact, the pointers are significantly contradictory and until I hear a better explanation, I think Lynch simply plays a joke.
There is a visual curiosity that was popular in the 1960s.
Mad Magazine called him a Poiuyt.
Other sources called him a tri-tone U bar.
Look at the small portions of it and makes sense.
Look at the whole figure and he does not .
This film is, in my opinion, the cinematographic equivalent of a three -part U bar.