M: I-2, the continuation of mission impossible, is a budding film James Bond, but it does not even manage to get closer to this film in the mind, humor and entertainment value.
He tries to be a spy / romance film, but without any suspense, the film looks like a prolonged advertisement for guys who think they look cool in disposable sunglasses.
It is a film that prefers technical gadgets to all that is human.
The coolest thing about this film was all the holes in his story and the most banal thing in the film, was the use of doves throughout the symbols of peace.
The film plays as if it were a wet fantastic dream of technicians' violence.
With the exception of the choreographed action sequences, the film was dull for three quarters of its time, filled with too many dead points in its history to arouse the concerns of its wooden characters or the superficial romance which wasdeveloped.
As for the action scenes, they may well seem to those who are converted to violence in their films, but their advertisement for sadistic responses, is simply less than the violence of cartoons, which makes very difficult to'Sit and applaud without feeling put off by free cruelty seen.
M: I-2 opens and closes with action scenes at rapid rhythm, but it is difficult to go beyond the median part which simply drags in the banal dialogue.
The film seems to have been invaded by a computer virus at that time.
The only thing that awakened me was the horrible music composed by Hans Zimmer which became very noisy in one of the supposed action scenes of the film and seemed to make an uninteresting scene even more visible in the wrong direction.
It is a mega-buck film adapted from a popular high-tech gadget television series.
But his artistic success is an impossible task to accomplish because he hired the bad director and the actors to play it, and he failed to produce a story that had a substance.
John Woo ("Broken Arrow" / "Face / Off") is good for caring by car, combat choreographed with outdoor flips and kicks in the kung-fu, photos of two pistols and explosionsFire, but it can just seem to manage dialogue and suspense.
The star of the film and co -producer, Tom Cruise, and his romantic interest, Thandie Newton, are bad sick.
Cruise is not James Bond and looks more like a yuppy than a superhero in his elegant long hair and his harmless smile, while he tries to win this macho role, while Thandie is not a girlof action-film, and looks like a waterfish in it.
Their romance did not work, not only was it lukewarm and not sexy, but it was not convincing.
The film opens with dizzying speed, perhaps in the hope that a confusing audience is its best bet for success.
We will be instantly in three different places: Sydney, the American Southwest and Seville.
First of all, we are in Sydney, Australia, where a scientist with a muffled Russian accent, Dr.nekhorvich (Rade) mentions that he created a deadly killer virus called Chimera and an antidote for that.
He also mentions that each hero needs a worthy villain.
Which explains the mythical theme of the film ... as
We are entering the world of comic strip myths on good and evil.
Whoever played the villain, Dougray Scott, does it in a unidimensional gruff tone, who did not distinguish him in this role.
At least, if the film obtained the good part of the villain, it could have fun with this nonsense.
Soon, the diabolical scientist is on an airplane talking to someone he confident called Dimitri, but then the plane is taken up by terrorists who put him on the automatic pilot and crush him in theRocky Mountains.
Before they crash and parachute, the one who pretended to be Dimitri, turns out to be Sean Ambrose (Scott), a rogue member of the IMF, which is a CIA type clone.
He steals the packaging with the antidote, takes off a latex mask, which is a replica of the hero of history, Ethan Hunt (Cruise), which had already passed Dimitri to the scientist and had thus won his confidence.
Sean and his group of terrorists put this attack because they plan a viral plague on the world, then to sell the victims the antidote at marked prices.
We have already seen the gadget of coat masks used opposite / OFF and in the original mission impossible, which was complicated as an intrigue that this film was always a film superior to this suite.
Woo has executed this coat mask routine in the ground, because it is used so often in this film by both sides, so much so that it blurs all the differences in ethical characters between the good guy or the bad guy.
This gives the impression that anyone could be another character, which deforms the reality of the film and prevents the film from having a lot of meaning.
Then we are in a mountain range in the American southwest, and Ethan is on vacation, suspended by his fingers while climbing and looking cool, when a helicopter with his boss Anthony Hopkins on board, BookVia a rocket launcher, a pair of speaking sunglasses.
Hunt learns that his next mission is to recover the Chimera package and he is authorized to choose two regular IMF agents to help, Billy Baird (John Polson) and Luther Stilell (twenty rhames), Luther performing a computer with high gadget, but heHave a jewelry thief named Nyah Hall (Thandie) to join his team.
It is said, as an incentive to recruit it, all its criminal charges will be abandoned.
Hopkins then disconnects with the slogan: this message is self-destrura in five seconds.
In fact, with the departure of Hopkins, it is this disposable film that was self -destined at this stage.
In Seville, Hunt recruits Nyah in the team in the middle of a robbery of jewelry and a subsequent car prosecution, where he almost runs his Audi sports car on the side of a mountain road.
He also falls in love with her when it was supposed to be a business affair and learns that she is precious because her ex-girlfriend was Sean Ambrose and that he always wants the F * CK.
The IMF team then injects a localization traceer chip to locate Sean so that she can do it, while she leads them to her hiding place in the seaside of Australia in which he shares with his cohortWicked, the South African, Hugh Stamp (Richard Roxburgh).
Robert Towne, the screenwriter, who contributed to the first "mission", which is known for "Chinatown" - writes an colorless pedestrian script, which does not even manage to be funny in a camp.
Terrorists, who aim to govern the world, are interested in having 51% in a biotechnology company and obtaining action purchase options, as they plan to infect Sydney with the virus and ask their business asSell the antidote, ensuring that they will make billion stock.
Ethan comes to the rescue of the world and Nyah, with his only conflict being which is more important to save first.
Ethan does this Sauvetla how to transport the virus goes through another person or from the vaccine needle.
Ethan saves her by making stuntmen on a motorcycle, using kicks, winning a shooting, throwing a complete supply of John Wayne from grenades on terrorists, doing a little more of this little coat and coating mask andBy being completely intrepid and larger life, while he kicked everyone.
If I was only entertained by that ... I
Could have lived with it.
But this film was so poorly made, that it was like watching a film in a basketball match, seeing only the slam-dunks, but with the game itself excluded from the broadcast.
In any case, it is a film to the test of criticism, and, in all probability, will do well at the box office, because it was done to call on all the demographic data that find com Mercial Ventures like this one easy to buy.