The way of the gun is full of surprises, some good, the worst.
One of the vouchers is the surprisingly decent performance of Ryan Phillippe.
After the actor attracted a lot of attention by posing and linking through the Swill adolescent as I know what you did last summer, he hinted a little growth in the cruel intentions of theLast year with his fun game John Malkovich meets the performance of James Spader, although his game in this filma fogled around the third act Mark, precisely when the scenario made his character grow (probably to call on his braTraining bearing fans) and starting to approach the way he had fallen in love with his "target".
It was a dramatic change that neither Phillippe nor the director of the film could negotiate.
But it seems to try and it should not be overlooked (or probably too rented) by seeing how, at this stage, it is really not necessary to do much but looks pretty.
Here, Phillippe has acquired five -day growth in the beard, his hair hair and its modified effect to look like something like James Cagney in all his "looks here, see" Glory.
It is hard to believe a pretty boy like Phillippe like a hard ass, but his performance actually helps in the illusion.
Unlike the approach of Ben Affleck's puppies in Rennes Games, Phillippe is credible and not too bad for that.
As for the intrigue, well, it is one of the unpleasant surprises; Phillippe and the great Benicio del Torro play two moronic criminals (and not even from a distance) (which are presented to us in the parking lot of a rave whereThey stupidly choose a fight with about twenty people) who hatch a plan to kidnap a substitution mother (Juliette Lewis) after hearing that she is carrying the painter's baby (Scott Wilson), a very well connected rich man.
The removal is transformed into a laborious shooting where a lot of damage is caused and many are killed.
But the anti-heroes escape with the woman while a hitman (James Caan) and two complete bodyguards (Taye Diggs and Nicky Katt) remain in pursuit.
Directed by Christopher McQuarrie, the screenwriter who won an Oscar for his work on the usual suspects, a piece of crime overrated in many circles (this one included), Way of the Gun is a meli-melo of Thriller patternscriminal who only denote the familiarity of the eyes and the ocular familiarity.
Unlike Phillipe, McQuarrie does not seem to grow at all; he fills his film with a sprawling labyrinth from the plot all torn from films that I know that I saw before and worse, that's how it is.
The film even misses a new approach (like what Soderbergh has done out of sight or Limey) to its shot, which are all spit in front of us in an image that desperately tries to be connected and granular without worryingto notice how common it is.
He presents characters living by a code that they seemed to have taken up in Sam Peckinpah 101 rather than any thing that looks like life.
Even attempts at emotional weight feel tense in an absurd scene where enemies James Caan and Benicio del Torro stop on their traces to take a cup of coffee and pontificate on life, philosophy, etc.A lot liked the song when it appeared for the first time in the heat, here, it is even more consciously "dramatic".
The usual suspects, which also presented a lot of low lives which seemed to live by a code they learned from films, worked to some extent because of this amazing end of the touch.
Nowadays, an astonishing turn in the end is essential, it doesn't matter if it judges everything that has been passed on to it completely without consequences.
Thus, almost all the characters in the manner come with at least a small dirty secret (the most amateur projected before appearing) and he also has an ironic turn at the end (nothing terrible, as in the usual suspects) butI admit, I am not seeing him coming and I smiled.
However, most of the film is exactly like the interrogation scenes between Palminteri and Spacey in the usual suspects: many fake buttocks and puffs Without rhythm or reason.
or substance.
It is just as overhanged as the suspects, and often dull as any film too traced without interesting characters, a distinctive style or a good script.
Even good things, most of whom involve James Caan (doing a good job), feels strange and out of words in a film that thinks that lines like "Karma is only justice without satisfaction" are intelligent.
At one point, Caan deplores "the need is the ultimate monkey" a line so inexplicable that he could have said as well "love is like Hippopo's ass".
I saw porn with a better dialogue.
And some with better intrigues too.
But rarely, porn has offered such a talented distribution (I mean, can you even compare James Caan to Ron Jeremy).
It slips into this role with an apparent ease, he could make this kind of hard to say to the soft voice in a coma, but he manages to give his character the depth and weariness.
Benicio del Torro is always welcome, although he plays it quite straight (rather than another creation of bizarre characters like those that the actor gave us in the usual suspects and excess luggage), adopting a pout quizicalBrad Pitt-Esque to accompany his Lourdfanfaron.
Speaking of Pitt, her ex, Juliette Lewis, is a weak link, shouting her lines with a crisis of ear breaking, by dandinating herself like a silly goose.
Nicky Katt was brilliant in a brief role in The Limey, here his role is just as brief as it seems wasted; he is only kept for his cold presence.
Taye Diggs has a similar function, cool like never, but never a character, although the guy has a helluva death scene.
For the most part, it is constantly spoken without any reason to give the ass of a hippopotamus on anything that is transformed because its characters are never more than simplistic pawns.
It is vaguely Tarantino-ish, but in a bad truth and consequences in the manner, with Phillippe, in a scene, jumping into a stupid diatribe on the "fagots" migrating to Los Angeles.
You know the routine.
The final shot is the pure basement of the John Woo affair (which itself seems to make the good deal John Woo) with interchangeable bad guys who argue to be turned.
But these shots crack like thunder.
The other day, I was watching an old dirty Harry film on the cable and I was amazed to hear the growing sound of the weak elephants that emanated from Smith and Wesson fetishized by Harry.
Oh how far we came.