"From the director of" The Nightmare Before Christmas ", he said in the glimpses, which, I suppose, was said that people will see the film, it did not work because the film of 75 millionDollars has not yet broken $ 5 million.
For everyone, however, because "Monkey Bone" is not only a bad film all together, but technically well done.
A tragic waste of talent and incredible visual effects.
Sta Miley is the genius behind the new "Monkey Bone" phenomena a raw comic strip, that everyone wants to walker, they also go to big links to obtain it, including dollars who let Peter powder escape.
When Stu and her girlfriend, Julie (Bridget Fonda) is in a bizarre car accident (you will see) STA is in a coma, and while in her coma, Sta goes to Dark Town, where all the characters of DreamSir tothe life .
People are stuck in this city, with their nightmares wandering around them.
When MONKEY BONE (whom he really can't stand), he tries to keep it under control.
By making a new friend Kitty (Rose McGowan), he learns that if he gets an exit pass from death, he can go up and live his life.
When the monkey bone and stole a pass, the monkey bone becomes a merchant and takes it and goes into the Stud body.
Now, the Bone monkey must bring everyone to buy these dolls with nightmare powder, so everyone has nightmares ... or
something like that .
"In fact more complex (in fact more than it should be)," the monkey bone "had potential in the script and even history.
What is considerably noticeable are the gaping route holes and the lack of development of character.
For example, we really don't know who is Stu or Julie, so why should we even worry?
Kitty played well by Rose McGowan ha a story behind her, but we are not lucky to know her.
The casting is however decent, Brendan Fraser seems to have fun in the role of Stu Miley, but becomes terribly boring when Monkey Bone takes control of his body.
Bridget Fonda is dreary and seems to put the film to a halt that screams, her performance is bad and she seems wrong.
Dave Foley is not enough to do so, as well as "Megan Mullally of" Will & Grace which can be funny.
The remarkable performance is the voice of Nick Turturro as a Bone monkey himself, he is very funny and entertaining and really prevents the film from being a total bust.
The special effects of "the monkey bone" are what could really bring curious viewers, these special effects are very effective and pleasant to look with the eyes.
Some of them are credible and some incredible ... for
One of monkey, he seems to be like Stuart Little, you really do not realize that he is animated ... but
On occasion, he sneaks you on you.
The management of Henry Selick is good, but sometimes he does not know what kind of film he wants to make, and the final peak falls from the cliff.
It's a shame that "Monkey Bone" could have been a very good film, but with his highly done hacking work, and the lack of character development, it simply flows when the role of end credits.
For those who are curious, however, it could be worth it, but other than that, avoid it.