(DreamWorks SKG) Walking time: 2 hours with Robert Duvall, Tea Leoni and Elijah Wood directed by Mimi Leder the first of the two asteroid films that releases this year (the second is the Macho Armageddon) is actually a dull business.
Elijah Wood plays Leo Biederman, who during the astronomy class discovers that a large asteroid heads towards the earth.
Tea Leoni embodies a journalist (rather shit), Jenny Lerner, who soon discovers this asteroid through a very long and boring way, and Robert Duvall plays the leader of a space team, Spurgeon Tanner, who plans to explode the asteroidfrom the Terre de la Terre.
Morgan Freeman is also the president, and Maximilian Schell and Vanessa Redgrave as the father and mother of Jenny.
While many people will enter the film by expecting a big feast of special effects with the asteroid that explodes everything (as the trailers seem to promise), the film is actually more a character study, if itis very poor.
The main problem is that there are too many characters in the film, and not enough time to explore them all.
Only the space crew receives depth, Jenny Lerner, Leo and the President are surprisingly 2D, and we never learn to know these characters.
And because I did not care about them, I did not really give myself shit if the asteroid killed them or not.
The script by Bruce Joel Rubin and Michael Tolkin is horribly simple and never really makes interesting statements.
Mimi Leder, former director ER and director of the average The Peacemaker (1996), again leads in a Ho-Hum style, and never really gets from a scene, which is a shame.
The actors are apparently on the automatic pilot, although Tea Leoni has a fairly good performance, even if it acts a little too silly for its own good.
She seems unusually stupid for a journalist.
Robert Duvall is on the automatic pilot with a subscribed role, he just seems to be in this film for money.
Elijah Wood, one of the best children actors working today, is surprisingly average, although his choice of roles has recently been brilliant (i. E.
Flipper, 1996).
Its role is also largely subscribed.
Morgan Freeman, once again, is completely wasted with a ridiculously subscribed role.
Like Duvall, he just seems to be in the film for money.
The support cast is all O.K, none of them feels.
Ok, so a deep impact may have spoiled the character, but the special effects are surely good?
Well, yes and no.
Although the special effects are impressive, with a massive tidal raz destroying New York, the special effects look, finally, special effects.
Unfortunately, the waves seem to have been drawn on the computer and do not seem too beautiful at all.
Surprising really, when the effects are made by Industrial Light & Magic, which has made the effects of the lost world and Twister.
In the end, Deep Impact is a wasted opportunity.
What could be a moving film with good effects turns out to be a failure in the characters and the effects.
The 2 hours of the film could have been used for much more effect.
Again, DreamWorks produced another average film.
Hopefully Armageddon is a little better.
Global evaluation = exam by David Wilcock Web Space provided by Geocities