Steve Martin shines but the sgt.banko
fails to impress
Based on the SitCom of the 1950s, the SGT.
Bilko follows the old -fashioned conversion fever chain.
Remember the film Brady Bunch or the Beverly Hillbones released?
 (Brady Bunch was a moderate blow in the United States while Hillbillies collapsed).
I don't really know if Hollywood minds are missing good ideas or if they are simply lazy, but television conversion films hit our screens like forest fires, sad to say, with a mixed success.
Such films are mainly intended for American viewers, because they are generally the following series there and the more what follows is, the more the sitcom will be likely to be transformed into a film.
Sgt.
Bilko (frankly, I did not see its original television version), even with the charm and the wild buffoon by Funnymen Steve Martin and Dan Akroyd; did not manage to entertain.
Sgt.ernest Bilko is the man behind the engine pool (place of storage and repair of vehicles) in Fort Baxter.
Although totally unskilled in the field of work which he is supposed to be in charge, he has an almost superhuman capacity and a zeal to sniff money opportunities; from the management of a gaming den in the military garage to the pools4-D.
Although materialist in mind, Bilko's methods have carefully "enriched" the life of the men of Fort Baxter, providing them with a form of real leisure activities in the camp and people love it for that.
Colonel Hall directs all the fort and thanks to his innate "well -designed" state, Bilko managed to hide his operation, although almost all the living people of the fort know it.
Bilko's state of ascent is suddenly under fire when the Pentagon sends Major Thorn, a difficult cookie on army regulations, to verify the progress of the Hovertank project of $ 70 million, a new weapon duringdevelopment in the field of the fort.
To add to his problems, Thorn is determined to bring Bilko to the retreating of a major "sabo" on him by Bilko during their younger days in the army.
Director Jonathan Lynn, who directed my cousin Vinny (in which Marisa Tomei won an Oscar for the best supporting actress) managed to draw the SGT.
Bilko with an appropriate rhythm and exceptional laughter moments, but that's about it.
There are really not enough moments packaged on laughter in the SGT.
Bilko to completely entertain the average film buff.
However, the SGT of Steve Martin.
Bilko is played with finesse and full-fun by the famous actor.
Without him, the SGT.
Bilko would have just fallen flat on his face.
Sgt.
Bilko has successfully succeeded in the American box office at the start of this year, but I doubt that it earns a lot elsewhere in the world.
The current trend in mixed successes in such television conversions can really be a disguised blessing; at least, it will force Hollywood to rethink one of his initial intentions to transform another television idea into a film or at least approachThese ideas with more creativity.
Unless you are a fan of the television series or like to watch Steve Martin in action, you can ignore this one when you decide which film to catch in local theaters.
I'm sure there are better around it.