Jackie Chan is making his way in the territory of Van Damme with Twin Dragons, an embarrassing action comedy of erroneous identity.
Chan plays Boomer separated at birth and John Ma, whose radically different paths ...
AW, forget the description of the plot, it's not even worth space.
But let's face it.
No one goes to Jackie Chan's films for the plot anyway.
The scenes where nothing is happening in Chan films has still not been more than speaking glue to maintain the action sequences together.
In the case of Twin Dragons, however, the boring intrigue driving scenes move away a large part of the film you want to scream (at the risk of degrading the artistic value of cinema), "bring to the right part! "
Most of the film is devoted to showing the brothers' efforts to hide the existence of the other from their own knowledge.
The reason why it is necessary to do so is not explained satisfactorily, but these are not many aspects of the plot.
Interests in love with twins, the Barbara club-sing (Chan-Film regular Maggie Cheung) and the vigorous bride Tammy (Nina Li Chi), are disoriented throughout the hubbub, but do not seem strangely to what they are notsure of knowing what theFrère they are in love with.
The scenes describing the awkward bouffons of the boys are stretched so thin that we stop worrying about who Chan is supposed to be in a given blow (in several strokes, in fact, even the makeup and the hair that people seem to forget which brother iswhich.).
Even the so-called humor of Chan, that is to say, is offset in this outing.
Some gags are so carefully harmless that they are boring.
An example: whenever someone sees the brothers together, they fall to the ground in a weak evil.
Do we still laugh?
As usual, the final confrontation is the jewel of the film, a display tour de force of agility and the grace of Chan.
It does not matter that it is not clear how the brothers end up fighting the wicked adapted in an automotive crash test installation.
It's very fun, but too little too late.
Maybe Chan's next film should be a collection of the latest combat sequences of all his films.
They could call him Jackie Chan the final combat scenes, and everyone returned home happy.
Examined on April 14, 1999 at Loews Theatres White Marsh, White Marsh, Md.