At first, I was intrigued by the strange cast and strange creatures on the trailer of Galaxy Quest, but it was before seeing the film.
Now my point of view has completely changed.
It's time to kiss for the impact, because it is a very mater walk.
The story begins with the distribution of Galaxy Quest, including: Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen), Alexander Dane (Alan Rickman), Gwen Demarco (Sigourney Weaver) signing autographs during an agreement.
They meet fans who dress in costumes, fans who love the field on which they walk and a group of foreigners called thermians who believe that they are the ultimate saviors against the formidable extraterrestrial colony led by Sarris (Robin Sachs).
Of course, they do not know it until they really start to exercise their functions and meet the extraterrestrial villains themselves.
Thus begins the long adventure to help save the thermians.
The film plays like a very bad episode of Star Trek, in fact, it's worse.
I don't even think Trekkies will appreciate this weak parody, because frankly, it's just not funny.
All the jokes are essentially collected from the observations of the series.
Such a continuous joke implies a simple crew member who believes that he will die in space, because no supplement in the television show never lives, as the Star Trek series proves.
Creative jokes like this may seem an intelligent idea, but not when they are used to death.
A person cannot take as much.
We don't need to be tortured, especially when you have to pay for it.
It's quite bad anyway Tim Allen is pitiful.
It is not as if I expected that a performance worthy of Oscar forms it, but some laughs would have been useful.
Speaking of play, 2 beautiful talents were also wasted.
Sigourney Weaver was there to show the neckline, at least it worked.
It is quite bad when the only entertaining value of the film is the cleavage.
This shows you how shameful the film is.
Alan Rickman, however, was not so lucky.
After his last blow (dogma), he embarked by doing this sloppy waste.
It's just a shame to see talented actors and actresses throw their ability.
When the film was unable to get worse, fortunately, beautiful special effects appear.
Like many large blockbusters (Armageddon, the haunt to name only a few), they count strongly on the effects to help stimulate the results of the film's box office.
Times it works, but unfortunately, we have to pay hard -earned money and suffer from this garbage.
When will he stop?
I am tired of being sucked in to see such trash cans.
It may seem good and dandy, but we must at least have a story.
Is it too much to ask?
Obviously this is the case.
When Galaxy Quest finally ends, he literally crashes.
Aside from the impressive creatures of industrial light and magic, it is an embarrassment for distribution, and it is embarrassing for the kind of science fiction.
It is not at all fun, nor entertaining.
The only place where this film belongs is infinite and beyond.