Chill Factor is a carbon -speed copy with a notable exception: instead of a speed for speeding, we now have a truck of ice cream.
The truck is led by Arlo (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and Mason (Skeet Ulrich), who was invited by a dying scientist to transport a fatal chemical weapon to a military base named Fort McGruder.
This particular weapon (nicknamed `` Elvis '') must be maintained below a temperature of 50 degrees, otherwise the shock wave goes all within a radius of Mile.
It would be pretty mean.
The power of Elvis is revealed in the opening scene, as Dr. Richard Long (David Paymer) is testing on an isolated tropical island.
Long makes 18 soldiers accidentally melt and almost the whole island, due to an extremely poorly calculated security distance.
The commander, General Brynner (Peter Firth), is sentenced to 10 years in prison for the murder of his troops.
At his release, the general intends to follow the good doctor at the bottom, to tear off Elvis and to sell the weapon to the most international offender.
Protecting the spell of the world is a dripping hamburger (Ulrich) and a fiery ice cream delivery man (Gooding Jr.), who must escape the men from Brynner and put Elvis safely to Fort McGruder.
Meanwhile, of course, they should keep the weapon below 50 degrees.
It turns out to be delicate.
Among the wild adventures, Arlo and Mason that participate is a trip to a mountainside covered with trees in a boat, and a fist on a moving vehicle.
They also break a few tens of full -minded aftershocks that we are supposed to find fun.
To put it simply, I will use an intelligent play on words: the cooling factor must be put on the ice.
Director Hugh Johnson has mixed elements of speed, Broken Arrow and the series of Lethal weapons to create a lifeless bland cocktail of a Chase film.
When there is occasional action, the public seems strangely detached.
It is perhaps because we have already waded through a basin of clichs and boring dialogue; all the materials that have been used before and with many more spices.
Take the bad guys, for example.
These are stereotypes typical of all the terrorists who have ever traveled the silver screen.
They speak of the lines that have been recycled abundantly from one film to another, disclose the important details of the plot while holding their enemies under the threat of a weapon and act in a very predictable way.
The Gooding Jr. and Ulrich label team seems much more exciting than it is.
Frankly, I'm not sure I can accept Cuba as an ice cream man.
I guess it is better than dressed as a giant hot dog, selling Jumbo Francfurters in a street corner.
Gooding displays a single emotion in this film, which is often exposed in lines like "I will get on your ass as the underwear of last year! 'And the incessant spray of` oh, sh * t!'
He was practically the same character he played in Jerry Maguire and as good as possible.
But where Gooding was once an exciting actor, he now seems dull and endless monotonous.
At least, it is a little more captivating than Ulrich, which has the whole worst dialogue of the film, but does not do anything notable to animate his character.
The distribution of support, which includes all the personalities you are waiting to appear, is also wasted.
To be fair, there are some brief moments of action in service.
And I grove several times.
An example is when Ulrich (an employee of the "Darlene's dinner") is at the counter when Brynner crosses the door.
"Do you have this place? '
The general asks.
"Yeah," said Ulrich.
"They call me Darlene. '
These small pieces of humor are (mainly) welcome in this weak and disappointing wreckage of an action film.
As a speed clone, he could have benefited from much more suspense and perhaps (God preserves us) even a decent writing.
Unfortunately, I moved away from the cold factor that asked me how fun it could have been.