The work of the film critic is to see a film and write a criticism of this one that tells you what it is and why it is good or bad.
I feel a little embarrassed to admit this, but I saw "Get Carter", I can really tell you what it is that I can continue indefinitely how and why it is a bad film.
 "Get Carter" falls into this category of films that continue to be made for unknown reasons to anyone outside a Hollywood board of directors.
You could call them "Steven Seagal / Mickey Rourke / Jean-Claude Van Damme / Wesley Snipes School of Mediocre Action / Crime Thrillers".
You know - the potboilers which are heavy on the fighters, the shootings and the car prosecution, but really light on the plot and the development of the characters.
They have stories where the so-called hero continues to meet characters who have a link with one of the other characters who are all antagonists without reason to be in the film other than to give the protagonist someone toBeat, continue or shoot.
Sylvester Stallone plays the role of Jack Carter, an Enforder Mob based in Las Vegas who returns home * for the funeral of his brother.
He believes his brother? Richie was "withdrawn" and did not die from an accident in Dwi.
Carter is one of the most clichés ever captured on Celluloid.
His face alone is quite intimidating and there are a lot of scenes in which he rely on both regular citizens and criminal lowlives by looking at them and speaking with confidence in his voice "rambo-on-testosterone therapy".
Stallone's performance in this film is so forced and unnatural that he does not realize that he makes fun of himself.
The real story implies Carter's investigation into the death of his brother Richie.
He is in a city that is not his, but in a way, the best local dogs know him very well.
Mickey Rourke Co-Stars as one of these characters, a kind of crime boss who has something to do with the management of a porn website and to make a young internet magnate sing (played by AlanCummings to research and act a lot like Pee Wee Herman).
There is also another plot involving the mistress of Richie, a secret CD-Rom with condemned and disturbing evidence on this subject and something terrible involving one of the parents who still live Carter.
I ride my eyes just thinking of trying to criticize all of this in a way that could be understandable from a distance.
I could simply tear the script in tatters, as well as the management or the publishing or the production values, but that would require a discussion on almost all the stage in order to explain everything.
I do not like to put spolers in my criticism intentionally or accidentally.
Yes, "Get Carter" is just complicated and complex.
And what is worse is that it is not so complex to make it appear intelligent "the usual suspects" for example - just the opposite.
You have the impression that whoever wrote this script did it in short intervals spaced from afar and they probably did not remember what had already happened and did not understand how each scene would lead to the next or howThe main points of the intriguetrail towards the peak.
All you really need to know is that most of the film is only Carter scenes that find a supposed scumbag or witness after the other, asking them what they know, obtaining information and performingThat if he was not a complete idiot, he could have been in the first five minutes.
Although the supporting characters are themselves just as stupid because they tell him everything that comes back to haunt them in a violent or another.
Make a film entirely on criminals does not necessarily mean that they must be not very friendly and shot cutting characters.
Mel Gibson played in "Payback" a few years ago which had a story that does not look like it, but had such a good scenario that you could not help like it even if it was aGuy as bad as Jack Carter.
So, finally, "Get Carter" fails for almost all the arguments of sale.
Carter I is not a nice character and you really don't care if he takes revenge or not.
The action sequences are not at all exciting or original.
The enemies and their massive conspiracy do not threaten at all (come on, you know who will win each fight and shooting and continue by car).
In the end, you don't feel almost satisfied with the results.
The filmmakers did a good job by doing just as non -original as possible.
 * The city is never mentioned by its name, but I suppose it is Seattle because all the cars have Washington license plates and it is still raining.