By Starring in Amy Heckerling's "Clueless" Two Summers Ago, Alicia Silverstone Proveed She was just Another Pretty, Pouty Ingue, Showing a Buoyant Comedic Craftiness that blew all previous Jobs - Namely a Stint aerosmith Girl and A Silly Turn AslaLolita fatal of "crushing" - out of the water.
Her only work since this 1995 jewel is in "Batman & Robin" in June, where she overwhelmed the subscribed role of Batgirl.
Now she is the star and producer of "excess luggage", a desperately phony film which shows how a poorly composed story can lead to an interpreter who is also solid at her level.
Emily T of Silverstone.The hope is stuck with a billionaire father (Jack Thompson) who neglects her emotionally.
In a bizarre plan to win her affection, she simulates her own kidnapping - Emily uses an electronically disguised voice to call her father and put an expensive ransom, ties her legs together and her mouth closed with adhesive tape and locks in the trunk of'Shebmw.
But before the police could "save" it, the professional car thief Vincent Roche (Benicio Del Toro) Jimmies the locks, films the engine and reproduces with the car and Emily, who is still trapped in the back.
When Vincent discovers Emily, the two do not strike him exactly - she agile, he agile, and in the opinion of his partner as a viscous car seller (Harry Connick, Jr.), He decides to drive her to themiddle of nowhere and leave it there.
Along the way, of course, they embark on a whole bunch of problems and realize that being together is the only way to get out of their sticky situation and dotted with crime.
This does not help the things that Emily and Vincent are dragged by cops, crooks and even his shaded uncle Ray (Christopher Walken), who is wise to the stratagems of his niece for attention and has mafia connections.
For at least half an hour, "excess of luggage" rebounds quickly and effectively.
Meanwhile, Emily and Vincent Sport engaging personalities as well as a beautiful inverse role - she is a terribly aggressive combative victim and he is completely the ravable, apparently vulnerable.
But once he has exceeded his configuration, the situation suddenly becomes without involvement when history is trying to be too much at the same time.
A road film, a comedy for adolescents, a thriller of the crowd, a drama on family relationships - you call the cliché and "excess of luggage" probably covers its territory.
Of course, a romance develops between the two tracks, but everything seems forced, and therefore the characterization is manipulated to provoke the result ultimately happy.
 "Do you like my belly?"
Emily Coos to Vincent at some point in the film.
eh ?
Did I miss something?
The GRRRL with hard and coarse ones has suddenly left and replaced by a pair of goo-goro-soft eyes.
Here again, "excess of luggage" becomes so weak in so many areas that the personality transplant is not a total surprise.
A support cast trying to do what they can with colored but empty secondary roles, but the film is not enough game to use them all and therefore seems overcrowded.
The motivations continue to change, resulting in an often confusing story.
The existing history ramp confuses things even worse and adds to the growing list of unanswered questions.
 "Excess of luggage" has too many characters, too much plot and juggling with an arm behind his back and a trembling hand remaining.
I loved the Tour of Silverstone in "Clueless" as a Beverly Hills, pampered, inspired by "Emma" by Jane Austen.
By looking back the skills she showed for comedy there, it is easy to justify any high expectations or enthusiasm that I had gathered for "excess baggage".
Unfortunately, however, "excess of luggage" is not "distraught".
But, on the other hand, he is distraught.