This is the first film of what would become the most successful series of horror films of all time.
A good warning to those of you who could be inclined to watch this film for the first appearance of the favorite homicide maniac of the favorite goalkeeper mask.
Jason, the guy who alone controlled the overcrowding problem around the Crystal Lake region, does not start his quest to find the most interesting household article to kill someone until the rest.
Although he has a small role in this film, we, the public, must depend on another blood thirsty for blood to accumulate the number of bodies.
The intrigue, like both Friday 13, does something like that - Crated Killer murdered as many unpaid teenagers as they can perhaps in the space of a 90 -minute film.
The reasons why adolescents without distrust are in contact with the bloodthirsty killer are generally unimportant for history.
But for those of you who could really worry about these trivial questions in a film like a plot, here are the basics.
A bunch of adolescents without mistrust get a summer job in a summer camp closed for a long time.
These are days far from the arrival of children and they spend their time repairing the place and ensuring that it is ready for children.
Unfortunately, they start to be massacred one by the bloodthirsty killer.
At this point, I generally said something about the quality of action, staging or perhaps something about the high quality of production.
As I will not do this, do not hesitate to assume that if I did, it would not be positive.
I would say that this film seems to have been made for a hundred dollars, and that includes the salaries of the actors.
If you are used to recent horror movies like Scream, you are a little surprised.
The only saving grace for Friday the 13th is that it was really the first of its kind, the killer was really proud of their work.
Using as much murder methods as possible.
None of these unique weapons of murder does only the life of the leather surface without imagination in the chainsaw, or the muffled creative imagination of Michael Myers of Halloween which has just used a raw force or a very large kitchen knife.
No, in Friday 13 films, you can always count on the killer of his work.
A fun fact about this film is that the casting includes a very young Kevin Bacon, although after this film, it is surprising that he has ever worked.
The main reason to see Friday 13 is if you want to watch all the series from the start.
Otherwise, stay with subsequent films with Jason, everyone's favorite hockey fan.
Friday the 13th is the kind of film that is fun to sit and make some fears, do not sit much while waiting a lot.