For about twenty minutes after Mission Impossible 2, the director John Woo (the killer, the hard boiled, face) seems to have made an exciting, elegant and charming spy thriller, a kind of post-millennium james bond adventure with aAmerican attached (read: not sophisticated) Hero more willing to drop the bad kicks than the foxes.
Unfortunately, as the image progresses, the final product begins to look like an episode of two -hour swollen Magyuver.
And not particularly good for that.
What did not go well?
Mi2 begins quite flashy, this initial flash leading us to believe that it will soon give way to an intrigue, but that only makes room for more flash, then deviates further in a parody probably involuntary of itselfWith a lot of Slo-Mo-Posturing and innovative action parts in which the bad guys deliberately seem to deliberately jump in the path of Tom Cruise shooting pistol just so that they can die really cool.
At the beginning, during a car prosecution soon for lovers Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) and Nyah Nordoff-Hall (Thandie Newton), Woo works part of his brand magic.
In a hypnotic sequence, although completely inexplicable, the director slows the action in languid semi-stable while Cruise and his astonishing opponent look in the eyes of one and the other with sexuality ??? just like their carsrespective break and turn in accordance, approaching so close to overthrowing a neighboring cliff.
Before that, we see the famous trailer of climbing cruise on a steep mountain, without scaffolding, then jumping from a rocky formation shredded to another.
Why ?
I don't have the smallest.
I doubt that even John Woo can provide you with a logical response.
With Mi2 Woo has become a slave to the summer cinema machine, the one who throws logic for effects and history defying gravity for more effects defying gravity.
It is possible that these "spies" can be addrenaline drug addicts climbing mountains and crashing into each other as means of descending, although this is never explored.
The scenes that I described are only really included to tickle, do not give an overview of the character.
God forgives.
Woo certainly knows how to make each test game energetic, but they remain individual parts without connecting to form something other than spares of beer visuals.
Still in terms of candies for Crackerjack's eyes, the opening has a lot to cherish.
Cruise and Newton meet for the first time during a vigorous flamenco dance featured several Woo Welcome devices (the slow gratious movement talent of the synchronized movement juxtaposed with the romance of scene 1 of two attractive individuals discovering how muchThe other is attractive).
Between frantic dance, Woo trains his camera on Cruise and Newton as they do with sensual visual contact.
The scene is a little excessive in a clip of good Jovi around 1988, but he has style and something soul, and Woo throws a little on us.
Of course, they are all smoke and mirrors, but we can see that there is a talented maestro behind this particular product.
Thandie and Cruise later meet in a bathtub in a scene which is half as charming as the Jennifer Lopez \ George Cloony Trunk meets out of sight.
They flirt and exchange obvious double hearing.
Newton beats his eyes bluntly.
Cruise smiles a little too sneakily.
The cruise character, Ethan Hunt, has been radically changed since the first film.
Here, Cruise plays him more like a hip dynamo than the square jaw robot he came in part 1.
It is cool and dashing, which is precisely the kind of role in which we want to see navigating after having looked at her sleeping in the eyes wide closed (which could well be the longest episode of Red Show Diaries never committed to filming), and made its way through Magnolia (probably the most surface performance in the 90s).
Unfortunately as the film progresses, we see fewer cruises Initial "I am the man!"
Charm and more close -ups of his line of line.
The MI2 collapses at almost all levels of its third repetitive act, which is essentially a one hour action sequence which will simply not stop.
The whole starts with a totally generic firearm battle (the first fire -weapon fight in the film), which should really be unknown in a film by John Woo, but alas this particular battle could have been stagedBy anyone, from Renny Harlin to Joseph Merhi (of course, except the "symbolic" pigeons that seem to find their way in each image of John Woo).
We have all seen guys sliding on the floor at Slo Mo while pulling a pistol in each hand.
It doesn't do it differently here.
The action is the pure hard target \ broken arrow theât without anything to propel it, but the apparent need to see Tom Cruise Drop Kick face fewer bad guys while his hair fucks elegantly in the wind.
It is cool for sure but it is done to be as empty as the film.
The actor is not so much used for his childish call as for his chopped gaze; he smiled narcissically in the camera at any time, whether during a shooting, before one or after one.
When he does not shine, he looks at the lens with cold eyes trying to appear crazy like hell, but the edition of Woo seriously undermines the effort.
He fetish the angular face of Cruise with such joy that he turns into a parody of naked pistol style.
I half expected that Cruise takes off his mask and reveals that he is really Austin Powers.
In a classic Woo action moment, Ethan Hunt struts in front of a fiery door by looking at the bad guys in his setting as a pin-up death angel.
The shooting turns into a daring escape which turns into an imprudent mission which turns into a motorcycle attack in which the bad guys seem to be incumbent directly so that Cruise kills them as a kind of mass suicide ritual (a stupid bastard even jumpsHis bike on the pistolettoting Cruise, essentially inviting our beautiful hero to shoot him in the air, which he does).
The main villain (played by the appropriate British Dougray Scott) and Cruise face in a mentally deficient chicken game ??? on motorcycles.
Although instead of jumping on the side at the last moment, the two adult men jump directly into the other giving a hug at mid-air, only to fly about a hundred feet (still in the bear hugs), land on a beach in below and start a Mano-e-Mano fighter which ends with the villain who pulls a "so you thought I was dead ...".
Don't worry, Cruise takes care of the problem without even sweating.
What a hero!
You may have noticed that I chose not to describe an iota of the Mi2 plot.
My reasoning is simple: I'm not sure he would do.
The film itself has absolutely no concern with history, only to rush to the next "special" effect.
I did not please when I told one of my friends that Mi2 had less plot than the average Aerosmith video.
No one will go to this for the intrigue, and if they do it, they will surely regret it.
As the summer films evolve (or dedicate) the character and the intrigue are increasingly reduced to almost nothing.
In Mi, the intrigue seemed to be built around stylistics by Brian de Palma (director of this film), while in Mi2, the intrigue is only used to give us an intermittent break of the non-stop masturbatory pandemonium of Wooo.
It is out of words in all directions, just like character.
Everything that matters are these annoying smoke and mirrors.