The slogan of this film is: "Some houses have just been born badly".
So I didn't expect that too much.
But I had kept a small spark of Ope by entering the theater.
I thought: Liam Neeson, Cathrine Zeta Jones and Jan de Bont.
I thought, Mabe will it be fun?
And in fact, the beginning was rather intriguing.
But in the end, I thought: why Liam Neeson and Cathrine Zeta Jones, Jan de Bont?.
These great actors are fundamentally helpless in this confused mess that defies all rationality.
Here is the story: in the monstrous manor too decorated under the name of Hill House, visitors are deceived by an unknown doctor (Liam Neeson) being guinea pigs in a frightened experience under the stamp of an investigation into insomnia.
Among them is a sophisticated bisexual (Cathrine Zeta Jones), a cynical dope (Owen Wilson) and a gentle and emotional woman (Lily Taylor).
In fact, the doctor seeks the "primordial fear reaction" and intends to plant disturbing ideas in his subjects and look at what's going on.
But he obtained unexpected help from the house itself.
This rumbles, hums and sparkles remarkable sites.
Portals become eyelashes of venous glazing.
A chimney guarded by stone lions is failure like a sinister mouth.
Filmed cherubs minds take shape under inflated sheets and curtains.
But the computerized spoketeria rarely feels real, placing an emotional wall between the public and the screen.
The second half of the film mainly concerns the main heroine who goes back and forth from the sinister lamps and evil furniture.
Is it exciting or what?
The worst thing is that it shouldn't be bad.
He is based on a big book, `` The Haunting of Hill House '', by Shirley Jackson.
An adaptation of 1963 of the book was frightening and intelligent.
He played with the biggest fears of our sub-consciousness.
 "The Blair Witch Project", which costs less than an old car, has managed to shock and terrify the public with their senses.
And with a mill of $ 70.
Budget, from Bont and the scriptwriter David Self has a hatching from a perfectly charming piece of terror.
De Bont has such an offline cinema style with the material that it is, in itself, scary.
He is the master of the extravagant special effect and the large rush to visual adrenaline.
But why give it more serious equipment?
In the end, "obsessive" will only haunt his nascent studio (Dream Works Skg) and Bont's career as director.
However, it would not be fair to say that everything is bad.
The effects are really impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated - beautiful, mysterious, magical and frightening.
But that's where good things end.
The music is skyrocketed, the floors moving, the cantilever of the ceiling and the images on the walls that howl - and all this, every second, every moment of screen time, is absolutely lifeless.
It is nothing more than a special effect-extravaganza; thriller visually impressive, but intellectually hollow that simply does not commit.
At first, you don't know what's going on.
Is that part of the experience?
Are they hallucinations?
Subconsciousness projections?
paranoia?
But in the end, it shows that it really happens.
The house is really possessed.
It is then that all your hopes for good entertainment disappear through the window.
Forever, I sat in anticipation of a decent culmination point and is that what I got?
I think Hichock said one day that "it is better to wait a highlight than to see one".
This can be true, and it could actually work, but there is only one problem - Jan de Bont is not Hichock and the things he shows are not frightening, only stupid.
They are impossible to take seriously.
All the parales that you may have heard before, connecting this image to Kubrick's "The Shining", are absolutely baseless.
 "Shining" had a class, a style, a story, a game, but especially talent and originality. "Hantiner" has only special effects and an artistic direction to boast.
And these elements alone are not enough to make it a good film.
Breaking up good actors for small pale games is only getting things getting things.
But I suppose that no matter what me or other criticisms say or write, most of you will see this film anyway, even if the slogan would say: "Some films are just born stupid".