Nicolas Cage offers an ingenious survival mechanism for his role in the wink in the wink.
The sequence of opening credits presents Cage as Cameron Poe, a veteran of the Gulf War found guilty of involuntary homicide guilty and purged eight years in prison after an unhappy fight.
The prison scenes are accompanied by voice-over in which Poe, in a south-south sled, describes life in prison to his wife at home and offers simple homilies for the girl he has never met.
If the scene gives you familiarity tickling, it should probably.
Cage seems to realize that Con Air will be completely weak and ridiculous, and that it will have to do something to have fun.
And so he slips into a familiar surreal role as their own comment on the procedure - Cage plays Cameron Poe as a refined version of the elevation of H.I .Mcdonnough.
Cage should have known what he was happening in.
He obtained a pay check from Jerry Bruckheimer last year for The Rock, and if there is one thing on which you can count from a production of Bruckheimer (even without his late partner Don Simpson), C'is that you can count to see everything you have seen in the _last_ Bruckheimerproduction.
The critical difference between rock and con is cage performance.
In the rock, Cage seemed to have time for his life to jump into the scrum of action for the first time.
This feeling of discovery has been replaced by an irony self -awareness.
While the intrigue of Con Air finds a conditional liberated aboard a diverted prison transport aircraft whose goal is right to go home, cage's goal is different but just as simple: get out of the filmWith a certain intact dignity.
The public should also know what they are launching with a production of Bruckheimer.
In fact, marketing people are on it.
Person who hated rock for his repetitiveness of Juron-Grunt will be converted by Con Air; person who loved the rock for the same reasons will be dissuaded.
Director Simon West (yet another television commercial author torn from Bruckheimer's advertising equivalent of the Sodab fountain of Schwab) provides exactly the type of adrenaline / testosterone cocktail which could launch a conference of endocrinology (he is perverselyappropriate that a condé sympathy spends most flights from a diabetic coma;
What he does not deliver is a moment of suspense.
A Bruckheimer's film has no use for the notion of Hitchcock according to which you show the bomb under the office creates a more interesting scene than exploding the office; a big office really, very well_ and a big bomb really, really,Very well will serve the goal.
If West or Bruckheimer were interested in real tension, they could have done something with the most frightening configuration of Con Air.
During a desert stop for loading the aircraft of the convicted plane, the serial killer Garland Greene (Steve Buscemi) walks in a caravan park where he meets a little girl who organizes a tea in a drained swimming pool.
Their head-to-head is strange and threatening, offering a welcome change of tone and giving Buscemi a chance to stand out in a cast with too many bad guys (Danny Trejo, twenty Rhames and a John Malkovich, characteristic reptilian).
In fact, Con Air generally opts for too much when the smallest measure of the restraint would have been an improvement - too many characters, too much editing, too many punching lines, too cheap and ugly gules to machismof Bruckheimer's efforts.
It is this kind of exhausting excess to which Cage responds with his detached performance.
While Malkovich opts for the scandalous and John Cusack (as Marshal U.S.) goes seriously, Cage seems to want to sleep.
Its recycled performance of the elevation of Arizona is a means of escape, its Chase after a plush rabbit, the continuation of its pursuit of this large box of Huggies.
This does not increase well for the appearance of cage opposite / off later this month; maybe he already realizes that everything he can do in action movies is more the samething.
There is a word for people like you, Nicolas.
This word is called recurrent ... Repeat
offender.