Back in February to the monthly comic strip of the comic strip and science fiction in Los Angeles, the new line cinema made a sumptuous presentation for its update on the big screen of the Science Fiction TV showCult of the 1960s lost in space, with appearances in person by Castingles Members Mimi Rogers, Matt Leblanc, Lacey Chabert, Jack Johnson and even Gary Oldman.
This should have triggered my warning alarms - the last time that a presentation of an extravagant film took place at the Convention was almost five years ago, while Arnold Schwarzenegger did a camée in person to pedestal...
Last action hero.
But no, like millions of others, I bought media and "Got Lost" threw.
If only I got lost - literally - on the way to the theater and I spared myself in the boredom of this slapded success.
You may wonder if the director Stephen Hopkins and the screenwriter Akiva Goldsman were themselves lost when they made the film.
During the convention, Goldsman claimed to be a huge fan of the original television series, and if it is really the case, I would hate to see what he is doing with the concepts that are only interested in a slight interest.
To say that his scenario lacks narrative cohesion is to imply that there is a story to start - which is certainly not the case.
After the configuration, in which the Robinson family - Father John (William Hurt, looking and thinking as spaced as in the interviews), the mother Maureen (Rogers, Gaspillée), the girls Judy (Heather Graham, idem) and Penny (aHeavily invented Achabert, resembling a junior version of Neve Campbell in Wild Things), and his son Will (young newcomer Johnson, by drawing the best party) - and the Don West pilot (Leblanc, making a bad impression of Han Solo)They themselves lost in space after their ship is sabotaged by Evil Stowaway Dr.Smith (an Edulcoe but still made oldman, taking a pay check and loving every minute), the "flow" of the events of the script becomes so fragmentedAnd random that it seems to be compensated as it seems - and Hopkins makes people do what is happening with the slightest interesting piece.
They meet another ship.
They climb on board.
The extraterrestrial spiders attack them.
They return to their ship.
The other explodes.
They land on a deserted planet.
And so on .
An attempted plot involving time travel occurs in the third act, but Goldsman does not seem to understand the rules that accompany the use of such a history device; when the past of a character dies, thefuture incarnation inexplicably lives.
The look and effects should be lost in the ace in the space hole, but Hopkins even manages to build this.
For a big budget film, the visual effects are incredibly of poor quality.
In a composite background plan, I could see the blue outline around Oldman; the different digital effects of the spatial battle scenes look like ...
Digital effects.
But nothing in these shots is as unconvincing as the jaw as Blawp, a monkey -shaped space creature that becomes Penny's Pet.
Completely generated by computer and each centimeter showing it, Blawp seems to be lifted directly from a Sony PlayStation game.
Apparently, Hopkins thought the same thing and has desperately tried to hide it; how can we explain the grain of composite shots of blawp with human actors?
But in doing so, the seams are even more obvious.
You must be seriously weakened visually so as not to be distracted when a granular plan of Penny and Blawp is immediately followed by a solo reaction in Crystal of Judy.
The new line hopes that Lost In Space will become a big franchise a bit like the longtime Star Trek milk cow in Paramount.
I do not think so .
In a few years, the film Lost in Space will probably not live as a series but as the dark answer to a question from Trivia: which film ended the reign of 15 weeks of Titanic at the top of the weekend box office?