Violence is bad.
The violence is ugly.
Violence generates even more violence.
Children, don't try it at home.
This weight message is not the only obstacle to enjoying brother, but it is certainly one of the older ones.
Written, directed by, and with the infamous brother Takeshi Kitano (Kikujiro, Sonatine) is his first film made outside of his family Japan, bringing the Yakuza tradition to Los Angeles.
 (Yakuza translated for the average American is the Japanese mafia.)
If you can be a member of the "family" or if you dishonor yourself in any way, the usual punishment is the public demonstration of self-mutilation, generally resulting in the loss of the members.
A definition of dishonor can be anything, to make a stupid decision to leave a family for another.
It would be interesting to know where these customs and others come from.
Unfortunately, the film does not give too many explanations, assuming that its audience is aware of Kitano's previous work.
There are several plans which focus specifically on detailed tattoos that have spread throughout the back of the members of Yakuza, which led to supposing that they would be symbolic of something, but you never know what.
Then there is a scene in which a man kills himself in front of a rival in exchange for this rival by joining the family.
Admittedly, this is one of the best scenes in the film, but it doesn't make much sense.
Instead, the two hours are mainly devoted to looking at the following: people go out and shoot themselves, talk about it for more than ten minutes, then go out and start again.
The discussion always repetitive on the territory during these moments involuntarily causes the yawn.
There are also details of the route for any identifiable purpose.
Suddenly, Yamamoto (Kitano) has a girlfriend.
He barely speaks it, treats it like shit, then returns it.
Another missed opportunity, given that it is a big problem for Kitano to bring its magic to the United States, is the combination of cultures, which depend too much over-controlled stereotypes.
Although moving slow, the brother has good elements.
The action scenes are well directed, clearly defined and interesting to look at.
Part of the violence is more lit than that shown, which produces the succulent tortillage for which we will see such films.
The actors would be more attractive if they had more to do.
Shirase's sarcastic freshness (Masaya Kato) of Shirase against the discreetly threatening attitude of Yamamoto is really an entertaining combination.
Their moments together or separate the rest of the show.
Also on his credit, his brother approaches the cause and the effect of crime with realism.
A crime life is easy to succeed with the first fast money reward.
Of course, people become rich, but they can also lose just as easily.
It is a great moral, with a large cast, but not a lot of substance to save it.