The filmmakers will use all kinds of stuff to expand and brighten up a dull, dull and overused idea.
Doug Liman (Swingers), director of ultra-hip comedy and very dark Go, is an example of such a filmmaker.
In his last time, he gives viewers a noisy and lit background with neon as director of photography and indicates that the public on a infested path of Misaventure drugs as a director.
But he fails to find a parallel structure in his film on several levels and he does not connect with the public at any level, bringing the value of his efforts to zero and the value of going roughlyeven.
His film is produced in an anthology style - telling the same story of several (three) points of view, just as an author could write a novel in series.
In accordance with this ethics, Liman and screenwriter John August offer some overlap at the start of each story and insert brief connections to other stories.
The thread that laces the three stories together is a drug problem and the events thereafter.
In history A, we have the clerk at the checkout, Ronna (Sarah Polley) who seeks to mark rent money and turn to drug trafficking to do so; in history B, we haveAn ordinary drug trafficker Simon (Desmond Askew) went to Las Vegas by giving Ronna his opportunity; and in history C, we have actors from Gay Zack (Jay Mohr) and Adam (Scott Wolf) working under cover under coverFor the police to conclude said drug problem.
None of the three stories has much substance, and the film has the feeling of a story of campfire (although quite strange) which could be told in five to ten minutes.
 (In fact, the film was originally a short film entitled X extended to the length.)
The release date of the beginning of April is too wrong to capitalize on the Christmas frame of the film, and the nightlife of Los Angeles / Las Vegas is something too far from the dominant current so that most lovers of theater S'attach.
The characters are superficial to the point of the prerequisite, and the performance of little -known players as Polley, Askew and Taye Diggs do not help or harm roles.
In fact, even larger names like Mohr, Wolf and Katie Holmes do not have enough time to succeed.
Although this is almost expected due to lack of continuous screen time, the success of the image should come from a thread that links stories.
Go doesn't have that, and he suffers because of that.
Regarding films for adolescents, Go represents the absolute background, because its constant flow of light and its indecipherable means nothing without a kind of common theme.
 (The following elements do not count as common themes: drug affairs, people who try to have romantic interludes with drug traffickers, people covering drugs for alteors or people not involved inTrugging drug trafficking.)
Sometimes the humor in Go is funny and in a low, almost observable night; but for the majority of its operating time and for most viewers, this film will be better left to the blockbuster teenagers on a Saturday evening.