Synopsis: The nice daughter Susanne has sex with her boyfriend Daniel in her car, visits the rich family of Daniel during Thanksgiving in their mansion in the middle of nowhere and has sex with Daniel in the basement again.
Susanne and Daniel must then decide where to hide from evil art thieves who shoot everyone in the manor to steal paintings.
Prepare for one of these painfully obvious "ends".
Comments: Thanksgiving.
For the most part, now is the time to be with your loved ones and enjoy a good homemade meal.
For manufacturers of the number of bodies, however, Thanksgiving is a moment for multiple murders, violence, blasphemy, family dysfunction and sex.
Boy, I feel all the more better after sitting through this shit.
Alyssa Milano, the former star of the child of Who's The Boss?, Mature to sludge made for empty like this film.
Someone somewhere thought it would be a great idea to associate him with the rapper Ice-T, who has since played in the Made-For-The-Sci-Fi-Channel series Welcome to Paradox.
It is not exactly a winning combination.
Apart from the ruin permanently a vacation for me, what can be said else for this turkey?
Well, that tells us that beautiful attractive women who look that struck Alyssa Milano falls in love with the Nerds who lead long -winged roads closed and complain of being English teachers.
He presents us with a Thanksgiving dinner comforting in the presence of rich alcoholic and stuck white awaited by black servants.
It shows us that the old people, try not to laugh, sit down and speak of "the attraction of postmodernism" during their free time.
And, this proves that you can have sex in your parents' basement when they have a dozen guests, and no one will notice.
Before going further, if a young man reading this has the hope of seeing Alyssa Naked, forget him.
The filmmakers intelligently rotate the simulated sex scenes in a way that ensures that you do not see any of Milano's attributes.
However, they inexplicably throw a scene where Ice-T whistles "Jingle Bells" after having killed people, for everything that is worth.
This film was originally entitled below Utopia.
Perhaps they should have renamed him from hell.
Avoid this Clunker.