M .bean, a clumsy security guard from England, is sent to Los Angeles to help with the return to the house of an American masterpiece.
The first two words should have said enough to let you know what's going on during Bean's trip to Los Angeles, but if they did not look because you are in a rather interesting if not strange conduct.
Heck according to your humor, you could end up laughing throughout the film.
Anyway, Look Out America Bean arrives.
Well, which can really be said about this film, there is very little perceptible intrigue.
This is not difficult to fight against the fact that it is a Slapstick comedy.
This achieves this objective rather admirably, but because it is that the intrigue is only shouting for help.
The premise on which the film is based is to say the least defective.
The film had its funny moments, but there was no real story other than something that could be thought of on a whim and transported and in many ad-free causes as you go.
Do not go in this pending film and a theatrical masterpiece.
But if this form of humor floats your boat, you will really appreciate this film, even if you do not like the humor of Slapstick style, you will end up laughing because something is so stupid.
The film comes out and accomplishes what it aims, at least it seems.
Now when you watch the game in this film, you have to think of two things, there was first a real game and how difficult it is to act in a Slapstick way.
Well, there was no real game in this film, but some of the Slapsticks were not the easiest I am sure.
I have to concede that Mr. Atkinson's game in this film is well done.
Although the role does not require the slapstick too much.
I think the character could have had a little more dialogue, it would have added a little to the overall effect of the film.
Now the rest of the film's actors, a bad game and a mediocre cast.
I think the role in front of Bean could have been better, seemed simply false for the film.
A different actor may have done a better job, but I don't assume that it was not what was trying to be done.
One thing I have to say, just to get if I am not from my chest, is that I think that the transfer of a sitcom on television generally produces rather disastrous results.
TV shows should do this online stay exactly, this will likely prevent some producers from getting ulcers.
I can only think of a few examples of television effectively on the big screen, the best known of these should be Star Trek.
Bean does not seriously manage to accomplish anything close to what this Gone Movie series has achieved.
Now, another thing that I must say again is that this film has restricted its target audience quite closely.
The form of humor in this film will not be appreciated by most people, these people will think as I did that this film is stupid and useless.
But if you like the television show, you might really like this film.
But to be sure, I choose to recommend that you save your money and not go to this film.
There are many films that are really worth seeing unlike it.