"America's Sweethearts" has an intriguing premise and a large distribution, but it is not as annoyed or funny as it should be.
Almost all the problems with the project go back to the writer Co-Script Billy Crystal, who shows the same lack of discipline with the scenario that he generally displays while co-hosting charitable shows "Comic relief" with Robin Williams andWhoopi Goldberg (two other paragones of self-comprelance).
Crystal ignores a simple, but crucial rule: for a comedy opposite, the characters must be placed in a rigid social framework, because it is only in this context that their unorthodox buffoonery will be humorous.
 "America's Sweethearts" takes place in a press junket, where the decorum must be maintained before journalists.
It is a promising configuration, but the scenario quickly blows rules, thus dissipating the tension of the situation.
At the end of the film, all the main performers participate in a huge fight with a room full of journalists who watch, but their explosions are only slightly fun because the structure has been destroyed.
John Cusack and Catherine Zeta-Jones play Eddie Thomas and Gwen Harrison, a duo of beloved actor whose wedding struck the skids when Gwen began to see Hector (Hank Azaria), a Spanish actor with an ego almost also pronouncedthat his lisp.
Of the last nine films that Eddie and Gwen have made together, six crossed the $ 100 million mark, but the prospects for their final effort, a space opus entitled "Time or Time", are far from pink.
While Eddie spent several months in a New Age rest clinic concerning the breakdown, the Gwen solo films have faded.
To worsen the material, the director of the film (Christopher Walken), a "visionary" who bought the unabomber cabin and made him move in his backyard, retains the studio's film, insisting that the firstprojection will be held in The Junket.
Desperate to win the press, the studio chooses to hire Lee (Billy Crystal), a recently dismissed publicist, to save the situation.
Lee hopes to transform lemons into a lemonade by convincing Eddie and Gwen to pretend to be on the road to reconciliation.
He called on Kiki (Julia Roberts), Gwen's sister, the personal assistant and the whipped girl.
What Lee does not know is that Kiki is in love with Eddie, a fact that could temper his effectiveness.
Press junkets are a paradise for control monsters.
The studios steal journalists from around the world and put them in a plush hotel, with food and drinks that are still at hand.
Generally, the evening of their arrival, writers are bus to see the film featured, then destroyed directly at the hotel.
The next day, writers go to studio after and meet in groups of five or six for round table interviews.
Every 30 minutes, a producer, a director, a writer or an actor is brought into the room for a few minutes of questions, a publicist hovering around to keep an eye on things.
The atmosphere is a cordial oppression? Writers are free to ask what they want, but understand that if the studio does not like a question, they may not be invited to the future junkets.
Representatives of television channels face even more restrictions.
They get approximately five minutes to interview each distribution and team member, the studio turning exchanges.
The "journalists" are known to launch questions of softball as they aspire the stars, but to play safely, the studios are ready to erase the bands if something unpleasant happens.
Placing two actors spoiled in a parameter where the image is everything is inspired, but the scenario saps vanity.
The junket is moved from the Hotel Four Seasons Handsome, but very confident, at a seaside resort in stuffed animals near Las Vegas.
For most of the film, the cinema stars flow around the sprawling field, completely sheltered from the press of the press.
When they deal with journalists, the "it is imperative that you Be on your best behavior in front of journalists "The premise is derailed.
Gwen and Eddie are insulted while the television cameras run, they shout in a restaurant filled with media and, when the film is projected, everyone connected with the film becomes crazy, all without repercussions.
Lee is certainly not embarrassed by any of the infant explosions; in fact, he makes arrangements on the images of behavior even more inappropriate to deliver to the tabloids.
Is the studio angry with its management of combative actors?
Surely not? They think that Lee is a genius to get as much advertising for the film.
All this underlines how Billy Crystal and Co-Scenarist Peter Tolan have messed up their own premise: comedy in "America's Sweethearts" is based on barely control people who try to contain themselves in the presence of journalists, except that it doesNot 'it is important that all advertising is a good advertisement.
And so the very configuration of the film implodes, leaving smoke and dust in place of laughter.
So what about casting?
Julia Roberts, to her best playing the oppressed, is completely charming here, although I could have lived without flashbacks that exist only as an excuse to show her a big costume (and not very convincing, by the way).
Catherine Zeta-Jones makes a credible kid and John Cusack suffers her obsessed character enough to make him vaguely sympathetic.
By launching himself as a publicist, Billy Crystal allows himself to do almost the same thing he does on "Comic Relief" - stay on the touch of action while throwing cornball jokes and sneaky remarks.
In support roles, Hank Azaria exhausts its rapid acceleration with large gestures and a Spanish accent that Speedy Gonzales would have deemed "too wide".
Seth Green is fun as a Toadia, Stanley Tucci is very good as a ruthless studio head and Christopher Walken plays the eccentric director with an appropriate flair, although he has little to work.
Come and think about it, "Little to Work With" is the operating phrase of this film.
As a Hollywood satire, "America's Sweethearts" is amazed.
As a romance, it is at best a minor pleasure.
Such a good casting, such waste of their efforts.
If he had not been taken a long time ago, a better title for the film would have been "a lot of noise for nothing".