If you have not yet placed your harshly won money for "Wild Wild West", Will Smith's latest summer vacation offer, let me tell now that your money will be better spent for a Starbuck Frappacino or on aBen & Jerry's Sunday.
These treats are a great relief from summer heat.
On the other hand, this film made me simmer with disappointment.
I can accept the fact that summer films tend to put more weight in special effects and that good stories and tasty characters generally take a rear seat.
It was true for Star Wars Episode I, but at least in this film, the story and the characters were always in the rear seat.
In this film, they are not found.
What remains are hundreds of costume male extras as Foppish Gunslingers and aristocrats, many female extras that look like Can-Can's dancers, and an 80-foot clumsy destruction instrument that looks likeA mechanical tarantula.
Two men are invited to arrest this threat.
One is Artemus Gordon (Kevin Kline), an inventor who uses his intellect and his range of disguises for better his opponents.
Among his creations are false breasts and the bulletproof vest.
The other man is Jim West (Will Smith), who prefers the shoot-inscet-the-Shoot-Plus-de-Me investigating.
Although their individual talents are combined to succeed, their interaction with each other simply seemed to be an act of Vaudevillian in two and two.
For example, there is a scene where the West, being more debonary than the reserved Gordon, notes that the false breasts should be filled with water rather than buckwheat, which is currently filled.
 "Now touch my chest," said West.
Gordon does so then slowly rolls his approval.
I found myself moaning this kind of stupidity.
The script does not generate any sense of drama, humor or pleasure elsewhere.
I appreciated the reserved performance of Kline, but I was surprised at the quantity of latitude they gave to Smith.
Could it be that Will Smith is so bankable that he does not even have to act?
It was as if the director shouted "Will Smith, doing your own thing ... and
action !"
Here is an example.
In this scene, Will Smith is about to be hanged by an angry group of whites.
He must have the crowd loved to escape.
The director shouts: "Will Smith, do your own thing ... and
action !"
In another scene, he must pretend to be a stomach dancer in order to save his comrades.
 "Will Smith, do your own thing ... and
action !"
Worse, the final battle scene aboard the mechanical tarantula is a horrible mess.
There are centers that turn and pulleys shoot and levers go up and descend wherever you look.
There is actually a lot of imagination at work in this film.
There are really intelligent inventions and gadgets introduced, but this whole imagination is wasted in a visually congested and dramatically flat film.
And it's a shame because if there was more concentration on the story rather than Will Smith making his "thing", this film could have been pleasant to taste.
It turns out that "Wild Wild West" is the worst wild and wild and receives my vote for the biggest disappointment of the year.