Hey, I have a great idea for a film!
Ok, here it is: we are going to ask Tim Allen to shoot angry faces for about two hours!
What is this ?
Does that seem too boring?
Ok, what would you say then: we always have Tim Allen draw faces for about two hours, but half of them are angry looks and half of them are "I am in pain!"
Looks!
What is this ?
Doesn't that still seem funny to you?
How about if we are going through an "Ewwwww!"
looks?
Still not funny?
If you answered "No, it doesn't seem funny", then (Ding Ding Ding!)
You are absolutely right!
For rich or poorer gold, an agricultural farce on a rich married couple (played by Tim Allen and Kirstie Alley) who seek refuge in a Amish community after their clumsy accounting (Wayne Knight, better known as Newman on "Seinfeld"of television) brought them into aproblème for tax evasion.
What follows is a serious and horribly achieved 114 minutes of hell of cinema.
What makes it all wrong is that no one seems to have what the film needs.
 .
 .
Note, talent!
Sifting, the married couple is Brad and Caroline Sexton (Allen and Alley), a popular snobbone who seems totally in love with everyone, but in reality, he is on the verge of divorce.
Just as their marriage seems to be suspended on his final thread, Brad discovers that his accountant, Bob Lachman (Knight), has embarked on illegitimate agreements in the names of the Sexton.
The IRS is accompanied, but like everything points to the Sexton and not Lachman, there is nothing to do.
 .
 .
Except to run away and join a Amish community.
The scriptwriters for the first time Jana Howington and Steve Lukanic give us a few moments to struggle, probably the laughter while regurgizing popcorn.
Alley is absolutely inaccessible, and the chemistry between her and Allen is about as credible as my duties of tenth year chemistry (which, I inform you, was total B. S.).
Allen and Alley are in no way convincing as a magnate, and they are not very convincing as a Amish couple!
All this film is a bad poor concept that should have been reduced from the start!
The Amish in this film are also fragile and unconvincing.
It is such an ordinary and stereotypical script that I imagine that the actors who were launched (noting that they are all televised predominance) were probably the only ones they could get!
Bryan Spicer's staging does not help either.
In fact, Listing Spicer's Filmography (which includes the first film "Power Rangers" and the big screen adaptation of Mchale's Navy) is more an insult than a Ro? Somme?!
Now that I have almost sank for richer or poorer in the ground, I will get you on the best thing on this subject.
He increased seven films of a notch on my list of films from "Worse" 1997.
It is true, thanks to this classification film at number 3 for the worst of the year, the six films are no longer as bad, and a smile like yours, which previously lived in place number ten, he did notmore to undergo the ridiculous to make monist of the ten bass.
If you look at him in this regard, because richer or poorer will eventually make someone happy after all!