My opinion on a film can be easily influenced by the presence of actors that I like.
I love Ralph Fiennes.
I love Uma Thurman.
I love Sean Connery.
Hell, I'm even a big fan of Jim Broadbent and Fiona Shaw.
I saw the fantastic overview for the Avengers almost eight months ago, and I have been looking forward to the film since.
A few months after the start of the summer, however, I noticed that her release date had been changed several times and that she had found herself in mid-August.
Then, in this last week before its official release, I learned that it should not be screened for criticism.
And that the actors had not connected the film to the late evening programs.
And that he was led by the same man who brought us the remake of Diabic.
My expectations fell into pieces when I learned all these things.
The film I saw today did not even meet these expectations.
It is a ugly and incoherent mess.
I would slam it stronger, if it was not for the clever sets and the simple presence of all these fine and adorable actors.
But the sets are ultimately empty and the performances are completely without inspiration.
This is the main problem with the Avengers: for everything, its waves of flash and hip-hop tide, nothing seems to be the slightest energetic or inspired.
It's like a chore, a bland exercise in making superhero films.
He also has the impression that he was cut into pieces, traveling 90 minutes and forgetting to close some of his own sub-stints.
It is simply depressing.
The Avengers is a cinematographic version of the popular television show of the 60s.
Frequent readers will not be surprised to learn that I have never watched an episode.
I was not alive then.
I'm not even watching television now.
I'm really sorry not to have this perspective, but, judging by the criticisms that I have already read, knowing that the television show aggravates things.
I did not know and did not like John Steed and Emma Peel, and therefore I was not as upset to see how these actors that I liked managed to rid their roles.
I also doubt that familiarity with the series would allow me to understand more clearly the chain of events that take place in this film.
On the basis of what the film told me, I bring together that Steed (Fiennes) is a kind of British super guy (a bit like James Bond), and that Dr.peel (Thurman) is just a really intelligent doctor,Who also knows a lot about the weather and people while being limited by tight leather combinations.
They must work together, under the mother's orders (the mother is played by Jolly Jim Broadbent, while her co-conspirator, Father, is played by the Fiona Shaw also talented).
It seems that there is a man who controls the weather.
His name is from Wyter (Connery).
He's a Scottish madman.
Our heroes better stop it, or.
 .
 .
Time will continue to cool until they "should go to hell to warm up" (one of the rare funny lines of the film).
Along the way, there is a secondary intrigue after a secondary intrigue, articulated with negligence by scenes which do not go anywhere, feel superficial and, ultimately, have no sense.
For example, our heroes are ultimately attacked by a swarm of giant mechanical insects with machine guns attached to their torso.
Now the killer bugs do not really go with the film's weather control theme.
The goal of insects, apart from destroying our heroes, has never been established.
They are never even directly connected to De Wynter (they are controlled by his madman, played by Eddie Izzard).
The special effects are not bad, but they are noisy, unpleasant and intrusive.
Like so many scenes from the film, it seems present only to prevent your attention from declining.
And I guarantee you, it will decline.
I stopped thinking about the story when I realized that it was not good to think.
The Avengers were clearly cut and suffered so many times that even the people involved could not tell us what is happening.
There are several scenes is in the overview that did not make the final cup.
In addition, many sequences have an irritating and granular film quality, which makes it appear on a low budget (the last scene is particularly bad).
The scenes that do not present the action should be electric, thanks to our wonderful distribution.
They are not.
The action scenes should be electric because it is an action film.
They are not either.
And what about this wasted distribution?
Oh, it makes me cry with disappointment.
We are talking about Ralph Fiennes here, one of the best actors working today, one of the best actors * of all time *.
I love the guy.
I loved all his films, to this one.
He seems to want to understand the film, but he is as lost as us.
And Thurman, in all his beauty and his spectacular talents, fail to look at home here.
 (I do not blame it completely, because there is a strange intrigue involving its evil twin which is never explained in any way, and it cannot be easy to face such a terrible script.)
Connery, however, seems the most distant, completely lacking in concentration or interest, moreover.
Who is to blame?
Is it the screenwriter, Don Macpherson?
Maybe I could see a shell in a story that could have been a good superhero film if it had been well managed.
Are they the actors?
For the love of God, not - these people have clearly lost all interest when they saw the inevitable path of destruction on which this film was traveling.
I blame the director Jeremiah Chechik, who shouldn't have been the task of starting.
His best film, Benny & Joon, is eccentric in the same way as he was supposed to be, but here, it seems that many attempts failed in spirit and humor.
Add to that a lack of experience in big budget action, and you have the worst choice for the director on this side of James Ivory.
If the Avengers have a saving grace, it is the design of the sets.
The sets (by Stuart Craig) are large, colorful and often pleasant to look at.
I like the final game, on the island of De Wynter, even if none of this has a little sense.
I admired the aerial view of the stairs, showing Dr. Peller pour in circles and never go anywhere.
I also appreciated Michael Kamen's musical score, especially in the opening credits.
But this thing is routine - good sets and music are nice, but there is much more that should be here.
The inspiration, for example, would have been really nice.
Maybe a little cohesion in history.
or a sense of goal.
Above all, however, I would have liked to see these actors savor in their roles.
Damn this film for not having given them a chance.