8 mm, written by Seven Scribe Andrew Kevin Walker, has an interesting idea which is ruined by the Hollywood formula to become a mystery of standard murder.
Nicolas Cage plays the Tom Welles family detective, which is questioned by the upper class Toff Mrs.Christian (Myra Carter) to investigate a film found in its recently deceased safety.
The film happens to be a legendary film to be a film to be prosecuting '', where the girl presented in the film seems to be brutally cut.
Everything Mrs. Christian wants to know if the girl in the film was killed or not.
Welles agrees and soon done in thin porn film hells, with the video clerk Max California (Phoenix) as a guide.
Although the "task" industry was not really examined in the mainstream cinema, 8 mm always makes a rather excited thriller which seems to be a little more sick than most.
The film to be presented in the film is certainly disturbing, although the jerky camera angles and the grainy image remove part of the shock.
8 mm has the problem of not wanting to shock too much, and apart from a few moments, most of the action of the film is nothing that you have not seen from another standard thriller.
The distribution helps entertainment, apart from a hideous performance of the increasingly lazy cage of Nicolas.
While he was fun and windy in previous films such as Raising Arizona (1987), which has left Las Vegas (1995), Cage has lost a large part of his actor talent and seems to be on the automatic pilot,As in The Terrible Snake Eyes (1998.
Here, in 8 mm, it is boring, without interest and has a dull monotonous voice.
And in this too long thriller, these virtues do not help maintain the suspense.
It is only when Cage is on the screen with the excellent Phoenix that the film begins to move, because Phoenix is a real talent.
Its performance is a great break in gloom, and it is purely pleasant to look at.
Catherine Keener is completely wasted as a cage woman, although she offers a much better performance than her character merit.
His character, however, is extremely subscribed, one of the most wasted characters of the year.
Peter Stormare is also fun of Fargo as a film director in Tabas.
As this film is written by the person behind Seven, 8 mm is filled with misfortune and sadness, and no one seems to know how to use a lighting switch.
Unlike seven, 8 mm is not too intelligent and the torsion is pathetic and surprisingly obvious upon arrival.
Missing strong characters that Seven Seven, 8 mm finally becomes a little rude, and is based on the graphic scenes to provide entertainment.
But director Joel Schumacher, the guy completely bad for work, puts the style on the content, and although the direction and the look are beautiful, it is simply not very disturbing.
Schumacher also has no idea how to shock and public, and although we are supposed to look at the "black belly" of the porn industry, that does not leave exactly an obsessive impression in the minds of viewers, which is missingpoint.
In addition, the last 20 minutes are so hackney, so shot, it's incredible to think it's the same film you watch.
8 mm is far from a success, an "stained" opportunity.
With a boring main character, the "controversial" scenes that manage not to be controversial, and a director obsessed with looks, which could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a stupid thriller.
In the end, 8 mm is probably worth renting on a video at home, unless you are desperate to see what the film to be in the film looks like.
And believe me, the rest of the 2 hours are not worth it.