Writers: Dennis Feldman and Jonathan Hensleigh (based on the comic strip of Chuck Pfarrer)
Featuring: Jamie Lee Curtis, William Baldwin, Donald Sutherland, Joanna Pacula, Sherman Augustus, Marshall Bell, Cliff Curtis, Julio Oscar Mechoso
I suppose that I am not extremely surprised that the "virus" comes from a decryption of James Cameron (John Bruno), and if I put really hard, I could even say that it is obvious obvious, especially of thepoint of view from the point of view of M. the first works of Cameron.
In fact, the "virus" is yet another in the long line of action / horror / paranoia of thrillers of the "extraterrestrial" vein: a group of people is deposited in a mysterious situation to find a deadly threatening entity, an exampleFrom Manuel greeting to the first talkies, and perhaps even in the first photos, although refurbished by Cameron in his 1986 blockbuster which earned him the estimated estimate and the greater budgets to come in his future.
There will be nothing like in Bruno, who, I believe, worked for a certain extent on this almost certainty characteristic; while Bruno may have studied under the Cameron wing for years and years,I'm starting to wonder what ability and what he learned exactly from him.
In fact, the "virus" should at least be mediocre; the fact that Bruno could have worked under a man like Cameron - a director who, if something, just knows how to make a film - then make a film as "virus" isJust another detraction intended for this Zun Film Schlockfest, although a Schlockfest of quality Z with a respectable budget.
The film seems not only to borrow its intrigue from the similar "climb" of last year, but also from a clumsy B film from the 80s entitled "Leviathan", an underwater thriller with Peter Weller, Richard Crenna, Hector Elizando, and Daniel Stern about a group of minors who come across an extraterrestrial life form which was partly "Alien", partly the twisted remake of John Carpenter by "The Thing".
 "Virus", once again, has a similar point of sale, uh: a group of sailors on a boat falls on a Russian cruiser who died in the water.
They continue.
They separate into pairs and investigate.
And they find a form of extraterrestrial life on board which is in the form of energy, has taken up all the machines on board, marched the machines with pieces of corpses and judged the humanity of their enemy due to aBad target in the dictionary (ha ha ha).
Not that all of this is for a frightening second or the slightest imply; not only does this film start with an opening of Bond-Ian Chintzy (the destruction of the cruiser via a transmission by satellite of MIR), destroying one of the suspense inWhich could happen, but it also fails to bring us interesting chractors.
From his heterogeneous crew, he chooses only his potentially eccentric casting of characters a female skipper, a male potential counterpart, a drunk captain, a black captain, a tattooed aborigine, a manic survivor and a couple of other candidates for food for food for a couple.Extraterrestrial, none that is the least interesting or more dimensional than a thin and simple writing paper.
And this is not the traditional argument for films like these, where you can in fact want them to be all eaten (even the "extraterrestrials" played with the karma of arrogant soldiers, but it was moreOne side more for the film as a film as a threader than the reverse); instead, as another cliché says, you just don't care about it.
I hardly even have to say that everyone's game goes from the underfile to horrible, the first being Jamie Lee Curtis in the head showing how it is a strong female advance (and it is notNot really there) and the latter being - and it hurts to say that because he is one of my favorites in particular - Donald Sutherland, who plays so badly on the captain and without a second of credibility that this will become the performance of whatEstépoustouflé.
Like Anthony Hopk INS for "Legends of the Fall" (the line "Scrooooooo 'Em" was therefore embroidered on my membrane).
Or Peter O'Toole in "Caligula".
Large actor, horrible performance.
It happens from time to time, and it only makes Sutherland's career that no one, except for a few elites, even took the trouble to see this film.
Although he is sitting on the shelves of Universal Studios for about two years, waiting for him to be released and earn as much money as possible (read: early January, when everyone always tries to catch up with nomineesPotential Oscars), this shows that Universal has spent a nice penny to make this film: it is loaded with complex machines, has a respectable production design, and it can even present credible special effects ... If, of course,Me or someone else, I see them.
 "Virus" takes place mainly on a large abandoned cruiser, and especially at night until dawn, and especially without using lights, not so much for the productivity of extraterrestrial creatures in their quest for their human prey, but more than more than receives than, as the Hollywood photo seems, "if it is quite dark, then the special effects will be more credible."
And if you don't believe me, go back and rent "Godzilla" and tell me if there is even a single blow where we see Godzilla be) in its entirety in a wide plan, or b) nSo that we can less, see it (well, you don't really have to sit again; believe it for that).
But all this does not matter since "virus" is essentially only a noisy disorder and cluttered with a film.
The action scenes are confined and as difficult to follow as any action film I have ever seen (my favorite part was the scene where a trio is found in one way or another at the'exterior of the ship, during a five -minute bouillabaisse of tidal waves, rain and all other oceanic extracts that the film can cook, then find itself in the ship when one of them apparently turned outdrowned - Well, I must say, thank you for saying to me afterwards because I certainly could not find it when I saw it).
Imagine the first attack of extraterrestrials in "Aliens", taken from the POV of soldiers, then the authorities of the battle car if everything was difficult to follow and do without any dramatic intensity, and it is essentially the whole "virus": An action scene horribly directed after the other, capping it with a gadget offers who saves the day and at least some members of the original distribution.
And my God is a good damn sit.
Without interesting characters, no dramatic emergency, no tension, not a good moment of action, and no fascinating visuals, it is surprising that it is even done.
We already know that the mentality of Big Movie Studios is at best superficial, and films like "Out of Sight" and "Saving Private Ryan" give you more self -confidence, but films like "Virus" manage to drain a littlemore lapiscine.
I almost wish that instead of making this film, John Bruno had become cinema Trite and captured meetings with universal heads when they gave this film a green light.
They read the script, they knew that they entrusted millions of million dollars in a director who might have been a Hack Cameron (and he is), and they still continued the project, onlyTo have Bruno and the shit of the companies their face.
Even if I hold universal in contempt for having made this horrible film, I would say that even more contempt should be intended for Mr.bruno for having made a film that could be so bad.
In fact, cries of "egad, guy, what were you doing when you worked for Cameron anyway?"
are not only justifiable, but encouraged.