In James Bond's film "Diamonds Are Forever", Tiffany Case asks 007 if he prefers brunettes to the redheads.
Bond's response is that it doesn't really matter, as long as the necklaces and wrists correspond.
Well, the necklaces and wrists do not correspond in "The Real Blonde".
What could have proven that on paper ends like a largely irregular and winding comedy on the screen.
The film, supposedly a satire of the superficiality of the soap operas and the modeling activity, is slim.
He plays like an episode "Ally McBeal" dragged to the nth degree, filled with some unnecessary "fantastic" sequences.
The writer / director Tom Dicillo manages the material as if to make fun of daytrakes is a new idea.
it's not.
The only surprise here is that the talented dicillo could make familiar ground so dreary.
Matthew Modine plays Joe, an actor in difficulty of the waiting tables in order to pay the rent.
He is 35 years old without agent or credits because he is too proud to assume roles in advertisements or soap operas.
 "It's not really playing," he said to his six-year-old girlfriend Mary (Catherine Keener), with whom she is constantly done about sex.
But they need money, so Joe finally agrees to participate in a Madonna video.
But it is not really Madonna with the video but a double (played by Elizabeth Berkley, always trying to relaunch his career after "Showgirls").
This underlines how artificial this company is, we assume.
Dicillo referred to "The Real Blonde" like "Off-Kilter, but an interesting combination of all kinds of things ....
The film, which walks everywhere without going nowhere, is remarkably * on * -kilter and, with the only exception of the modin always numberable (which is not afraid to stand in a very unattractive swimsuit surrounded by clashes), the whole cast is vague and without interest.
Catherine Keener, who appeared in the three previous films of Dicillo (including the brilliant "living in oblivion"), is to her boring in "The Real Blonde".
Look at her closely; she really can't act at all.
His reactions are all false, almost always outside synchronized with his co-stars.
She reacts too early, or too late, towards lines and situations.
She moves her eyes or her mouth, far too much.
She frowns, she screams, she babies-she blows pieces.
Maxwell Caulfield embodies the actor / server of Joe Bob Bob, that obsessed with the dating of a "natural" blonde.
Bob's personality (not to mention the capacity of Caulfield actor) is parallel to that of the character he plays on the "Passion Crest" - Stiff and without interest soap.
It may be the point.
Daryl Hannah is dark and without interest as a real title blonde, a soap dish that reads Bob Bob Bob at the same time and out of camera.
Hannah watches about fifty in this film (she is only 37 years old).
why is that ?
Almost all women in the film wear tops showing their nipples.
why is that !?
Marlo Thomas plays an interest -free fashion photographer.
Kathleen Turner plays an interest -free talent agent.
Buck Henry plays an interest -free shrink.
Christopher Lloyd plays an uninteresting caterer.
And so on .
The best parts of the "real blonde" are the beginning and the end, the brief scenes of an elderly woman losing and then finding her dog.
There is more depth and sincerity in a single close -up of his expressive face than throughout the film.
Although this contrast is supposed to highlight the superficiality of the life of other characters, the only thing that makes superficial and superficial interesting is so funny.