The film can be called Mercury Rising, but this title does not describe the trajectory taken by this film, a routine thriller which combines government concealations with a story of eco -friend and badly motivated friend.
The "hook" which is supposed to make the unique mercury is that the young protagonist is autistic.
However, in addition to giving actor Miko Hughes a chance to win raves for his performance, this particular aspect of the film seems nothing more than a practical plot.
Those who expect to see even a semi-Thorough exploration of the condition will be disappointed.
Mercury Rising treats autism with the same degree of efficiency as many thrillers of action grant alcoholism.
The script for Mercury Rising is exceptionally tedious and hard in Swallow.
I do not know if the problem is in the original book, simple Simon, or in the adaptation of the script, but this film easily exceeds the intangible threshold beyond which a suspension of disbelief is no longer possible.
Again, certain elements of rescue conspiracy - the high -level conspiracy of the government and the agent of the maverick police - are recycled, not wisely.
Although Bruce Willis can play the action hero as well as anyone in Hollywood, this particular outing leaves him stranded in situations which are characterized by too little tension and too much nonsense.
The story begins with a formula sequence in which the difficult FBI agent with a gold heart, Art Jeffries (Bruce Willis), is faced with his own failure.
Unable to resolve a hostage crisis over time, he is forced to observe while two adolescents are slaughtered.
The event weighs heavily on his conscience and establishes in a heavy way his motivation to protect Simon Lynch, 9 years old (Miko Hughes) when he discovers the autistic child hiding in a closet after his parents were slaughtered by the killer ofNaughty watching who looks like an ex-football player.
Soon, Art and Simon are on the run of everyone - fleeing for their lives and binding at the same time, with the diabolical hitman who looks like an ex -football player always just a step behind them.
Along the way, they are helped by the best friend who challenges orders to help his boyfriend (Chi McBride) and the support woman who may or may not become a romantic interest (Kim Dickens).
Why was Simon in danger and why were his parents transformed into Swiss cheese by the diabolical hitman who looks like a ex-football player?
Apparently, the government has spent millions of dollars by developing an ultra-secret code called "Mercury".
To ensure that it cannot be cracked, they do the most intuitive thing as possible: to place a sample in a "magazine de Puzzle des Nerds".
Of course, no one can resolve it - no one except autistic Simon, of course.
When he calls the phone number listed in the solution, he obtains the NSA.
Consequently, the man of the cold and sneering government (Alec Baldwin) decides that Simon must be eliminated - for the good of the country, of course.
But he did not count on the difficult FBI agent with a gold heart, even if everyone in the public did.
It is difficult to make yourself work on a routine thriller that does nothing exceptionally well, and hurts fairly.
For those who are desperate to find elements of this film to love, Mercury Rising manages to make tensions from time to time, but even the most exciting scenes (like the one where art and Simon are crouching, avoiding trains thatpass) are not this pulse.
The culminating struggle is a real Ho-Hum affair which leads to a painful final in its evidence.
Overall, director Harold Becker constantly has difficulties (and failing) to generate even a moment that is not derived or compulsory.
Bruce Willis' star seems to disappear.
This is his fourth exit from a consecutive terne, after the last standing man, the fifth element, and the Jackal.
Willis is not terrible, but it is the kind of role on which he can be asleep, and does it often.
Alec Baldwin, combining elements of his characters from Glengarry Glenn Ross and Malice, made landscapes, but his performance is surprisingly threatening.
The real star of the film is the young Miko Hughes (the son of Heather Langenkamp in the new nightmare of Wes Craven), who does a good job that Dustin Hoffman playing an autistic individual, but about 50 years younger.
Mercury Rising joins Hard Rain, the replacement killers and U.S. Marshals on the Tas of 1998 Thrillers Pallides.
For those who like action and adventure in the theater, it was not a happy new year.
Hopefully the advent of summer will change this.
Until then, the best choices (for Bruce Willis or any other action hero) are on video.
And, if you are determined to see Mercury go up, consult the morning sky in early May.