You know something, Christmas does not concern gifts.
These are too publicized vacation films with a lot of merchandise and product links.
At least this would seem to be the message of "The Grinch", which has been announced since last Christmas and whose logo is currently stuck in stores.
Hollywood expects that we were unaware of this cynical greed while the film rumbles on the loss of the true spirit of the season.
You know the intrigue: there is this green fur green called the Grinch (Jim Carrey) who lives on a mountain overlooking Whoville.
Bottom below all those who prepare for their Wharbilation, but the Grinch is determined to fly their Christmas.
The film is, of course, a live version of the beloved children's book, which was previously adapted in a special 1966 TV by the host of Looney Tunes Chuck Jones.
It is rare for a big budget Hollywood outing to be shameful by a cartoon of half an hour of thirty years, but this is the case when the version of Jones is compared to that of Ron Howard.
The TV Grinch has struck all the good notes: Boris Karloff's sweet and deep narration; Thurl Ravenscroft singing "Mr. Grinch"; Max, the dog weighed down by the gigantic wood attached to his head; and the wide and steesed smile of Grinch.
On the other hand, the film hits a sour note after the other.
First of all, there are the many bad choices that Jeffrey Price and Peter Seaman made by padding the short book in a 105 -minute film.
The young Cindy Lou with a wide -eyed eyes that (Taylor Momsen) is depressed by her parents' displaced priorities (Bill Irwin and Molly Shannon) during the holiday season.
She begins to sympathize with the Grinch, who turns out to be surprisingly sympathetic.
Cindy Lou discovers that the Grinch turned into Whoville tears at the grammar school when he was publicly humiliated while expressing her love for the prettiest girl in the classroom, Martha May whovier (played asAdult by Christine Baranski).
Do we have to love Grinch, hate the who and want him to steal Christmas?
The Grinch is not even the villain here; this role is fulfilled by the corrupt mayor of Whoville (Jeffrey Tambor) who was the rival of Grinch for Martha's affection.
Not only are the characters unnecessarily complex, but the intrigue formerly simple becomes so convoluted that the real Christmas flight seems to be a reflection afterwards.
Casting choices are not better than scripting decisions.
Jim Carrey seems terribly poorly collected.
While his face is so flexible that the rubber makeup seems superfluous, Carrey does not bring anything else to this role.
His accent continues to change; I guess he was shooting for Karloff, but he ends up looking like a strange mud from Richard Nixon, Sean Connery and Cartman of "South Park".
Not knowing what else to do during her many scenes in Grinch's house, Carrey falls back on his standing comedy and his clowns around AS Ventura.
Needless to say, his wise buffoonemeries do not quite correspond to the character of the Grinch, who is a bitter lonely lonely filled with hatred.
Little Taylor Momsen brings little to the role of Cindy Lou, except the big eyes and a nice smile.
She would have been well if Cindy Lou was limited to her original goal in the history of Seuss (find "Santa" in her living room flying the tree).
However, the enlarged script makes Cindy as important as Grinch, and Momsen is not up to the challenge.
Conclusion: When you fly Christmas (movies), leave it behind.