One of the contributors to the destruction of Batman's film franchise, Chris O'Donnell, features in this remake of the silent film by Buster Keaton in 1925.
Now, I have never seen seven chances, because I am more a fan of Chaplin than a fan of Keaton, but I seriously doubt that the classic version could be as tasteless as it is.
O'Donnell plays Jimmie Shannon, the director of a billiard table manufacturing company.
He also fears commitment, and despite his exit with Anne (Renee Zellweger) for over three years, he does not want to marry her.
His reasons?
Well, it's a guy you see, well, the guys are like stallions, and they apparently don't like being roped or something like that (hey, that's the explanation of the film ....
I would marry Renee Zellweger in a second).
Finally, it is time for Jimmie to propose, and when he does, it is the most absurd proposition ever pronounced by a man of all time.
He essentially said to her: "You win" and hands him a ring.
The public should now hate this character.
I did it .
Then the plot meat arises.
Jimmie's grandfather (Peter Ustinov, completely wasted) dies and leaves Jimmie all his succession of $ 100 million as well as the property of the billiard table business.
However, in order to obtain money and save jobs for factory workers, Jimmie must get married before his next birthday (which is just over 24 hours).
Having blew her chances with Anne, Jimmie continues to find all her girlfriends and suggest a "commercial proposal".
The film was not half bad at that time, surprisingly.
It did not train me and even managed to read my thoughts at some point.
The character of Ustinov left a video, and while he read the ridiculous clause, I said to myself "What is it, millions of Brewster?".
As soon as I thought, the character of Hal Holbrook actually says "What is it, millions of Brewster?"
It was quite surreal.
Something happens, during the final act of the film which suddenly made me lower the note that he was going to receive.
Until then, all Jimmie's girlfriends had refused his "commercial proposal" which, in my opinion, was good.
At least the film did not painte women to be golden excavations in the cold heart.
When Jimmie has no other options, his clumsy friend (played by Artie Lange, making a career playing the wacky friend) puts an announcement in the newspaper which in a way becomes a story on the front page.
At this point, 100,000 women put on wedding dresses and share to persuade Jimmie to choose them to be his bride.
These women arrive at the location of Jimmie and immediately start to intimidate him what he is looking for in a woman.
When he had enough of their unjustified attacks, he said to the angry crowd that there has been an error and that he will not marry any of them.
As a result, women pursue him in the city, in the hope of catching it and tearing its members.
It happens for the rest of the film.
It is just Chris O'Donnell who flows from 100,000 unpleasant, gourmet, angry and stupid women.
My disgust groans could be heard for kilometers.
The film finally ended (fortunately), but to date I still moans.
The baccalaureate is available on DVD from the new home video.
It contains the film in full frame and in its original theatrical appearance report of 1.85: 1, information on distribution and crew and special DVD-ROM functionalities.
The original theatrical trailer is also on the disc, which contains scenes not in the film.
Apparently, there were even more sequences of the gang of bridal charting O'Donnell in the city, and at one point, O'Donnell jumped from the top of the buses.
So it was serious enough to be cut, but the other 30 minutes of the bride were good?
UGH.