"Traffic violation" Dr. The Daniel Review on U-Tour
Dr. Evaluation of D: Critical Condition (
Okay, here is the business.
I will be the first to grant that everyone needs a day off from time to time.
I will even go so far as to say that a vacation is a necessary part to do work well.
I mean, hey, I am known to stretch a weekend in a three-day outing, if Friday seems to be a slow day.
And if Monday does not look like a boost, well, I am known to call Martha Nell and say: "Make me a favor, my darling.
BUMP The old man FERGUSON LANCING on Tuesday morning, and tell Miss Audrey that I will go through her house on Monday evening and see if we cannot put her knee online. "
A simple sentence like that, and I have a nice four -day fishing trip with boys, or most often, a trip to Cherokee, N.C., for the Jackpot Bingo and accompanied by another mountain funnery.
But the fact is that if you take a day off, do something different.
If you are silly for months, relax a bit.
sleep in.
Eat pancakes at noon.
microwave an egg in its shell.
Watch Pro Wrestling with sound.
Listen to Barry White discs at high speed.
never mind .
But in no case spend your vacation to do the same thing you do in life.
And, if you do, don't make the end product ten times worse than it would.
Because I don't want to hear your stories of sobs, Oliver Stone.
You apparently thought you needed a break to make "important films".
cool .
So you found this little Hinkky book and decided to make it a film.
It's cool too.
But, Ollie, Old Sage, do not take a good story and a hot distribution and make one of the most useless and most worthless films of the decade.
I'm just impatient to meet you one day, so that I can buy you a Stoli, look in the eye and say: "What did you think in the big world of sport?"
And I will stay there to look until I get a right answer.
Sean Penn features U-Tour, as Bobby, a drifter who had problems some time ago.
He directs the desert of the less two fingers desert when his ragtop Mustang blows a radiator pipe, brandishing it in Superior, Arizona, which held there by an "ignorant, consanguineous and hick turtles" of a mechanic named Darrell.
While Darrell puts a new pipe on the journey, Bobby enters town to see what cooks.
Is it useless to say that Superior, Arizona, is not exactly the brilliant house of all that is charming?
probably not .
Bobby meets Grace (Jennifer Lopez), who invites her to her house for the outfit and other domestic problems.
Just as these problems start, Grace's husband, Jake, stacks, resembling the departure day of the Elks Lodge Convention.
Just beats Bobby I silly.
Bobby takes the road, only to find Jake, and Jake asks Bobby to kill Grace.
A little later, Grace asks Bobby to kill Jake.
They murderous Arizonians.
I have to love them.
If all of this seems familiar, congratulations.
You win a Kewpie doll.
History is a direct display flight of Red Rock West, a cult favorite a few years ago by John Dahl, manufacturer of the phenomenal the last seduction.
But the competition does not stop there, guys and girls.
We get thefts in Russ Meyer films, where everyone in town is excited and in sweat.
We get the city of Bad Day in Black Rock, without the train, as well as women with big breasts that can speak.
Watch any Schwarzenegger movie, and you will see our hero, Bobby, as Bobby has a mud hole in his keister a dozen times, has his stove at least fifteen times, gets bitten by a tarantule,Has shot it, Etse finds with vultures that turn above, while getting up as if he had just shaved.
Bobby like Terminator?
Stretch it a little, and we have a reduction to five fingers of Doc Hollywood, where the whole story occurs because of car problems, forced ng the main character to stay at the mercy of the city and the mechanic.
Okay, he works from a book, so maybe Ollie is not totally to blame for having failed these ideas.
I expect that a man who can invent an alternative story from the United States can develop some original ideas before exposing the negative.
I just want him to have a casting like this for what is equivalent to a group of group toe.
Sean Penn gives great performance, and Jennifer Lopez and Nick Nolte are also on the target as possible, playing excessive caricatures of stereotype characters.
The best thing about the film is to watch Penn react to the madness that surrounds him and try to understand exactly what the Blankety-Blank is going.
Too bad it's not fun to look at when it happens to us ... while
We sit down through this mess of a film.
U-Tour is not a bad film if you are a fan of technique.
It is the oliver stone that you have always known.
Robert Richardson is his director of usual photography, and Rob and Ollie know how to shoot a film - superb camera angles, changing views, nasty colors, beautiful photos.
But what photos of what?
I think I prefer to look at a xeroxy envelope for two hours than to try to understand the tilt point of this losing film.
The twists and turns of the plot are one thing, rehearsal is almost unforgivable, and it is Dang almost unforgivable that any film I have seen in the past five years.
Oliver, I know that your work work is nothing to sniff.
You have been kind enough to limit us to a single film of doors, and films like Platoon, JFK, Wall Street and Nixon give us a lot to dig.
Your scripts are certainly respectable, your budgets are up there on the screen and your actors do not sing it.
And I know that perhaps, with a ride, you have just relaxed, to have fun.
It is very good .
But don't do this with a film with the potential of it.
Follow a sequel to the Academy police (Imagine this.)
Make a big comedy, like a remake of his crazy, crazy, crazy and crazy world.
But do not put a U-turn of your pocket and expect that we accept it as "an Oliver Stone film", and do not wonder why it stinks like an elderly snook of the week.
There is a good way to have fun and a bad way to have fun.
It was as bad as possible without going to prison.