In 1990, the surprise success, a new unpublished film entitled Ghost, instantly saved the moribund career of its trio of stars above the title, Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore and Whoopi Goldberg.
Eight years later, the careers of Moore and Goldberg are not exactly booming, but they have had their share of success on the screen since; we cannot say as much Swayze, which has just added a further aAnother Turkey to his CV with the much named Black Dog.
Forget the Mortal Kombat movies - This TruckSploitation film is the closest that the movies came to video games.
The right truck driver Jack Crews (Swayze) must lead a cargo of Atlanta illegal firearms to New Jersey.
Along the way, Jack and its crew of three come up against a number of obstacles - such as a weighing station on the highway, evil truckers and mortal motorcyclists.
From time to time, as at the end of a video game "level" or "scene", the main villain appears: red (meat bread, fresh triumph of Spice World), which wants.
Just in case you forget his name or find it difficult to keep a trace of who leads what, all Red vehicles, whether it is a pick-up or a large platform, are painted-youHave guessed - red.
I could enter into more details on the plot (like Jack's dream of having a beautiful house with his family, the past trauma that sent him to prison and cost him his truck license, the team of the teamFBI / ATF according to the cargo), but there are little importance.
Everything that matters to director Kevin Hooks and the writers William Mickelberry and Dan Vining are the obstacles to which Jack is confronted in his journey from point A to point B. But they even fail with this modest objective, because none of the chaos of theA highway, also created in a credible way be it, is terribly interesting, and even less exciting.
Once you have seen some trucks hitting or a big rig exploding the first time, you've seen it every time.
As dreary as Black Dog is an entertainment, the saddest part of the film has nothing to do with what appears on the screen; is that Swayze must be reduced to such work.
Although far from the best actors, it is certainly not horrible and it is a charismatic presence.
I do not know if it is his judgment or the lack of quality job offers that bites him to get involved in bombs such as Black Dog.
Anyway, if he continues on this career track, could a television series be far behind?