Before Psycho's remake appears, we have to suffer from this remake of a Hitchcock film earlier, Dial M for murder.
As usual, Hollywood has filled it with glitter stars and big names, and it all comes to a strong sound.
The film opens with Emily (Paltrow) and David (Viggo Mortensen) `` having fun '' in a loft.
The problem is that Paltrow is married to Stephen (Douglas), who is not too happy when he discovers this affair.
If I were Paltrow, however, I would certainly go with Mortensen.
Fewer wrinkles.
Anyway, Stephen approaches David with an interesting proposal: he will pay him to kill his charming wife.
Mortensen agrees, but the murder is bad and the twists and turns continue to come as the film progresses.
Unfortunately, the film does not progress very quickly.
In fact, it moves like a turtle with arthritis (read: very, very S-L-O-W.))
The intrigue does not move anywhere quickly and becomes exciting only in very short gusts.
Not too good for a thriller. '
In addition, the performance, apart from Douglas, are below the peer.
Paltrow, showing immense talent in SE7En (1995) and Sliding Doors (1997) is strangely stowed, even unconvincing, in this film.
Mortensen is a little better, appearing as a young Douglas, but his role is not fleshy enough to show all his talent.
Which leaves Douglas to Waltz with the film, what makes.
However, I doubt that Douglas finds that it is very difficult to play a smoking stogy, to drink the petticoat with a scary.
David Suchet also appeared in the film, playing a sneaky detective.
Again, he's not a character we see on the screen, it's David Suchet.
The director, who bought us the fugitive, stacks all flash techniques, such as zoom-in, fast cuts, etc. The clearing is also interesting.
However, the looks cannot save this film from the depths of Mediocre, and the film seemed to work better in a single set anyway.
The scenario is O.K, but there is a Hackney sub -intrigue on Douglas being a ruthless player at Wall Street (again) and the end is surprisingly stupid and cliché.
The characters also make incredibly stupid movements, in particular Paltrow, and Stephen seems to lose all intelligence in the last coil.
With a combination without tension, drama or decent characters, a perfect murder is a failure throughout and an incredible disappointment.
There are a few brilliant moments, but there are far and few.
The last thing that a thriller should be boring, and although the film can barely keep your interest thanks to Michael Douglas, you would not miss anything if you decided not to look at a perfect murder.
Global note =
David Wilcock review? 1998
 "You know, for children" - Norville Barnes