I am not sure that I should write a criticism of Eastwick's witches, because I don't know exactly what hell (sorry the expression) has happened.
However, I can express the most important observation I have made, i.e.
I did not like.
If I had to summarize this film, I think I would conclude that it was an update of one of these ancient folk tales of New England of someone who sells his soul to Old Scratch and how they try toGet out of the agreement.
It is the nucleus, anyway.
There are small songs that sometimes seem to say something about men and women, feminism, the role of the devil, modern reformers and friendship.
Unfortunately, little or no effort is never made to follow and elucidate these concepts; they are simply thrown and then allowed to rot while the film continues.
In fact, I think most of the public was even more confused than me.
They came by expecting a kind of supernatural comedy, at the level of the Ghostbusters, and were a little confused to obtain a popular tale with philosophical connotations.
They laughed or tried to laugh, at times that were barely funny, much more horrible than funny, as if that could lean the film of his rather frightening direction.
Three women (Cher, Susan Sarandon and Michelle Pfieffer) live in Eastwick, a small town in Midwest.
One night, while drinking late in the evening, they are starting to wish that the ideal man falls into their lives.
In an apparent response to their idling reveries, a rich eccentric moves in a mansion on the hill and seduces each trying to be everything they want to be.
He quickly shows proofs of mystics - perhaps demonic - of power, and his devotion to the fantasies or wishes of the lesser deepens of women has dangerous connotations.
Worse, when the ignorance of his moods becomes ugly, and he mischievous women for rejected him.
Anyway, the problems: the three female characters are quite out of interest, and many are cardboard stereotypes, in particular the character of Sarandon.
We never get inside, never feel friendly, because their dialogue and their personality seem quite bland.
As for Nicholson, well, even the devil needs a direction to enter, and although Darryl van Horne is the most interesting character of the film (due to the grace of the screenwriter and, more importantly, of theAction of Nicholson), he can always' I am not pulled in one direction then another without making it a little vague.
And then there are the special effects.
Not in themselves - they weren't so good - but their overwhelming.
I was almost positive, until I see the credits, that the witches of Eastwick were produced by Alexander Salkind (who proved the slope named Superman II and III and Supergirl), because of the great actors of the waterfallsde Dopy, or Stephen, or Stephen, or Stephen, or Stephennspielberg, after the 18th Vomit scene and the Nicholson-Blown-Down-the-The-Street waterfall.
No, it is another group of guys, and produced by George Miller, who showed a large competence with cascades / special effects before (The Road Warrior, "Nightmare at 20, 00 feet" Episode of Twilight Zone: The Movie) But apparently does not do I know when turning off the wind machine and letting their people act.
F'Gawds sake, guys, here is Jack Nicholson!
Let him go wild!
Leave him smiling demonic!
Jump the fractionation earth and the false lightning!
Looking at the scene where Nicholson is thrown out of the car by the Voodoo doll, everything I could think was "what a waste".
If you are going to use Slapsticks like that, use it on Pee Weeman.
Nicholson does what he can with the role, and when he can find his bearings, can be extremely good (the scene in the church, for example), but most of the time, he seems a little stiff, like S 'He didn't know what should do then.
And no wonder.
This script goes everywhere on the map, giving you the feeling that he would just like to be allegory, B Ut it is not sure of what - maybe if you give him time, it will think of something.
So what are the witches of Eastwick?
horror movie ?
A popular tale?
a comedy ?
A declaration on women?
An examination of the religious right or comparative morality?
I tend to think of the image that seems to dominate the film for me ... watching
Someone regurgitate half digested pieces of food and cherry pits everywhere in rooms, people, screen and, ultimately, the public.
In other words, a mess.
 (2 $ 00)
If you like Nicholson enough to watch it here; maybe 25% of its charm is capable of crossing the logjams of others.