Another formula `` Feel Good '' Original comedy of the British Islands, a bit like "Waking Ned Devine", and a host of other popular films on a budget that made a clever profit on a thin story.
It is filled with types of nice establishments living in a picturesque city, like vicars and tolerant police, many eccentrics and residents who remain together and thin.
The strength of this film lies in its rational theme, according to which smoking the pot should be legalized because it is even less dangerous than drinking alcohol.
The film is tolerable until its first hour, it then separates completely, becoming too absurd to consider it as anything, but sitcom stuffed animals have become completely bananas.
But its message of decriminalization expected for a long time for certain drugs is on the target and at least allows to be considered as containing a relevant message.
His message is particularly appropriate today since the "war against drugs" is about to be degenerate in Colombia.
The drug war has been a total failure so far and hopeless to be won by the methods of applying the law in the future, it has so far been to ensure that American prisonsOvercrowded with non -violent drug prisoners and offers no hope of hope to rescue the consumption of drugs and the supply of American drugs.
Billions of dollars have just been allocated by the congress to officially get involved in the Colombian civil war, supporting a corrupt government (remember Vietnam!) With the idea that the army could stop cocaine harvestsand marijuana in this country.
Everything in this proposed action feels Vietnam, with this scenario closer to his home, so what is probably waiting for such an effort is a more futile result than the other war.
The sweet theme of the film to show the squares that enter the weed sector and to find it acceptable by the public, which should have been accepted about 40 years ago, is a long -delayed theme for acceptanceof the public, but which is better received late than ever.
There must be common sense to distinguish drugs that should be legalized and how to educate the public on this subject, rather than making a police deal.
The film opens in a picturesque seaside village with the funeral of the husband of an average woman, Grace (Brenda Blethyn), who fell from an airplane, suicide obviously.
The widow soon discovers that her husband was a bigger bastard than she imagined.
He left it with a battery of huge invoices and has set up, without his knowledge, their comfortable 300 -year -old house as a guarantee for a failed commercial company by removing a second mortgage.
The widow finds herself bankrupt and without marketable skills to repay her husband's huge debts and prevent her from losing the house and becoming homeless.
She also knows that he had an affair with a sophisticated woman from London, Honey (Quick).
What makes the case doubly unsatisfactory is that during the conference with honey, she discovers that he was a tiger with her in bed but has refrained from having sex with her.
Even if the inhabitants try to help the widow in bankruptcy as best they can, creditors abandon themselves as vultures.
Her gardener and handyman, Matthew (Ferguson), decides to stay with her, despite her last bouncing check.
As she is an amateur horticultural expert, he convinced her to help her relaunch her hemp plants, which he grew up for private use.
Both see it soon as a commercial opportunity perhaps, while Grace miracles with plants that turn out to be high quality stuff.
For Grace, it's a way to save her house and remove it from debt; for the Scottish, Matthew, he offers her a chance to continue living in this beautiful village and earning enough money to marry hisFishing friend Nicky (Valerie).
Residents all left illegal activities without being disrupted: the police sergeant (Campbell) pretends not to notice To what the lively lights of Grace's Greenhouse, the friendly vicar (Phillips) advises the wisdom of not acting on something that you cannot control, and the doctor (Clunes) likes to smoke grass for leisure.
The story becomes incredulous when Grace decides to go to London and score with a large drug trafficker instead of having Matthew Go because she discovers that Nicky is pregnant and does not want Matthew to be in prison.
It is interesting to note that no one thinks that smoking grass is bad for you, but only that you can go to prison.
The scene with Grace on Portobello Road in the London Notting Hill section, trying to find a drug trafficker, although he was dressed, in a white dress and a hat that would be wearing a tea in Cornwall but notIn the streets of Nottinghill while seeking to make a drug problem, was completely hokey and the film went down to a huge black hole, by which he never recovered his dignity.
The film moves into formula mode, while Grace is chances not to survive, while it meets an international drug trafficker, a Frenchman (Tcheky Karyo), who is seen for the first time threatening to cut her fingersBut later became her commercial partner her husband when she became a millionaire and wrote a best -selling fiction book on her experiences, thus becoming a celebrity.
Things work ridiculously, where there is a total degradation in the development of the character of grace, where this matron figure suddenly becomes a cartoon figure instead of living flesh and blood.
There are a lot of silly laughter that manifests itself and the film has just enough actor's performance from Brenda Blethyn to inspire air there before coming to her late final, because she drones with her transparent free optimistic tone, until'To what it is public feeling that the sweet old lady has succeeded.
This film "Unhip" leaves an impression that smoking and cultivation of the pot are stupid, but should be tolerated as something nasty of the average age screwed by their terrible old husbands must do not to stay without appointment.
Ummm!