"... because I am a scientist.
this is what we do !"
--- Dr. Aalexander McCabe (Bob Gunton), in response to the reason why he has created diabolical bats.
Very well, stop me if you heard this one: genetically modified animals wreak havoc on a city and a small band of premises, helped by a specialist in the field of the particular animal, must team up to stop themutant creatures before being able to multiply on earth.
Oh yes, the army is also on the way to bombing the city, so they lack time.
seems familiar?
This is the intrigue of the release of the destination films for bats.
Dina Meyer plays the role of the "bat specialist" Sheila, which is taken from her research (with her boring acolyte, played with an irritating penosity by Leon) in order to help a small city in Texas understand why someCitizens and local animals have been chewed to death recently.
With the help of local sheriff (Lou Diamond Phillips), a CDC manager (Carlos Jacott) and a scientist (Bob Gunton), Sheila discovers that it is indeed bats (who were geneticallyModified by the character of Gunton to be more aggressive and omnivorous, in order to be used as a military weapon!).
I must say here that I knew exactly what I was going to in this film.
There is not a framework for promotional sequences that I saw for the film that would have led me to believe that it was going to be good.
In this regard, the film has never disappointed me.
This film reaches a level that transcends the level "so bad that it is good" and borders on downright crazy.
The effects are horrible, the script is artificial, and for most of the functionality, I laughed at things that were supposed to be taken seriously (I think).
I challenge anyone to sit through the scene, where a bat tracks down a baby in a cradle while another bat terrorizes a pattern eating in a restaurant, with a right face.
Fortunately, performance is as good as possible to consider the equipment with which the actors had to perform.
Dina Meyer has always been the highest point of all the films in which she was (Johnny Mnemonic, Dragonheart and Starship Troopers ...
The latter being the only film in this lot with any real merit), and it is no exception.
Although you never really have the impression that the character of Meyer could be an expert in a bat in reality, you never really care to doubt it either.
It gives such a good as expected performance, and it is pleasant to look at for an hour and a half.
Lou Diamond Phillips can also be used here, while the sheriff of the small town has become a possible hero.
Although when we meet his character for the first time, he knows that bats are the reason for what is happening in town, for any reason, he suddenly becomes surprised to learn that the real cause of deaths in townis because of bats.
The only bad performance in the film is Leon's.
He is relegated to "I do not stay here!"
Character and proceed to repeat the variations of this line for the majority of the film even if it remains.
Anyone who cannot immediately say that Bob Gunton (the villain of Patch Adams and countless other films) will possibly activate the gang and rest with his creations before his eminent death will probably be surprised, but I doubt it strongly.
Even if he had not been the villain in just about all the films in which he has ever been, so many obvious clues are given to indicate the sly act that he has no shock.
In fact, her death is welcome, because she finally begins to move the plot to the final.
If the intrigue does not seem ridiculous to you yet, consult these little treats: a multitude of bats disperses inexplicably when a policeman armed his pistol.
An entire city does not take into account the sheriff and the doctor's orders to stay inside after the curfew is encouraged, causing mass hysteria when bats come out in force, killing several city dwellers.
A Offi government CIAL eliminates Shelia's instructions (to wait for dawn to install a cooling unit in the bat cave that will kill them all) by drawing night work, causing the death of an entire military unit.
A cave full of bat excrement never ignites when a phosphorus thrust is lit in the middle.
Finally, to top it all, this small city in Texas shows Nosferatu in its theater on a single screen (for reference, our city has more than a million people with nearly 150 cinema screens, and we are lucky toeven get the dogma of Kevin Smith).
The most laughable part of the film comes from poorly designed bat puppets.
While the attack scenes of real bats are filmed with a rapid modification of fires (which makes the scenes almost impossible to understand what is happening), the scenes where a bat is called to interact with an actorLive are generally more discreet.
Therefore, we, the public, we get close-ups loving the most unrealistic rubber bat puppets ever engaged in the cinema.
Being able to see the arms of the puppeteer would be the only things that could have aggravated these creations.
After all this, if you still decide that bats could be the film for you, don't say that you have not been notified.
Believe me when I say it is much more fun with waste than to pass through.
I just want Dina Meyer to be thrown in more roles or at least choose better films in which appear.
It is definitely a talent that will waste in films like these.