Dr.alan Grant (Sam Neill, "Jurassic Park") is becoming disillusioned.
Paleontology is no longer sexy science that it was in the past since Ingen society has cloned its subject.
His conferences bring people interested in his adventures on Isla Nubla rather than her research and funding dollars dried up.
When the Kirbys (William Hmais once they agitate their checkbook, he reconsiders.
However, the Kirbys did not give Dr.Corcord their real program in "Jurassic Park III".
Of course, we, the public, were flooded, since the film begins by showing us Eric (Trevor Morgan, "The Patriot"), a young boy, and Ben (Mark Harelik, "Election") who goes for aParaglurging in this same island that is wrong (and looks like a cheesy rear projection).
Grant established himself with a new straight man, Billy Brennan (Alessandro Nivola, "Love's Labor's Lost") on site on a excavation in the short of funds.
He also visits Old Flame Dr.ellie Sattler (Laura Dern, "Jurassic Park"), now married to another with a young son who calls Grant `` the man of dinosaur '' apparently for the sole purpose of flirting withAgain for the poorly imagined final of the film.
Grant takes Billy during the trip of Kirbys, who is really an illegal gambit to save their son, this young paraglider.
The couple is not millionaires, making False de control de Grant, and they are also separated (Eric was with the new boyfriend of Amanda, not that it makes sense), which means that we are inA sticky family dynamic while waiting for the dinosalle to eat.
The kirbys hired (and obvious baits) are a trio led by Mr.UDESKY (Michael throw, "The Gift").
 (No one considered only the casting Michael throw and William H
As indicated by Joe Johnston ("October Sky", "Jumanji") (Spielberg produced only this one) from a ridiculous script of Peter Buchman and the "electoral" team of Alexander Payne & JimTaylor, "Jurassic Park III" is nothing more a film of Quickie monster with some new dinos (a Spinosauraus, which appears with the T-Rex, and the Pteranodons).
The intrigue, so to speak, is a series of coincidences combined with extreme jumps of faith and a trifecta of stupid mobile phone towers.
The effects are no longer new and, as mentioned by the director of photography of television Shelly Johnson, rather troubled.
The film's edition by Robert Dalva ("October Sky") was probably made by Machete, to maintain this at an execution time of 90 minutes.
I do not know any other reason to explain the ridiculous end which presents the survivors confronted with a bunch of raptors, then saved by the most ridiculous logical jumps in minutes.
Don Davis' "original" music repeats the original themes of John Williams.
While Neill and Young Morgan are trying to inject humor and humanity into the procedure, the rest of the distribution is not part.
 "Jurassic Park III" will probably offer rapid entertainment to those who will know what to expect, the same crowd that may have liked "The Lost World: Jurassic Park".