The burned money is the perfect festival film.
He will present himself once or twice, then no one, fortunately, will never have to hear from him again.
This film from the Masters series at the Seattle International Film Festival 2001 is easily one of the worst of the year.
Presented as a gay "Bonnie and Clyde", this grainy film by director Marcelo Pi? Eyro has its only highlight in a well -designed title sequence.
Two gay lovers are involved in a flight of a bank that makes a gang leader, whose plan they have messed up, angry.
This leads the gang leader to send his boys to get homosexuals out, one may not be gay.
Hiding in the apartment of a prostitute, the two men must fight members of the police and gangs in a very long confrontation for the conclusion of the film.
If they are captured, they may lose all the money and their love.
As an additional emotional bonus, one of the homosexuals is dying.
or something like that .
Everything that happens is so fast and confusing that I was completely lost.
Clarity is not exactly the frightening virtue of this film, so it was a bit difficult to pick up.
But not much could really have happened.
The main events of this long two -hour film are homosexual and explicit heterosexual sex, the consumption of graphic drugs, extreme violence and strong language.
Lots of explicit material is never a bad thing when there is a reason, but there is no goal for anything in this film.
Most scenes of sex and violence are revealed as silly, while heavy drug consumption turns out to be ridiculous and depressing.
He seems Pi? Eyro (who co-wrote with Marcelo Figueras, from a novel by Ricardo Piglia) deliberately adds more blood and to make love for his own fun.
It makes the actors as sweaty and dirty as possible, makes them sniff cocaine, gives them rifles and condoms and lets them go.
The money burned is useless.
The performance is bad.
He tries to hike and shock, but only causes boredom.
God will never preserve a distributor.
Another disappointing film of the so-called emerging Masters series this year.
pass through.