To put it frankly, Ed Wood would have been proud of that.
A totally ridiculous intrigue is included with bad humor, a hokey drama, zero logic and a shit scenario.
Also, a beautifully anti-climatic ending.
Not to say that it did not seem intriguing when I saw the glimpses.
So much for the truth in advertising.
Roland Emmerich, who is later "independence day", would look like "The 400 Blows" compared to this, co-derived and produced this stupid science fiction film which uses the cliché that there is a linkBetween the eqpt and the extraterrestrials.
In an unnecessary opening sequence, men found a stone in 1914 with hieroglyphs.
It would not be before today ('94) until they understand it.
Are they deciphered?
A slightly neurotic scientist (beautiful torsion), Dr.Dan Jackson (James Spader, doing his best outside the erotic thrillers and the Indy rate) which is so much in life that people come out of his conferences after the third word.
Why do they use it to decipher what no one else can?
So there is an end Hokey!
Duh!
He understands it in about a minute.
Yeah .
And then they get a suicidal colonel or something like that, "Jack" O'Neill (Kurt Russel, with his Wyat Earp locks at the start, then a flat roof that would make Howie Long Snap in a fetal position).
Why a suicidal colonel?
For the end!
You will have it.
They open the Stargate, a bunch of them cross it with a bomb to detonate it if they find something wrong.
After something of exaggerated special effects, they are ... inside a fucking pyramid.
So they went to Egypt, right?
fake .
They are on another planet filmed in Egypt.
They discover a Cilvilization led by RA, the solar god (the androgine jaye Davidson, with a voice modifier to make him look like Barry White with asthma), and there are fights, explosions and a kiss between two people.
Yeah .
Also melodrama, stupidity, hokey scenes and bizarre language.
An anti-climatic end ends with stupid lines ("say hello to King Tut, Asswhole!"
-The quintessentiel line, Lemma tells you) and a development of pesudo-pseudo-pseudo-practical carnatage.
At the end, you just want to go home and look, I don't know, the "external limits" or something.
The script is terrible.
The special effects are correct, but nothing great.
The story is so weak that it is almost opaque.
The whole experience is just not worth it unless you are bored if you plan to watch a "full house" marathon ... or
This .
I would choose this, of course, but still, it is simply not at all fun.
And I can't wait for it to be first on MST3K.