The law of pleasant romantic films stipulates that the two tracks must be together at the end of the film.
If you are not familiar with this law, you may have seen the trailer for this film which shows that the two tracks are together at the end of the film.
Now, if you are one of my regular readers, you heard me say that countless times: you know how crazy will make it end, but the trip to get to this end is worth it?
No, this is certainly not the case.
Melissa Joan Hart (from "Sabrina, The Teenage Witch" by ABC likes a Hunky stallion in the basketball team.
Adrien Grenier is his neighbor Grungy who has just broken with his activist girlfriend.
Apparently, he wants to make his ex-girlfriend jealous enough to bring him back, and she wants someone to take him to the dance of the great year.
Thus, the two pretend to go out with any reason, but only after Hart gave Grenier a bath to transform it into a Hunky stallion.
Will Grenier love his new popularity and light his friends?
Will this crazy scheme work?
Do I have something to do?
The resurgence of adolescent comedy was surprisingly good in terms of comedy.
What makes films like barely and 10 things that I hate work (and to a lesser extent, it is all that and has never been kissed), is because the writersOf these films seem to realize that high school is a joke and write scripts accordingly.
I do not know what was the writer's intention with Drive Me Crazy.
There was an intelligent comedy in these films so that the obvious ends were worth it.
Here there is nothing ...
Just adolescents who complain about who will take them to the big dance.
Make me a favor of children, go find a job or something like that ...
Just close hell.
In all honesty, the best part of this film is the end credits.
Now normally when I say it's followed with the joke "... because the film is finally over."
In this case, the end credits are really the most entertaining part of the film.
After the second compulsory game of the titular song of Britney Spears, there is a quick commercial jingle for a hamburger, the children of the film drag and a brief interpretation of the school song for their high school.
Nothing brilliant, but more entertaining than anything in the 90 minutes preceded them.
Science fiction fans note: there are brief appearances of Stephen Collins (Star Trek: The Motion Picture) and Faye Grant (La Mini-Série TV "V" and "V: The Final Battle").
[PG-13]