Land: Lara Croft is British, rich and kicks a lot of ass.
She also likes to make raids, but when the Illuminata discover that the nine planets are about to line up for the first time in 5000 years, and that Lara has the key of time, well, it goes without saying, theywant to grab it from the tension of Deson.
Oh yeah, Lara also likes to wear a lot of tight shirts ... Hummana-Hummana-Hummana ...
Critality: Angelina Jolie was great in this film.
There were also about three "action scenes" which were pretty cool to watch in this film.
Uhhhhhm, unfortunately the rest of the film is zero!
Bad dialogue, generic and nasty acolytes, a lame mystery, Yoda-Esque moments with a mumbo-jumbo that has germinated and even a crappy CGI towards the end.
Overall, this film was not the horror spectacle that some of the first criticisms had warned us, especially since all the other scenes present torpedoes of pretty pretty shouting her lucky shirts, butIt was completely disappointment, especially, in particular, you consider the major opportunity that filmmakers had here to create a cool and trendy female hero, based on a popular video game.
I don't know, I guess you have to put most of the blame on the director Simon West, who has not really bound the whole film.
The film lacked energy, a coherent rhythm and well ... a
Funny time!
I felt a little depressed by watching this film.
All this shit "father" was horrible and the dialogue given to poor John Voight to recite was simply embarrassing (and I will not even mention his mustache ... Hehehe).
Why this shit in the film?!?
I particularly hated the scenes in which a figure, a friend or a ghost -shaped child walk on the father of Lara Croft while all the time, I do not give an ounce of shit on what they are talking about.
I guess it is called the lack of "character development", right?
It was then that a film built enough background in the characters on the screen, so that we can really "enter" and worry about them.
I did not care about anyone in this film and I was bored during most of his moments "explain why we do all these swallowed moments".
And even if I thought pretty kicked a powerful ass (damn, she looked sexy by exploding these weapons or what?!?), Everyone around her was so boring!
His butler was a disposable without personality, his lateral kick was supposed to be funny but simply bored me every time he said the word "decor" (and he says it a lot, believe me!) And all the self-Doving the bad guys have just spit a dimension!
They had no spark, no energy among them, and even if some of the film's action scenes were cool (see the trailer and you will know which I speak), the overall image wasLogger and the dialogue and the cream of mystical bulls has just bury it even more.
In addition, for a film which is supposed to concern all these exotic places, I was not necessarily impressed by any of his external photos, and even less with his interiors, which all seemed to have been shot in the same room.
Notice, I will not go so far as to say that it is the "worst film of the year" (remember that I must actually go to see Freddie Prinze Jr. Movies too!), But that is certainly theWorse film that I 'VE has seen during this summer of summer cinema (of course, it's still early and I'm sure there are a few lots of additional waste that descends the pike).
Jump this one and rent in place one of the Indiana Jones films ... Confidence
Me, you will miss the breasts but finish your night with solid porn and everything is fine!
Where does Joblo come from?
Raiders of the Lost Ark (10/10) - The Mummy (8/10) - Lost in Space (7/10) - The Mummy Returns (6/10) - La Fille du Général (3/10) - Romance(7/10) - Wild Wild West (3/10) - Mission Impossible 2 (7/10)