Robin Williams is a comic genre.
In other words, there is one when he is in a film that allows him to move.
 "Flubber" The attack in a tank top, the cover of adhesive tape, stuff it in a coat closet and stacks furniture against the door to ensure that it does not go out.
In a overhaul of his own "absent spirit teacher" of 1961, Disney offers us proof that more is certainly less.
The recycling of old films ("That Darned Cat", "101 Dalmatians") disguised as a new is the new silver machine of the house of mouse which was roaring.
Professor Phillip Brainard (Williams) is a non -terminal scientist in terminal phase teaching in a small college.
His fiancée, Sara Jean Reynolds (Marcia Gay Harden), president of the college is not too satisfied with him because he let him wait at the altar because of his lack of short -term memory - and longterm -.
She gives him a chance more.
He blows this chance when he invents "Flubber" (flying rubber) and is so excited by his discovery that Sara Jean awaits him again in her white dress.
His delay is helped by his jealous flying robotic assistant who wants him all.
This is not all bad news.
Flubber is a green jello that can enlarge and reflect the energy applied to it.
Brainard realizes that the commercial potential in GOO can save the school of bankruptcy and be taken up by the industrial evil of the city Charles Hoenicker (Raymond Barry).
While he is busy with his new breakthrough, the despised despised is courted by his ladle rival Wilson Croft (Christopher McDonald).
There is a flying car, an improved basketball match and an assortment of broken laboratory equipment: none of which is the least interesting or funny.
At one point, my son looked around and asked "why these people who laugh?"
Although Williams has one of his least inspired roles, he is easily the most lively of the actors.
Everyone appears as half asleep.
The redesign succeeds in this regard.
It looks like a bad Disney film from the 60s.
I remember that the original was charming, but I guess the memory almost four decades ago was artificially improved by the years.
There have been some updates.
Fred Macmurray's Flying T model has been replaced by a T-Bird.
His faithful dog Charlie is now "weekend", the robot in stationary flight.
The biggest change is that with sophisticated computer animation, we can now have films show special effects without being entertaining.
Flubber is anthropomorphized in a being supposedly with the personality.
The gloop has small arms and legs and is divided into tiny little gumottes for a large dance number.
It has nothing to do with history.
The only possible reason is to create merchandise opportunities so that children can harass their parents to take them to McDonalds for toys.
Not that contributing little to the plot is a big problem.
There are very few aspects of the film that move history and those who do not make sense.
The discovery of Flubber will save the college because Brainard can sell his flying car in Ford.
Anyone with half a review could see that its intelligent flying automaton is worth billions.
It is incredible that her lover (well, probably not a lover - after all, it's Disney) begins to go out with Croft after the abandoned marriage.
There is not an attractive component of this man.
After the professor discovered that the maculination of a golf ball with the spinning it bounces it uncontrollable around his laboratory wreaking havoc, I gnashed crinks by picking up a bowling ball.
This guy is beyond forgetting, venturing into the certifiable.
The co-scriptwriter John Hughes used to make films of light but thoughtful teenagers.
The care behind "Pretty in Pink" and "The Breakfast Club" all left the window after its franchise "Home Alone" has warmed up the boxes of the box.
The air mu Ch Like "Home Alone 3 1/2", "Flubber" even presents some vaporous henchmen who are stuck and a cute little boy who screams a lot.
In some ways, it is difficult to judge this film.
I suspect that I am not its target audience.
After all, I measure my age in two digits.