Did I do something wrong?
I must have, because sitting through this film was a pure punishment.
Here is the intrigue.
Ricky (Jeff Goldblum) is producer of the Bon Buyer network, one of these 24 -hour home shopping channels.
The new boss (Robert Loggia) plans to can Ricky's behind if he does not transform flat sales numbers from previous months, and to add to his problems, Ricky must also work with Kate (Kelly Preston), the Wunderkind League IvyLeagueque the boss brought with him.
Kate and Ricky do not get along and have no good ideas before meeting G (Eddie Murphy), a spiritualist who sees something positive in everything.
His soothing voice and his simple logic make people feel good, and it is this quality that will make G the new GBN television star and the key to the success of the network.
The first problem is a defect in the plot.
Of course, G makes people feel good.
Of course, we are told that most people feel guilty after buying an impulsive article, no matter how rich they could be, and I will even believe that G is about a conference that allows people to feel goodIn what they bought.
But, hey, it's after buying.
Why do sales skyrocketing the first time G is in front of the camera?
Far from trying to sell the product, G rather requires how you don't even need the thing.
Someone please tell me how it is supposed to move goods in the first place.
You might say that people feel good in what they bought, so they come back and more, but because of the simple fact that the first series of sales is inexplicable, I am not convinced that this is whatThe filmmakers had in mind.
The whole film is therefore seriously undermined because the key point of the plot is never credible.
Another problem is in humor.
You know, if you see that Eddie Murphy is in a film, I think it is not unreasonable for you to expect the film to be a comedy.
Whoa, partner, are you in surprise.
Holy Man is not funny.
Murphy, the only asset you think that this film has (remember how they brought it at the last minute to save the best defense?
- Here again, maybe you don't) are seriously reigned.
The script does not give him almost nothing with which to work, and it seems that the director Stephen Herek kept him attenuated so that the other actors in the film were not left like a basket.
There is only one moment in the film where Murphy is authorized to detach himself, and he lasts three words shown, which seem completely moved.
pathetic .
In all, there are about three jokes that work on the whole image, and they are not even so great.
In a secondary note, there are camée appearances such as Dan Marino by launching a machine that allows you to cook your car engine, and James Brown with a medical alert device that screams "Help me!"
Just like the man who works the hardest in show business by pressing a button, but they never make your personal laughter rises above the level of light perplexity.
 "Well," ask yourself, "there must surely be convincing performance to compensate for the lack of humor."
Be careful again, buckwheat.
Jeff Goldblum disappoints.
Kelly Preston is flat (but not like that).
Robert Loggia, in the kind of role for which he was practically typical, can do nothing with it.
The script is part of the problem, but these actors do not even seem to believe in the decision they make.
They seem to be bored.
Just like the public.
So what do you have when humor is absent from your comedy, and the game is like the Siberian steppes?
A film lying more than an anchor left.
but wait !
As if these problems do not make the film slow enough, the script of the script makes the film even slower!
It takes all the first half hour to establish the premise of the film, then more time while the film wades in a tortuous romance (and apparently compulsory) between Ricky And Kate, and a sub -intry involving a man of accomplices public relations (Eric McCormack) who wants to discredit G and resume Ricky's work as a producer.
When the plan of the guy of public relations is thwarted, the film is a highlight, we are entitled to this little epilogue, then we can all go home, right?
fake .
The film continues for another half hour!
Continental Drift is Indy 500 compared to the rhythm of the Holy Man!
The only holy thing about Holy Man will surely be the number of people exclaiming "Holy! @ #% This film was horrible!"
This one is for the really pious.