"What is it, a homicide or a bad film B?"
This is the prophetic question posed by one of the tracks in one of the first scenes of this film.
Let me clarify things for you cupcake, it's not a bad movie B, it's a very bad movie B.
So bad, it's almost good.
Almost, but not quite.
The film began in the 1950s with space extraterrestrials sending a sloppy experience on earth.
It is a bunch of slug -shaped creatures that kill people and take control of their bodies.
The first and the only victim of the slugs in the 1950s is cryogenically frozen where he is in no way danger for anyone.
In other words, until two students from the university lost it in 1986.
He, and the slugs in him, quickly start to wreak havoc and transform more co-publishing in slug zombies.
A slightly crazy cop (Tom Atkins) and the girl required with the face of an angel (Jill Whitlow) join these two Geek university students (Jason Lively and Steve Marshall) to fight with the slugs.
It falls more or less on the four to become the world of evil slugs.
The game is bad with a capital B. The history is worse.
And the special effects are somewhere between an old star Trek cover and what you see in a home film.
The only saving grace was the required set-up of Jill Whitlow.
It had absolutely nothing to do with the story - but I liked it.
In fact, it was the highlight of the film for me.
Of course, that doesn't say much.
History moves Hap.
Which gives it one step ahead of other horror films.
Unlike most films of this kind, there is in fact a story.
Not great, but that's it.
This is a long line of films from the 1980s that were thrown together to capitalize on the success of Friday 13, Halloween and Nightmare on the films of Elm Street.
You can randomly select a film from the horror section of your local video store and probably luck in something so good if not better.
But Night of the Cremps could make a good addition to a B-Film horror marathon.
Do not be too upset if you cannot find it.
You will really not miss as much.