With William Baldwin; Cindy Crawford and Steven Berkoff very well, Fair Game's first problem is the cast of the model Cindy Crawford in the main role.
Not that Cindy does this evil, it's just that anyone watching this film knows from the moment this little casting was not done because of the extraordinary theater skills of Cindy, but for his extraordinary ability to watch DeadMagnificent in all situations.
And in equitable game, most situations tend to find Cindy is wet or very hot and sweaty, but I am sure that it is only a coincidence, without any doubt that these situations were essential to the plotAnd to the fact that Cindy has a great humid look, well, it's just a good coincidence.
Of course .
William Baldwin is not a bad actor.
Unfortunately, he simply does not demonstrate it at all in this film.
I don't know if it is because most of his lines were so hokey, or if he was trying to make Cindy be fine.
If it was the latter, it worked.
Cindy does a surprisingly good job here in her first film.
Which does not mean that it has no room for improvement.
Although to be just towards Cindy, its lines were a little cheesy in places.
So, you are undoubtedly wondering what kind of film Cindy Crawford, probably the most beautiful woman on the planet, she chose for her foray into the world of cinema?
Well, I'm glad you asked this question.
Cindy embodies a lawyer who, by certain convoluted twists and turns, becomes a target for the former agents of the elite KGB.
Why are they targeting someone as friendly as Cindy, ask yourself?
At the end of the film, you don't care.
The story is so artificial that it is not funny.
Be that as it may, after Cindy was blown away by the window of her house, without obtaining as much scratches as I could add, she is placed in police police under the vigilant watch of William Baldwin.
The character of whom, Max Kilpatric, a police detective, seems to have the skills of a kind of combat machine (I suppose that the writers have seen far too much from the first films of Steven Seagal).
The fact is that the idea of the characters of Crawford and Baldwin of the race of these Russian killers is not so bad of an idea, it is just all that around this basic idea that stinks a little highvoice.
Support actors are nothing more than agitated stereotypes.
If I were Baldwin, I hoped that this film disappears.
As for Crawford, it can indeed have an acting capacity.
Unfortunately, everything she has is obscured by writing that goes beyond evil.
This film was obviously written by thinking of Cindy, because the writers spend most of their time finding ways to capitalize on its appearance.
It's a shame that they did not spend more time on a half -decent plot, since MS.Crawford is more than capable of appearing very well alone thank you very much.
Unless you are a big fan of Baldwin or Crawford, it is a film that will only disappoint you.