It has been hours since I have returned from the long -awaited "mission" of the "mission", and I can always detect the Rachet of the Moisi cheddar.
Why ?
The film is a cheesefest of poor quality full of candies for digital eyes, stapled without concern on a fragile scenario which somehow manages to jump the great promise of a space opera, by pulling rather on the corner of a dramafiction of science of well-being closer to 2001: a space odyssey ”.
I had the impression that most of my colleagues cinematographic customers were waiting for another "Armageddon".
But no, the "mission to March" is certainly not a great action sequence on the colossal disaster.
It is a supposedly thoughtful and family space film in which apocalyptic excitement takes a rear seat with visual elegance and edifying ruin.
You were warned.
Of course, the manufacture of a closely claustrophobic spatial drama is not impossible (see "Apollo 13" for an excellent example), but few directors have competence and crafts to achieve it without seriously mark their reputation.
Brian de Palma has enough director's expertise and visual magic in his sleeve to remove it.
When he gets his hands on an intelligent and systematically practical script as "the untouchables" or "mission: the director has the ability to create a good technical achievement (although his too indulgent style becomes more embarrassing than occasionally).
Of course, there is also the inexcusable shit chain that has bore its name (including the "snake eyes" and the notorious bomb "the joy fire of vanities") ....
All this makes me want to call Palma's most talented hacking in Hollywood.
This term can be too hard, but if I judged it only on the perpetual waste of talent which is "mission in Mars", my choice of words would have been a little less indulgent.
If I were Gary Sinise, I would not touch a palma with a 10 -foot post.
Sinise is a wonderful and wonderful actor, but after appearing in "Snake Eyes" and this imposture inducing vomiting, I am sure that he would not want to risk the embarrassment of a third collaboration.
The Academy Prize winner embodies NASA astronaut, Jim McConnell, a man who recently lost his wife (Kim Delaney) and is apparently psychologically unfit for a next space shuttle mission (Oops, forgotto mention the year - 2020).
After a barbecue meeting for astronauts, we cut Luc Goddard (Don Cheadle) and his team, which already take measures and calculations on the red planet.
Suddenly, an imposing formation of rocks and soil - probably better nicknamed a "sand tornado" - appears and creates a whirlwind of suction.
For any reason, astronauts stand calmly to admire this, as if it were a beautiful work of art.
The team is killed in a few seconds, expect Luc, who was able to send a final transmission and could still be alive.
Immediately, a second mission - composed of astronauts McConnell, husband and wife Woody and Terri Blake (Tim Robbins and Connie Nielsen) and Phil Ohlmyer (Jerry O'Connell) - are sent to save Luc and discover the mysterious secret of Planet Mars.
Let's put the "secret" pending for the moment and discuss the trip there.
It is explained, whether scientifically precise or not (probably not) that a trip to March takes about six months.
I do not know why the quartet of writers behind "M2M" did not capitalize on this juicy opportunity to create tensions and a claustrophobia.
Instead, we join the team during their last days on the ship.
What happened during the five months preceding this?
Have they simply played cards and told dirty jokes?
However, there are few very tense moments (perhaps the only one in the film) during the deadline involving a fuel leak.
The management of Depalma is quite good in these scenes, although the partition of Ennio Morricone is largely inconsistent (organ music in space?
Come on).
There are some good , Imaginative ideas in the cheese landslide, a sad achievement that makes me sigh aloud.
It is a colossal disappointment that "Mission to Mars" is poorly assembled and ridiculously written, with a doubtful and supremely stupid final which will only satisfy dedicated optimists.
As mentioned earlier, anyone looking for a disaster film carnage will be brutally disappointed ...
Maybe even cheated.
After the incredibly HOKEY Final Shot (with the words? The end "adding in a way the insult to the injury), some members of the public made the effort to huer and whistle on the screen.
Others mumbled obscenities, shaking their heads with disbelief while mumbling "Jeez, who has null. '
Okay, it sucked.
But you must show the actors a sympathetic mercy ...
After all, they are doing quite well.
Sinis is sincere and effective in many of his scenes, Robbins and Nielsen convincing with all my heart as a loving couple of NASA, and Funningman O'Connell - Well, he has a few lines is actually fun (and intentionally).
The digital effects accompanying the tornado sequence are quite impressive.
So, by Golly, where did this "mission" go wrong?
By thinking about the appalling experience, I would say in almost all the conduits and crevasse that he could have.
While looking at "Mission to Mars", my suggestion would be to abandon immediately, or better still, not to even attack you for takeoff.