Had as a genius by many, Stanley Kubrick commands a superlative filmography which includes films if acclaimed by criticism as "2001: A Space Odyssey", "A Clockwork Orange", "Lolita" and "Dr.
Strangelove, or: How I learned to stop worrying and like the bomb. "
Now, unfortunately, he added "wide eyes" to this impeccable work corpus and his latest film is the first and the only one on his little impeccable copy book.
Kubrick, alas, should have left when he was ahead.
This highly publicized psycho-sexual tease, with its starry bill of real bride and groom Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman, is nothing more than a long (two and a half hours) boring exercise that presents Kubrickoperant with a wide closed talent.
Kubrick, unfaithful unfaithful of Arthur Schnitzler's "The Roman" Roman ", confused eroticism with nudity.
He confused intellectualism by speaking slowly.
He confused depth with pretension.
In addition, the director made strange casting choices, leaving Sydney Pollack and leaving the performers accomplished Harvey Keitel and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Pollack, the director of these box office successes like "Tootsie" and "Out of Africa", is normally solid in his occasional actor sessions, but here, he is miserably out of his depth ...
And there is not much depth to start!
Unfortunately, it is unlikely that there is a cup of director of this film to determine whether the decision to exorcise Keitel and Leigh was the right one.
In fact, with the exception of austere black and white credits, baroque music districts on the soundtrack, and many grainy tracking shots in the delicious corridors decorated, there is no shine from the brand ofKubrick in this film.
This does not help that history, as it is delivered, is ridiculous.
Cruise and Kidman, who bring a little more than the marital torpor to the project, play Bill and Alice Harford, wealthy.
He is a doctor and she is an unemployed art gallery director and they share an address of Central Park West.
During an opulent party organized by their friend Victor Ziegler (Pollack), Alice becomes a little drunk and begins to dance with a Hungarian from Jeremy Irons, who is singularly determined to put it in the bag.
Bill, too, is seen Bras-Bras with a few models before retiring to deal with an overdose.
Back home, Bill and Alice smoke a little pot before Alice's aggressive jealousy.
As a remuneration, she admits to her husband that she once had deep feelings for a naval officer whom she expressed in a hotel where she and Bill stayed once.
This hurtful entrance sends Bill in a tailpin; he strikes the streets of the village in his heavy black overcoat struggling with black and white images of Alice in the grip of an excited medium aspirant.
It's too much for him.
To take revenge, Bill has almost sex with a whore.
He has almost feelings for a minor girl he sees in a costume store.
Then he almost does the roommate of the whore.
And he is almost involved in an exaggerated rococo orgy when an old boyfriend of his colleges does it for a mysterious feast protected by password where everyone wears masks and "women are incredible" (i. E., naked).
This "erotic" piece, a complete cult bacchanal with song, incense and many strategically placed revelers covering the dirty, could impress Hugh Hefner, but it is much less shocking than what is supposed to be.
What is the big problem?
Bill does nothing * nothing (apart from throwing his money and his references), and Alice is only suitable in her heart.
Whoop-dee-doo.
However, they constitute at the same slow dying pace - was Kubrick, notorious for several catches, paying them at an hourly rate?
Even geniuses have their bad days.
 "Eyes Wide Shut" is just being the bad day of Kubrick, a non -erotic end, disappointing and completely useless to another E memorable career.