Okay, I don't know why, but I seem that this diversion of the films of real actors from Disney ... as
as well as Tim Allen films in real life.
I couldn't even cross "the Santa Claus clause", so why did I even see that?
 (Just to make a point of inactivity, I liked "Toy Story", but it was good) too, I have this aversion to the bad French pranks, and if they reflect them in American films.
Well, this is my excuse: it was the night of the ball, I am not a person in the ball, my best friend and I went impulsively to the drive -in where they played "big blank point" - that does notI wouldn't mind seeing him again -but I had to suffer first.
I agreed to go.
UGH.
In all honesty, I can say that at least this stupid intrigue was not dreamed of by an American.
It was originally a French film released in America under the pseudonym "Little Indian, Big City" (French title - "An inien in the city").
I stayed away as if it was Limburgher, and according to Roger Ebert, it was a good idea.
But I can only imagine how bad it should be if it is an improvement.
The stupid intrigue concerns a father who learns that he has a son of his current marriage.
Let me clarify: his wife (Jobeth Williams) left him years ago, and I mean years - about 13 years - and went to an island in the Caribbean or something.
He goes to her to finally have the divorce papers sign so that he can remarry ... thing
 (Played by emphasizing Over-Done of Lolita Davidovitch, which is generally good).
She tells him that he has a son while his boatman triggers.
He meets it, he has a strange name (Mimi Seku, I think ... or
As the bad joke says - "Mitsubishi" - Laughter Track Cue), he knows English, they fish, more bad jokes, the joke of Pirhanna, the kid has a pet spider, he makes the promise oftake him to the statue of freedom ... You
know the exercise.
Now, this is where the plot is complicated (well, gets complicated for it, at least): the fish joke out of the water goes from Tim Allen on an island to his son from the island toNew York.
Tim is a broker on the stock market and his coffee profits plunge because his laptop is dead and he could not communicate with his assistant or whatever - Martin Short.
A Russian crowd is thrown into the intrigue somewhere (how is it in each French Hokey import, there is a crowd?!)
TIM learns a lesson in his son and we discover that cell phones can operate on an island even if there are no sockets to recharge the batteries.
The story is shit, the jokes are hokey and not really funny, and the actors must have trouble making it interesting.
But the material is so poultry that a rewriting of Quentin Tarantino could not help it.
During all the time, I kept thinking that an adult person should think about this and several other adult people had to do it.
At the end of the shooting, they all shouted: "We made a great film, the guys!"
I hope not.
Big question to get from this film: why would someone want to redo what was presented as one of the worst films of all time if they were going to do it exactly the same way?
eh ?
my (for some of the names of the actors and one joke or two that made me laugh, I suppose ... okay,
So I feel really bad for that, so I only gave it a star)