They should have collided with the promise sporting the poster of the original film: "No following".
Scary Film 2 is far from being as funny as his predecessor, and it is not because the Brothers Wayan, Shawn and Marlon making Keenen's writing and ivory behind the camera, do not try.
What defeats them is the genre they have chosen to travel.
The first film - a scandalous wild satire, with a low husband of the Slasher Teen films such as Scream and I Know what you did last summer - succeeded because of his attitude of prison towards a type of film thatwas in vogue, familiar and popular.
In Scary Movie 2, the filmmakers face the Haunted House-Ghost Story format which, if you look at the brushes for recent labels such as the respective remakes of Haunting and House on Hautned Hill, do not draw the public or enter theCulturepsyché as well as the various series of Slasher for adolescents.
Scary Film 2 begins to promise with a wonderful parody of the exorcist, with James Wood in the role Max von Sydow and Veronica Cartwright Lampooning Ellen Burstyn.
Of course, Split Pea Soup is the punch line - an excessive quantity, which offers the hope that the rest of the film will be just as tasteless and excessive.
But this pre-writer sequence has nothing to do with the main action, which presents the actors of the original inscription to spend a weekend in a frightening haunted manor as part of a university class project.
Some of the jokes are as scatological and offensive as in the original, but they lack this bite of prison that has raised a scary film at the heights of the burlesque.
Scary film 2 only spoils a lame shipping to another, offering weak parody of this Nike Shoe advertisement in which everyone makes acrobatics with basketball, and films which is below and Hannibal (CharacteristicsWho only adequately appear at the box office), Johnmission of Woo: Impossible 2 and Charlie's Angels.
It was as if the Wayans and their team of writers - at least seven were credited - threw ideas in a mixer and hoped that they would run away.
They don't.
While the rhythm of the original has left you, the suite moves with the speed of an 18 wheels carrying two tonnes of concrete on a steep mountain road.
You can almost hear breathtaking coils.
Scary Film 2 tries very hard to live up to his original, but he is very short.
It is an unsatisfactory show, a very weak sister of a very good film.
The really scary aspect of this sequel is how really it is disappointing.