I had a revelation today.
It came to my mind while I was looking at "House on Hautned Hill".
It's like follows: if a trailer makes the film, its advertisement looks like a trash and stupid film, guess what?
There is a good chance that there is the truth in advertising.
Too bad I did not trust my own instincts when something or the other possessed me to see this film.
I blame my sudden desire for a fear and my anticipation of "Sleepy Hollow".
This and "Dogma" started too late in the afternoon for my schedule.
An hour "angel" or "buffy" is more frightening than this doozy who tries to be frightening and shtick but falls flat on his face.
I would have liked to have seen it when it was Halloween.
At least, I would have forgiven.
Hey, it's the season.
The film was frightening (although very confusing, stunning and nauseating) at the beginning, but soon the horror became repetitive and downright laughable because the film was obviously nowhere.
Now, I really appreciate films like "Scream", "Halloween", or any old Hitchcock film where fear comes from situations that are at least somewhat realistic.
This is what erases people, the fact that it can happen to them or someone they know.
There must be a previous logic for the situations with which they want to frighten us.
Of course, quite unpredictable is also good, but it is different from completely absurd.
Hohh (house on Haned Hill), on the other hand.
 .
 .
Well, let's say that I fell from my chair laughing when they revealed Si-Cloue that all those who were invited to the party were linked to the psycho-medicines who died in the house a few decades ago.
RIIIIIGHT.
You know, it just sends chills in my spine.
Yeah .
Just like I wet my pants when they told me that the house was bad.
OOOOOO.
Tip: Blood and guts only work several times.
Sooner or later people are starting to say that it's just ketchup and accessories and you have to find something better than that.
There was just too many things in this film that we have all seen before; inevitable "developments of plots" of foreigners without knowing it rested; foreigners turning against each other; evil manifesting themselves; the dead come back forOne last fear.
Everyone was more predictable than the previous one.
Why didn't these fools stay in the same place anyway?
Sheesh.
Have I been disgusted?
Yes .
Have I been frightened several times?
Yes .
but why ?
I'm really disturbed when there is not why.
When there were no random fears that were there for no other reason than for the visual effect (which was not so good either, believe me) and fear, the film was filled with dull dialogueand laughable.
The characters were incredibly flat and shots.
Without forgetting downright boring.
You have a bunch of people who do not go anywhere in their lives; of course, they are stupid enough to go to a party that some strangers invited them to make to win a million dollars if they survive the night.
Jeez, I thought no one had fallen in love with these things "you may already be a winner".
And of course, the three girls are girls.
I wonder how hell the Geoffrey rush of "Shine" ended up in this film.
Continue, Geoff, and you will admire yourself for the next Batman adventure.
The only single person I appreciated was Chris Kattan because, well, he cracks me.
And Famke Jansen (SP?)
Because she reminds me of the delicious Brosnan.
Pierce Brosnan (hey, I gladly endured "Dante's Peak" three times for him :).
Very well, I concede.
There were a few things that I appreciated.
This small amusement park perverted at the start.
I will probably not make roller coaster for a while.
And the machine they used to make the character of Geoffrey crazy (see, I don't even remember their names).
The machine, not that stupid fish fish with a naked wimmin in it.
I continued to wait and wait for this inevitable twist at the end of the film. He would not have bought the film, but at least it would have made me feel better.
But no, they opted for the beautiful end of sunrise.
Thank God, they did not add to kiss at the end or I would have vomited.
God, there is no hope.