This film is based on the very popular video game series of the same name.
Before this film, the game had some derivative caricatures - which were ok.
But the idea of making a film is crazy.
He should have been animated, if it should have been done at all.
Instead, people do their best with a talented cast.
However, he still fails.
The plot is completely different from the intrigue of the game - I don't complain about that.
The story involves Mario Bros. have a plumbing business in Brooklyn and having to compete with a rival company.
Finally, they find a construction site by their sworn enemy, which happens to be sent unsecured.
So, due to Luigi's girlfriend (John Leguizamo) - Princess Daisy - They will investigate.
They are transported to a world of blade runner led by King Koopa (Dennis Hopper).
In one way or another, a plot dealing with all the transferred and transported dinosaurs to another futuristic mega-city.
The intrigue is much better than the film deserves it.
The game is ok.
It seems to be more a visual film.
The special effects are good, especially on robotic yoshi.
However, the film drags and is not fun.
And he lets himself be open to a suite, which will probably never be made.
This film begins in a way promising, but ends up leaving a strange taste in your mouth.
So if you want to watch a kind of strange movie with the excellent Dennis Hopper, then watch Super Mario Bros.:
the film .
You could do worse.
But you could certainly do better ...
 .
Street Fighter: The Movie (1995) Starring: Raul Julia and Jean Claude Van-Damme
This film was based on a series of endless suites of a game called Street Fighter 2.il has all the characters in the game in a reasonable plot.
It is more like a "film" that it should not be.
Yes, it's observable.
Raul Julia does a good job, since it was her latest film.
Although the game has non-stop combat sequences, this film is a melo of action scenes and flashy sets and costumes while trying to show a plot at the same time.
does it work ?
kind of ...
The intrigue implies the Evil Shadowloo organization led by Mr. Bison (Raul Julia).
Guile (Jean Claude Van-Damme) takes his troops to attack the main Bison base in order to release the innocent villages he has taken care of.
In a short time, the film presents several characters well.
It attracts your attention.
But it finally seems to be a window for fans of the game so that you can highlight things like "there is Chun Li!"
Or "Look at this fire ball that Ryu made in Vega".
He strikes the basics by presenting the characters in an intrigue with good decorations, but is no longer going.
This film needed more action in the first place.
The action scenes that are here are short and not very exciting.
If you like light action movies, or if you liked the game, watch this one.
It is even worth looking at if you want to see Raul Julia's last performance, or if you can't have enough van Damme.
Other than that, you could find better action movies.
 .