There is a rule with regard to films.
A sequel is never as good as the original.
There are very close exceptions to this rule and the Massacre of the Texas chainsaw: the next generation is not part.
Now, if you also take into account that the original massacre of the chainsaw was a very bad film, and that it is not even the first sequel, you have a recipe for a very painful viewing experience.
Do not be fooled by the presence of talents from Matthew McConaughey (a time to kill) and Renee Zellweger (Jerry Maguire).
They made this film before they were stars.
Judging by their performance, they also succeeded before taking actor lessons.
It is a wonder that they worked again in Hollywood after having appeared in this turkey.
Apparently, the producers of this film realized how bad it was, because it remained unprecedented for years until someone decides that they could capitalize on the success of McConaughey and Zellweger.
Apparently, the two young stars were not too happy to see this thing when seeing daylight.
And I don't blame them, they would have been better if it had been a kind of porn film with both.
Unfortunately for them, it is a horror film in which Zellweger plays your typically stupid horror film character.
While McConaughey plays a guy who carries a mechanical splint on his leg which he controls with a television remote control.
 (Hey, don't say I didn't warn you.)
To worsen things, Leatherface, the maniac brandishing the chainsaw, which has never been the most scary of psychopathic killers to the best of cases, has now become a complete crosser and over the film.
There is an intrigue in this film but it is not worth mentioning.
Just say that a group of adolescents is in the wrong place at the wrong time and is left at the mercy of the remote control man (McConaughey) and his lipstick bearing the chainsaw half overwhelm.
Dude, I can't overcome how bad this film is.
This film has absolutely no qualities of buyout.
Even the bare breast compulsory baby stroke was not enough to remember my interest for more than 2 seconds.
The writing is bad, the management is even worse, but these two things seem good in relation to the action.
This is the kind of film that they should make people watch in prison.
A guarantee to you, if the criminals thought they would be subject to this film, they should never break the law again.