Capsule: boring unexpected, obvious and thin of paper / cop / drugs / sexy-pulse movie.
The presence of director Michael Bay shows none of the talents he has demonstrated in The Rock.
I have already seen this film, I said, watching the art of the box.
No, I haven't even seen a trailer for the film; I don't even know what it is, but I can look at the way they promote it, and I know I have italready seen.
I thought: these are these two cops.
And they are friends, in a way.
They are a lot in the throat of the other, but they really love each other.
And everyone in their department hates them because they are hot blows.
And they have a kind of diametric opposition in their relationship.
And one day, they are in the business of the cops as usual when they mix in this plot which implies a really sadistic villain with many henchmen who can never strike with the billions of turns of ammunition thatThey always wear.
And the villain is a drug lord.
And there is a witness, and it is this sexy thing that rubs them both in the wrong direction.
And their supervisor wants their badges for breakfast when they explode half of the city to bring down this type.
I only missed the badges.
The rest, I became dead.
And I hadn't even left the video store yet.
The cops of this film are Will Smith and Martin Lawrence, and the villain is the underused building Tcheky Karyo.
Smith plays a cop who has a trust fund and is therefore not a cop for money; Martin l. is a father (nuances of the dynamics of the lethal weapon now practical here) whose woman and heare in all probability.
This leads to stages stretched on the "not obtaining" from Lawrence, and totally unnecessary songs with him who turns into his own house, thinking that his partner is now "Back Door Man of his wife.
Not funny; tiring.
Bad Boys obtains some of his incredibly meager sales arguments from the presence of Will Smith and Martin Lawrence.
Will Smith is natural, and I am happy to see him in films like six degrees ...
and men in black.
He is funny and charming without trying to be; he really seems to have fun.
Martin Lawrence is another story; he is so tense and constipated verbally that sitting through his improvised riffs is a lawsuit.
Films like this are not a question of originality.
I know that .
They concern style, energy and synergy between actors.
I know it too.
And yet, while looking at Bad Boys, that his glamorous photograph and his incredibly accurate cascade choreography, I felt fed up.
I had seen Con Air, which, despite being completely incredible, was always very fun, because it tried but weakly put a new life in the mixture.
Bad Boys is a dry race - and too long, too, taking place just over two hours with many more match than I thought.
I could write this film.
You could write this film.
Many people have.
Many people will continue to write this film, again and again.
Other people will buy it home and do it, and we will pay money to see it.
The more fools all of us.
In a terribly premonitory line of his book A Scanner Darkly, Phil K. Dick once thought that the McDonaldburger (as he called him) would eventually overshadow money as the sign of cultural and financial exchange.
One day, we will all sit in our salons and sell the same hamburger in both directions.
The same could be said about this film.
I have the feeling of sinking that we will see him again.
Soon .