Vikings V.ours?
No, this is not the programming of football on Monday evening.
Rather, it is the two opposite forces that will fight in death in "The 13th Warrior", a film which is as dramatically flat as it is seriously bloody.
Based on Michael Crichton's book, Eaters of the Dead, this Viking saga is trying to evoke the mysticism of the legendary and the glorious battles they have fought.
Their strength and honor would eventually climb their place in history among the greatest warriors who have ever taken a sword.
Fortunately for the Vikings, however, their capacities at war were not as awkward as this film.
Antonio Bandaras is Ahmed, travel ambassador.
Accompanied by his friend (Omar Shariff in a cameo), they finally met a small village in Viking.
We see that the Vikings are an extremely proud group, the greatest strength of which is their courage.
They laugh with a good heart, revel in their arrogance and sing songs of won battles.
But their festivities are about to be interrupted when a messenger boy arrives to tell the village chief that a great evil threatens their land.
Help is necessary quickly.
An elderly witch and fortune arrives.
After a brief incantation, she proclaims that 12 warriors and another "no Nordic blood" are necessary to ensure victory.
Personally, I always wonder why people believe these oracles when they seem so happy and on the verge of madness.
Nevertheless, 12 men impatiently accept their place while Hmed becomes the 13th pivot.
The group then proposes to make the greatest battle of their lives.
Of course, during their journey, Ahmed becomes the target of pleasure for the other 12 most strong Viking warriors.
But he skillfully shows that it is not the size of the dog in the fight, but rather the size of the fight in dogs.
He is able to overcome the proud arrogance of the Vikings, but will his skills (and those of the group) be sufficient to overcome all the evil threatening the campaign?
It doesn't seem promising.
These creatures, resembling bears, are strong and have high morale.
They are intrepid and display the desire for beheaded the heads of their enemies.
They attack hundreds and the next strike will come soon.
The warriors prepare their defenses and pray to their gods.
They are ready to sacrifice their lives.
 "It's a good way to die," said one of the featured warriors.
Despite the greater than life battle sequences, I was not emulated by all the experience.
At many points, I was even confused.
For example, somewhere in the middle of the film, a sub-container slips involving the prince of the threatened earth.
It seems to have a program to rise to greater power during this crisis.
However, the sub -intrigue never materializes fully, and we let ourselves scratch our heads on the purpose of its inclusion.
There are other questions that I had, but the real problem was that the story (little that there was) offered no character to love or hate.
The Viking Warriors chief had the most charisma.
However, the role of Banderas is completely subscribed and we do not know why being the 13th warrior makes him so special.
An entire rewriting of the Ahmed character is in order.
In addition, a large part of the action takes place during torrential showers or at night, which made battles very difficult to follow.
I would have preferred more time to look at the Viking culture and how their beliefs shaped their decision to fight against the enemy.
As it stands, the film manages more confusion than intensity.
It would make Thor cry.