Given December 2, 1997 at 6:50 a.m. P.M.A Glenwood Movieplex Cinemas (Oneida, NY), Theater # 3, by myself for free (free pass).
[Theater note: * *: Good seats, sound and image]
There are many philosophies to explain why we are so fascinated by cartoons.
They provide a method of total escape in which everything will work in their context, from the scandalous slapstick of Looney Tunes to the intensity of Japanation.
Watching "Flubber" has really won this idea for me, because it is just a live action cartoon that presents itself as a regular comedy.
This proves how painfully funny all these gags and slapstick would be, and how important it is to have a story.
The film does not waste time establishing its light cartoon atmosphere.
We meet the chemistry professor at Medfield College, Phillip Brainard (Williams), the typical and supposedly friendly crazy scientist.
During the first 10 minutes, we get at least half a dozen jokes about his forgetfulness.
The phillip memory loss is less like a cartoon gag and more like a real case of Alzhiemer's disease - isn't that a rather low comedy?
He begins to teach chemistry after walking on a drawing class of naked figures (an inappropriate joke for a children's film if I have never seen one).
We learn that he held his fiancée, Sara (Harden), twice at the altar simply because he is forgotten.
Sara claims to love her, but says that if he forgets marriage again, she will cease to love her (a sign of childish attitude that the film denies it).
But even caricatures must have conflicts to be resolved, and it is not surprising that the main conflicts here are linked.
Christopher McDonald makes and the worse version of his usual shit shit like Wilson Croft, a scientist who not only wants to steal the ideas of Phillip, but also his wife.
What is worse is that Sara seems really interested in him!
Wilson works for a rival college who wants to buy Medfield, who is broken, unless Phillip can invent something to save the day.
One of the first rules of cinema is to make sure that the title has something to do with the film.
The Flubber is played for gags after its introduction, but is almost forgotten later.
It is obvious that Phillip will accidentally invent Flubber, a flying rubber compound that gives enormous energy, and promotions make the Flubber realistic and funny.
Unfortunately, the Flubber, like all the special effects of this film, seems very false and unconvincing.
Flubber also seems to have intelligence and a personality, and when he performs a singing and a dance routine, you give up asking yourself how life could spontaneously an inanimate object.
Most of the film is walking aimlessly because it is based on the Flubber to make comedy (because the lack of mind of Phillip is forgotten) and in a way push history.
But it is clear how weak this premise is from the start and the film Empire.
All the jokes imply that people are hit by rapidly evolving objects and supplied by Flubber, including: bowling balls; flying cars that do not fly well; and a basketball team capable of jumping to 100feet in the air.
Everything is presented with complete logic, and no one thinks that Flubber exists even when they see it with their own eyes.
During the basketball scene, the coach of the rival team said in fact: "I think they could cheat", to which the referee replied: "There are no rules to jump too high. "
 "Predictable" does not start to describe the movements that the film passes, especially after halfway.
And it is not how terribly artificial the intrigue is, it is the way it is out of stage by stage, without any transition.
Not only that, but all the actors here, especially Williams, seem bored in tears.
I would say that 80% of all the scenes have been shot with a blues screen, so it's almost forgivable when you realize that they speak t O nothing and interact with nothing.
He is sure to say everything that could be bad about "Flubber".
The only original element of the film is the first global romance between a machine and a human.
But this aspect is quite twisted if you think about it, and, like the rest of the film, you will not do it.