Capsule: an insult.
A stupid and incompetent film that does not even have the advantage of being trashy and pleasant.
Weslely and Woody would do this to leave this for their curriculum vitae.
Money Train is one of the worst films I have ever seen.
It's not just silly, he is contemptuous of his audience.
He tries to make us swallow things that better film would be stopped cold or simply omitted entirely.
It is a waste of Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson, who are pleasant actors to their own rights but who are foul -smelling here.
It is not even fun as garbage.
Woody and Wesley Star (it may not be the right word) as a police authority from the New York Transit Authority.
They have a job that could actually be at the heart of a really interesting film: one of them plays the drunk option to attract chain snatches and the other.
I had a whole helmet of legal and ethical questions that surround it, raised by a documentary that I had seen on the subject once, but the film does not waste time being intelligent or stimulating.
See if you can follow this.
They pursue a child in the tunnel and in the station where the "monetary train", the heavily armored car which collects all the money from the token books, is parked.
The train guards see this child running on them, lifting their machine guns, shouting "Hart!"
Then open the heat when the child does not stop running on it.
Blam, the child is dead.
Then Woody and Wesley present each other, and of course the other cops hate them (why?), And a pushing match begins, and someone is adorned, and ... I covered my face.
I had seen enough.
I have never seen a film work so hard and in such a short time to destroy, systematically, any chance of being credible or interesting.
Tired of the BS at their work (most of their fault of their own fault), Woody and Wesley hatch this plot on how to steal the money train.
Hence the title, in case some of you (both) have not yet understood it.
Then there is this sub -intrigue about a maniac that reverses from JetBoss book clerks that wants its money.
There was not a minute when I gave the ass of a horse on this subject.
Neither Woody nor Wesley play interesting characters for a single minute.
We don't care about them.
They are not interesting.
These are noisy, noisy, stupid and stupid tremors that could have left the police academy.
They deserve to be shot - or run, as the case may be the case.
They only exist to restore the type of dynamic that was written * in a film like White Men cannot jump, and which simply does not exist here.
These are idiots and we have to root.
Bullcrap.
The film is completely schizophrenic in its tone and texture.
What exactly is this waste?
A cop movie?
Police procedure does not receive a real thought of a moment.
A thriller?
The secondary intrigue with the killer of token stands is inept, a disposable who should have been abandoned in the rewriting.
a comedy ?
The few jokes that work are wasted.
a drama ?
All dramatic tensions between the two directors are lyophilized and out of the rack.
There is not a moment in the film when I had the impression of listening to real human beings to speak; these are all writers, this bizarre analct where each sentence ends with a punchline and the mode ofMain expression is the unique conjunctions of words with four letters.
 (Real dialogue extract: "will make you fuck."
 " What ? "
 "You heard me: fuck * you *."
 "No: fuck * you *!")
Look. I will be honest here.
I tried to write scenarios, and even * I suspect that if I was trying to launch this mess, I would be laughed from the office.
Anyone interested in hearing my ideas for some good films can write to me and hear my height, because God knows that I know that I can do better.
I cried enough time on this p piece of tripe.