Where do I start?
Okay, what about this: Starship Troopers is one of the worst films to be released in theaters for a long time.
In fact, it could even be the worst film * major * to be released for years ...
or even a decade.
It is bad beyond belief.
I would not suggest * pay money to see this.
There is a good chance that you will regret it.
If you see it for free, you might always want to go out.
Go for it .
The film begins with 90210 cheese scenes taking place in the future world of ... Buenos Aires.
Here, we meet the group of horribly bad actors and actresses playing unpleasant characters, easy to *, with characters with a passion that have triangles of love, rectangles of love and love hexagons thatfamid their lives.
Shortly after, they all leave and join the soldiers, mainly in the interest of having sex with other young people who joined.
They are training.
They strut out no reason.
After an hour to make the public scream in agony, they are starting to fight against the bugs.
The big bugs are beautiful, even if their design is only "okay".
Unfortunately, the fights are boring because we * want * all the characters dead anyway.
Cue more agony.
Then some characters have sex.
Then a little more die.
 * * * who cares ???* * *
Cue more agony.
The film ends, the audience is exhausted in their cars, vomits on the sidewalk and tries to go home.
Unfortunately, after this torture, they cannot think directly, do not pay attention to the road, and many are in ugly car wrecks.
How do you remember Batman and Robin were bad?
Well, Batman and Robin kicked this film's sorry butt, people.
Starship Troopers does not succeed as a action film.
He does not succeed as a drama.
He does not succeed as a war film.
He does not succeed as a comedy.
He does not succeed as a satire.
He does not succeed like a parody.
He succeeds as horrible.
terrible .
casual.
I wanted to flee this film every minute.
But I paid for my money and I owed it to others to see if the film improved.
So I stayed.
It never improved.
Often it did the impossible and was * worse *.
The film as he wrote, played, directed and essentially feels simply as a whole as it is the level of mental maturity of a Free Willy 4. The whole thing looks like a film that only three year oldscould appreciate ...
Except for the bloody blood and blood, and unnecessary nudity.
It is written for small children, but children should certainly * do not * approach from there.
Of course, I recommend the same thing for everyone.
Don't approach there.
Verhoeven has a sequence now.
His latest film was showgirls.
He seems to try to see how bad his films can become bad before people keep coming.
Showgirls was a failure, but it seems that, although it will have the chance to bring closer to its budget, this film will always be raw time.
Is it really * bad?
well no .
The soldiers have about four or five lines of dialing / short humorous scenes which are in fact funny, mainly from "Do you want to know more?"
Advertisements that appear throughout history, promoting the joys of the junction of soldiers.
This adds about 30 seconds of entertainment and more than an hour, 59 minutes and 30 seconds of miserable torture.
I am totally confused about how some people really appreciate this film.
But I admit it.
So, if you are ready to put yourself through torture, go ahead and see it and decide for yourself if you like it or hate it.
I don't know how someone or * could love this film, but hey, to everyone.
Do not hesitate to give it a chance.
Of course, in the interest of saving your souls, I do not recommend it.
But guess what?
Alien Resurrection released on November 26, and, having already seen a game and after reading the script, I assure you Will blow almost everyone.
Although the opinion of Starship Troopers is reasonably divided, it will be difficult to find someone who * will not like * the extraterrestrial resurrection when they saw it.
This is perhaps the best intense action film of the year, or at least * one * of the best.
If you really want to see an extraterrestrial war that takes place intelligently and seriously, see Alien Resurrection.
Please avoid this.