Located in Harlem during the Great Depression, the "families" rivals "families" go to war against the control of "numbers", an illegal game lottery.
 The "runners" take bets from potential lottery winners and deliver them in private locations for drawings.
The undisputed chief of Harlem's numbers is Madame Queen (Cicely Tyson) which is challenged by Dutch Schulz (Tim Roth), a ruthless thug.
By turning against the queen, Dutch challenges her partner, the sadly famous Lucky Luciano (Andy Garcia), who wishes to respect the queen and maintain peace.
The army of the queens is strengthened when a knowledge, Ellsworth "hardwriter" Johnson (Lawrence Fishburne) is released from prison and becomes a bodyguard for her.
He himself proves in a short time as he thwarts an attempted assassination (on himself and the Queen), and later took control of the Queens army when she is imprisoned for tax evasion.
The reign of Bumpy is not as sober and moderate as the queen and he declared the whole war against the Dutch.
The bloody gang war follows.
Bumpy faces many obstacles during his reign.
His new army calls into question his methods.
Her girlfriend (Vanessa l. Williams) and the Queen do not agree with her violent solutions.
More importantly (in his eyes), the Dutchman has become a more formidable enemy than he imagined and asks for the help of Lucky Luciano to assassinate him.
There have been so many films dealing with organized crime that it must be difficult to write an original story treated there.
This film is not at all original.
In fact, I was angry with the number of similarities between this film and, no doubt, the best gangster film of all time, the godfather.
If you are going to borrow ideas from another film and not give credit, why not borrow from a less known film (say, Millers Crossing?).
How could the screenwriter credited Chris Brancato could not give credit to Mario Puzo himself?
Here are some of the main similarities (I stopped counting at 10).
Croooked Cop Assaults Blood Relative of the leader.
The gangs extract themselves from the twisted cop.
The wife (or her girlfriend) questions the deadly activities of his partners and leaves him.
A high classification "officer" betrays the leader.
A bloody parent from the murdered leader.
War broke out between "families".
The high -ranking officer disapproves of the leader before other family members.
The new leader manages the family differently from the previous leader.
Large meeting with all the families involved.
The configuration of this film is pretty well done.
I appreciated the representation of the network of "runners" sprint in the streets collecting bets for the Lottery of Queens.
It was the lifestyle in Harlem, and most of the people involved in the queen did because it was the only way to support their families and put food on the table.
The number of results was the only way for Harlem's population to find work.
I also appreciated the interaction between angry and violent Dutchman and calm and the lucky patient.
After about 30 to 40 minutes, all the similarities with the godfather start to appear, one after the other (and in a short time).
It was a huge distraction and an insult to my intelligence.
Who was the scriptwriter at pleasure here?
Some of the individual performances have been well done.
Andy Garcia was very convincing as lucky, unfortunately his screen time is reduced to a support role.
Tim Roth actually plays the arrogant villain, just like his roles in "The Cook, The Thief, his wife and his lover" and "Rob Roy".
The good performances and the convincing configuration during the first third of the film do not compensate for the dull history that follows.
A couple of coincidences is one thing, more than a dozen is an insult.
Directed by Bill Duke
Ellsworth Bumpy Johnson ....... Lawrence
Fishburne Dutch Schultz ............ Tim
Roth Lucky Luciano .......... Andy
Garcia the Queen ............. Cicely Tyson Francine Hughes. ......... Vanessa
L.Williams Illinois Gordon .......... chi
Mcbride
Written by Randy Turgeon, January 22, 1998