The following review includes two versions of Dune:
Dune: Theatrical version (1984) Runtime: 137 minutes Capsule Review: cut at just over two hours by studio leaders, the theatrical version of Dune is a spectacular mess and can be incomprehensible for those who do not know the book.
The visual splendor of the film, the mystical beauty and the impressive action scenes only partially compensate for the gaping holes in the story.
Dune: The Extended Version (1988) Runtime: 189 minutes Review capsule: a bit of a launch assembled by MCA TV Special Projects for cable television.
He was denied by director David Lynch, but he is considerably closer to his original vision because of his improved characterization and his clearer scenario.
Quality dubbing of this version of the Japanese laserdisc version excluding printed are available from various dealerships on the World Wide Web.
 * * * The article * *
Released in 1984 and made with a budget of $ 40 million, the film of the cult novel by Frank Herbert, Dune, was impatient by science fiction fans.
Director David Lynch (Blue Velvet, Eraserhead, Twin Peaks) worked on his biggest production to date, a gigantic company filmed in trying on site in Mexico.
The scenario was characteristic of Lynch, chosen after the script submitted by the original author Herbert was rejected.
Dune takes place in a universe governed by powerful families supervised by a successive line of emperors.
The key to cosmic power is the planet Arrakis (dune), a desert planet swept by the wind which shelters giant sandworms and the precious mixture of spices.
The spice is the most precious goods in the universe.
It prolongs life and widens the consciousness of those who consume it.
Most importantly, it allows browsers of the spacing guild (once human but now hidefully transferred) to "fold the space" and to navigate instantly on their spacecraft through the gigantic, allowing interstellar and trade tradeTo flourish.
Lynch's film by necessity excise from the parts of the book while retaining the two main parts of history.
One is the longtime rivalry between two families, shelters atreids and Harkonnen houses, and their battle for lucrative mining rights on Arrakis.
The second part is the emergence of the young Paul Atreids as the reluctant Messiah long awaited by the natives of Arrakis, the Fremen.
The deeply religious Fremen want a control over their native world, and the young Paul can be the fulfillment of their prophecy that a man would come from external worlds and lead them to freedom.
Unfortunately, this epic story takes place in a confusing and random manner in the theatrical cup of the film, which extends from 30 to 60 minutes shorter than what Lynch was originally planned.
The thought among men of the Oh-Si-Sage of Universal money was that the films of more than two hours were not popular with the public at the time and would not do well at the box office.
The initial Cup of Lynch operating closer to three hours or more, the studio required other cuts to be made.
what a good idea !
Why not reduce an already complex film in order to make it almost incomprehensible?
The most blatant consequence of this borgne stupidity is a desperately nervous story, leaving us with poorly underdeveloped characters.
Thus, their personalities are vague, their motivations are not clear and, in the case of Paul's father, Duke Leto, their disappearance rather devoid of meaning.
The end result is a separate cold: we cannot warm up most of the actors and we do not care much of them.
And it barely helps that the narration of the voiceover is sparse and that the language and terminology of the dunes resemble so much gobelegook to those who do not know the book.
Dune is also a very serous film.
The constant "self-high" by various characters makes it so serious and self-absorbed sometimes that you may have trouble not grimacing with embarrassment.
Global printing is a world full of People so intense that no one is allowed to a joke for fear that the universe will crash around them.
Humor - or at least a kind of sweet humor as distinct of the crazy and sadistic type of Harkonnen - is difficult to find.
You can relieve comparison, but as a writer, Lynch could have done with some lessons from the Star Wars trilogy of George Lucus.
However, the theatrical version is still in a way of being a complete disaster.
He still has enough stylistic quirks of Lynch and enough visual invention to maintain the interest of viewers with a taste for imaginative science fiction.
Whiz Carlo Rambaldi special effects The giant sand worms are a great spectacle.
Production design (Anthony Masters) and costume design (Bob Ringwood) are striking and original.
And the magnificent score of Toto and Brian Eno is one of the most underestimated soundtracks of the last twenty years.
With these elements in place and the advantage of Freddie Francis' lush cinematography, the film is at least a feast for the senses.
See it in the large screen format if you can.
And despite all the cuts, several actors always make a strong impression, notably Kenneth McMillan as a supremely nasty baron Vladimir Harkonnen.
Sian Phillips also strongly records as Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam, head of the religious order besserit who is to manipulate Paul's fate for his own dark ends.
As Paul Atreids, the young Kyle Maclachlan begins a little brisk, but as his character develops in force, he makes his performance and he appears as a credible leader of the Fremen Crusade.
the conclusion ?
Any evaluation of this film must take into account that the original novel by Frank Herbert is a complex work and presents a difficult challenge for any filmmaker.
David Lynch took a courageous stab and, in part because of forces independent of his will, ended up with an officially published version which fails in several respects.
Dune has certainly confused and frustrated many people in his release.
Many have chosen to stay away, as evidenced by the disastrous box office of the film.
The extended version, however, is a fairly different beast.
In 1984, Lynch declared her intention to publish her own special "Director's Cut" edition of the film on home video, a clear indication of his dissatisfaction with the version that ended up in theaters.
But, alas, he failed to do so, choosing to move on to other projects.
In a way, it is therefore partly Lynch's fault that what appeared instead was an unauthorized extensive version, gathered in 1988 by MCA TV Special Projects for Awing on Cable Networks in the United States.
Papée in the action, Lynch managed to ask the director's guild to withdraw her name from the credits and replace him with "Allen Smithee", the standard pseudonym of directors who wish to deny their own work.
He also changed the scriptwriting credit to anonymous "Booth Judas".
Admittedly, looking at the results of the MCA work, there are at least half a dozen cases which, for technical negligence, are reasons good enough for the director to oppose.
But these reproaches must be considered in light of the improvements that the prolonged cut of the dunes offers in several crucial areas.
Most changes involve the restoration or extension of the cutting scenes and the addition of an additional narration, which both fill many holes in the scenario of the original version.
Paul's relationship with his father and associates is more intimate, with moments of humor and heat missing before.
The political skuldugocger involving the emperor, the spacing guild, the benefits and the two houses at war is much better.
Paul's initiation in Fremen's lifestyle on Arrakis is also considerably expanded.
And like another context, a new prologue has been added with a narration and fixed images painted to give us a brief story of The universe of Dunes.
As a narrative piece, then, MCA TV's version of Dune is clearly superior.
As a edition, however, it is sometimes surprisingly inept.
The use of fixed images painted in the new prologue works quite well, but their occasional appearance once the action begins is inappropriate.
There is also a sloppy cup, and in a few cases, photos even seem to be out.
And the use of repeated sequences to make certain scenes (for example.
The ships that come and go, the soldiers who come and come) are sometimes clearly out of context.
This is the kind of thing Lynch opposed, and rightly so.
It should also be noted that several dubious scenes and shots of the theatrical version have been deleted to meet the requests for censorship of U.S.Télevision.
But the most notable omission is a free piece of stupidity of Lynch which was not even in Herbert's book.
The scene features Baron Harkonnen killing a handsome young man in front of his bowllant minions by taking out his "favorite".
It is a surreal and disturbing episode which is very Lynch-Esque but which adds nothing to what we already know: Baron is a bad work.
Despite its own specific defects, the extensive version of Dune is a generally higher film.
At the top, it contains 35 minutes of restored sequences and approximately 15 minutes of modified sequences, made or newly created.
Unless the idiosyncratic lynch has a sudden change of heart, the "Alan Smithee" version remains the closest that the film should have been.
On repeated views, it is suspected that it is closer than what Lynch would be ready to admit it.
However, as one of the great science fiction novels of this century, certain fans and perhaps the late Herbert himself would say that Dune deserved a better fate in his transfer to the screen.
With rumors circulating from a new six-hour mini-series scheduled for the production company New Amsterdam Entertainment in 1998, it is unlikely that we heard the last of the saga Dune.