When Robert Forster found himself famous again after appearing in "Jackie Brown", he immediately signed up for a short film entitled "American Perfekt".
It was almost two years ago.
I patiently waited for the film to be released, but it has never been.
Finally, I forgot it.
The other day, however, while I traveled the selection of the local video store, I came across, you guessed it "American Perfekt".
I immediately rented it and with a certain amount of joy, I rushed to my house to see it.
Having now seen the film, I understand why he has never seen a theater release.
 "American Perfekt" is a mixed mess.
History is nonexistent.
It took me half the film just to understand what was going on.
And at that time, the only thing I really knew is that the film was going to * not present a intrigue in a way.
He wants to manage on beer and so-called charm alone, and it just doesn't work.
Robert Forster plays a psychiatrist who picks up Amanda Plummer, and they go together on the road.
Along the way towards no discernible destination, they meet all kinds of colovers and eccentric characters.
I guess this free wheel, no style of intrigue is supposed to give the film an element of danger and excitement, but all he did was to make me sleep.
I am absolutely to try new things in the field of film, but not to the detriment of consistency.
Nothing in this film makes sense.
The actions of the characters are unexplained, even when they are really bizarre.
I will give you an example, without giving too much.
David Thewlis has a part as a drifting con-man.
At one point, halfway through the film, he launched Forster and Plummer on the road with his car.
In exceeding them, we see that his face is covered with blood.
Do you think we would have an explanation of what happened to him?
You might think, isn't it.
 "American Perfekt" is a waste of time.
Nothing is won by watching this film, except perhaps a migraine.
And if you rent it, do not bother to understand what is going on in the hope that everything will be resolved at the end.
It doesn't happen.
And no explanation is given for the spelling mistake of "perfect" either.