Synopsis: Sonny Koufax (Adam Sandler) is a rich, childish and angry man who has just been thrown by his girlfriend Vanessa (Kristy Swanson).
In order to impress Vanessa Sonny pretending to be her friend Kevin (Jon Stewart) and adopted a 5 -year -old boy named Julian (Cole and Dylan Sprouse) while Kevin is traveling abroad.
Under the supervision of Sonny, Julian soon learns to lie to women, to tell people how he "wipes his ass", to make anger attacks and to shout for his "damned" treats God.
Auto-central, Julian breaks the arm of a classmate without apologizing or even realizing that he did something wrong.
Meanwhile, Sonny Scraps Julian with sweet discussions, food, toys and flashy promises in order to make the child work.
Unsurprisingly, the government takes Julian away from the incompetent supervision of Sonny, which leads to a guard battle.
Opinion: it is a film on a bitter flipper teacher a small child to be an idiot, and we all have cheap laughs because for 90 minutes, the innocent kindergarten never discovers what it means when he imitatesAll the behavior of the bad boy.
It is the essence of Big Daddy.
But there is a more important problem: marketing.
The films classified PG and PG-13 are strongly marketed towards children of the pre-adolescent age and below.
On television, clips announce these films as family successful comedies.
Then, when you go to see them, they turn out to be scorching sexual acts like Austin Powers with characters named Fat Bastard - - or Big Daddy where the adult characters get their jollies by yawning for naive children of five years and by encouraging them toExperience with drugs and in treatments.
Hollywood people are trying to develop a pre -adolescent market for scorching stuff, but I think most American parents would agree that early childhood is a period of mental innocence that should be protected against nursing in the media market market.
For many American mothers, there is probably nothing more pathetic and disturbing than the sight of a theater full of little children of eight without supervision laughing as a movie character, Father Adam Sandler, joke"frozen breasts" of a woman.