Gun brandishing Arnold Schwarzenegger has a change of heart at the end of the film and becomes a believer in God instead of a skeptic, passing by an incredible transformation by having a Christian epiphany in the final scene while he becomes someone whoCan now beat the devil with his sound alone ... It is after two hours to throw people through windows and get more people than your average serial killer.
No one can save this bomb from their own stupidity and arrogance in cinema and arrogance by believing that it is a positive religious film.
It's just a dreck battery ... a
Poorly designed operating project, a pyrotechnic film.
 "End of days" aims to be an apocalyptic thriller.
He presents an idiotic script, a hacking director and a one -dimensional star who has exceeded his peak ... which
Makes this film more stupid than stupid, and it's not funny, not Campy, or is it the least a little entertaining.
It's just dreary and inaccessible ... a
Slasher film with big budget.
Arnold plays an alcoholic security guard who finds his new mission in life is to prevent Satan (occupying the body of Gabriel Byrne and having a Wall St. bank account) from destroying the world.
The film opens at Vatican City, Roma 1979 - where the pope is alerted by a young visionary priest Tomaso, looking at the night sky and seeing a comet pass, who proclaims after watching his scrolls - that's a sign forThe `Eye of God ', who reveals that a child was born who is ready to give birth to the baby of Satan (anti-Christ) in the hour preceding the beginning of the new century, when Satan fucks her andwill open the doors on earth.
Tomaso is about twenty years old to find this woman and save her as well as the world of Doom.
But some in the Pope's circle want to kill her if it is found, even if the pope insists on having faith and letting her live, as he gives them conferences: "Even the darkest days of the world - do evil n'Do not stop evil, but bring more harm.
We saw the daughter born in New York in 1979, which seems to be the “logical” place to seek Satan according to the astrological charts of visionaries.
The elected woman is Christine York (Robin).
He is now a few days before the celebration of the New Year for 2000 and Arnold and his Sage Safety Guard Partner Kevin Pollack are hired to keep a Turd at Wall Street, and when he is dismissed by a Renograde priest, Thomas Aquinas, Arnold SauveéAnd through a ridiculous prosecution captures the less priest language that pulled the blow.
He can nevertheless speak and tell Arnold that a "end of days" arrives as prophesied in revelations.
But Satan arrives at him in his hospital room and the nap in the ceiling while scribbling Latin warnings of "the end of the world" on his body.
It is now up to Arnold to save the world and find the chosen woman.
He quickly finds Christine and does everything to protect her from all the forces of the evil around her, while the film includes rescues in a playful helicopter, people who jumped windows, Satan taking a piss and dropping a match to killArnold's partner while piss explodes like essence, Satan being drawn ... resulting in his pain sometimes from pain and sometimes nothing, as if the director had forgotten in which direction he wanted to have it.
There is nothing to evacuate in New York fire bombs - including the metro, churches and luxury buildings.
The only problem with all these sequences of low -budget action is that it lacked a goal and even entertainment value.
The story was so terrible and inaccurate, that it had no iota of value or credibility.
Fortunately, the film drags towards a final confrontation at Times Square, trying without success to strengthen the tension in the countdown around the year 2000.
Why is the end of 1999 considered the number of the devil "666", "Good!
 ...
Satan's figure is actually "999", which is upside down "666. ''
Consequently, you have just put a "1 '' in Fr have it - and bingo - you get "1999".
With a logic like that, this film could even think that it pulled the wool on the eyes of the spectator and fled with such a feverish explanation of the occult.
This film should become a classic used by movie schools in the way of not making horror film.
I strongly recommend seeing it for this purpose.