You don't need to see the original "species" to assess how much "species II" is completely ugly.
With a few exceptions, the suites tend to be worse than the films that have generated them, but the fact that "the species II" is follow -up is not the only reason why it is so miserable.
This is the predictable scenario, the cardboard characters, the banal dialogue, the attempts to fail humor, the revolting special effects, free nudity (all women, of course), bad game and Fade.
The intrigue, simply designed to bring the extraterrestrial species back to the planet Earth so that it can withdraw from other ravages, implies that three astronauts landing on Mars and inadvertently bringing an extraterrestrial mud in a soil sample on board their shuttle.
The mud, well, in a way on them and the screen becomes black.
It should have been the end of the film right there.
Back on Terra Firma, at least one of the members of the crew is now an extraterrestrial DNA carrier and, as you will remember if you saw the first film, motivated by a strong desire to procreate.
On a parallel track, government scientists have cloned a version of Sil from the first film (now called Eve, still "played" by Natasha Henstridge) and maintain it for certain tests.
This apparently includes observing Eve's reaction to the television show "The Dukes of Hazzard", which she seems to appreciate.
Eve's bio-rhythms deviate whenever one of his "friends" of Kinfolk, which we are forced to see in coarse details, but otherwise there do not seem to be many reasons why Henstridgeis in this film, unless he is written in his contract (hope that he cited a sequel and a continuation only).
Eve is finally freed from its limits - and from its bravo for the final, but the effects are so messy that you cannot really see what is happening.
Peter Boyle is completely wasted as an institutionalized scientist who shouts "I told them not to go!"
At the top of its lungs, referring to the Mars mission, but probably targeted the manufacturers of this piffle.
Michael Madsen resumes his Lennox press role (so that he can go into high security areas, flash a badge and claim to be a press, perhaps?), Just like Marg Helgenberger as Dr.laura Baker, the one whoSubmit the day before to the reruns of television.
They are both incredibly made of wood.
What is a talented filmmaker like Peter Medak ("The ruling class", "The Krays", "let him have it") by realizing this tripe, I wonder.
It is an unfortunate trend, this: directors once talented throwing in the towel and lending their names to undisputed horror films like "species II".
Last year, Peter Hyams gave us "the relic"; no thank you necessary there.
And the first "species" was led by Roger Donaldson who, although certainly no genius behind the camera, had demonstrated a much better judgment with his choice of previous projects.
Isn't that there are no better offers?
 "Species II" is worthless.
Worse than that, he is also exploiting, offensive and insulting for intelligence each turn.
It's not that there is nothing positive to say about the film.
There is .
After 92 minutes, it ends.