What a contrast!
In the space of two days, I saw Shakespeare in Love and Hurlyburly.
I'm not sure you can get two other different films.
While the first was everywhere, telegraphing everything, pushing his philosophy of life in our throat, Hurlybourly was the complete opposite, injured if tight and with so much assessment in his script, we could spend weeks thinking about it.
It is an interesting film.
It is really in the same vein of one of my favorite films of '98, in the company of men, but not so mean.
There is a lot of discussion and frightening information about the world of men.
Hurlyburly did not contain much plot: we just follow Eddie (Sean Penn) when he tries to give meaning to his life and to the people around him.
His big question is: does all this concern him?
And if so, how is it supposed to feel it all?
 "It" means everything: television, friends, events that occur.
I guess it could be summed up more roughly like: what is it?
It is not a film for the answers.
Donna (Anna Paquin) gives but they are not really satisfactory: they just lead to more questions.
This is what makes you stay in mind.
These are the types of questions that occupy our time.
Even when we push them to the background, but we resolve these questions influence everything we do.
The performances are all superb in Hurlyburly.
I have not seen Sean Penn before (in fact, I do not remember having seen it in anything), but it is brilliant in there.
Eddie is not a nice character, but Sean Penn makes him understandable.
I don't want to be his friend but I would like to help him.
Chazz Palminister is also great as Phil, making him a horrible person.
I would never want to know Phil but I always understand why Eddie wants to be his friend.
Everyone in this film nails their performances, which makes this world real.
It is a mean world; it is a sexist world.
Unlike Shakespeare in Love which is infallibly politically correct, Hurlyburly is the world of a man, shamelessly seen through the eyes of men.
I find it fascinating and on two counts, depressing.
First, it is depressing that such a world exists.
Much of the success of Hurlyburly is that she convinces me that these people are real and that this kind of environment exists every day in Hollywood; that there are a large number of men who believe that women are completelyDevices for their world, toys, players.
Of course, everyone is a background for everyone, but in this world, women are far in the background.
Second, the films are made: stories about the world of men.
Where are the stories about the world of women?
Not soap operas and "chick films" which are intended to satisfy women, but the real stories that affect the essence of life like Hurlyburly for men.
Hurlyburly is based on a play and this is obvious from the moment the film begins.
It is very talkative, intelligent and static.
Although it can make the film slide a little, and people sometimes sound as if they cite textbooks, it is above all a good thing.
Not all films must be filled with special effects and scanning panoramas.
Not all films should underestimate the intelligence of their audience.
This means that Hurlyburly is probably as effective on video as on the big screen.
It also means that you should be careful.