Seen at: AMC Old Pasadena 8, Pasadena, CA (in SDDS)
Paul Verhoeven's latest film, Showgirls, had a bad script, a bad game and a "intrigue" (I use the word in its most loose sense possible) which allowed only a lot of sex and nudity.
He put.
Starship Troopers has a bad scenario, a bad game and a "plot" that allows only a lot of violence and blood.
it stinks .
No one will watch this film for the plot, but here is a brief synopsis anyway.
Some friends have left the school register for the federal reserve (armed forces) at a time when the evil bugs on the planet Klendathu send meteors to the land on the other side of the galaxy.
After slipping through the defenses and destroyed Buenos Aires (the hometown of the main characters), the war is declared.
This implies sending the grunts, including Johnny Rico (Van Dien) and Dizzy (Meyer), on the surface of the planet of insects.
Lots of carnage follows.
The troops are removed and sent to another planet to answer a distress call.
More carnage ensues.
After being rescued, their plans are modified to capture a "brain bug" which controls the battle plans of the extraterrestrials (look, I did not write this, ok?).
However, more carnage follows.
Get the image?
The brief "advertisements" of the federal network, which present the image of a neo-fascist state, are interspersed with briefs "advertisements", which present the image of a neo-fascist state.
There are many problems with starship soldiers.
The intrigue, where we exist to chase the film, is silly.
Harris (TV Doogie Howser's Star, MD) is presented with a psychic capacity to speak to his ferret at the start of the film, apparently, we will later accept his ability to put the mind with a "brain bug".
In addition, the first thirty minutes of the film (until the characters register in the service) drag like a bad episode of Beverly Hills, 90210.
The characters are unidimensional, so much so that when Dizzy is killed, she says it is ok because she was able to sleep with Rico.
I had hoped that the use by Verhoeven of an unnamed cast would allow him to kill several of the main characters to surprise the public, but such an idea seems to have escaped him.
The dialogue is embarrassing and is not helped by often terrible delivery (I almost laughed when Harris delivered his speech on the need to sacrifice a few hundred people for the good of the species).
Finally, the false "advertisements" become a nuisance.
Although they evoke the propaganda of the Movity coils of the Age of the Second World War (as they are probably supposed to do so), their total lack of subtlety softens their effect.
Some people will say that all of this is not relevant - the film depends on the battle scenes.
So what about these battle scenes?
Well, I admit that the effects are good - the insects move quite convincingly, especially when they have been deprived of a few members.
And people blow up their brains, their cut limbs and their bodies have torn two in a fairly impressive way.
But that's my problem.
The film's entertainment value is almost entirely based on its graphic representation of Gore, and its attempt continues to degrade us (from the start when the character of Richards vomits on the screen).
Verhoeven seems to try to make a film using the elements that have made a success a success, but fails spectacularly.
While Robocop had a message on the importance of human being and gave the bad guys a certain motivation, Starship Troopers even lacks these simple characteristics.
When the brain bug sucks a character's brain towards the end of the film, it is only an analogy for what the film has done to us.
This film is full of graphic violence and is not suitable for children under the age of 16.