Whether you like the Beatles or not, nobody wants to see Bee Gee's point of view on some of the best known songs of Fab Four.
Well, it may not be true.
 .
 .
Maybe you are curious, the way you have to look in your herd after you are blown away.
Just know how bad the bad can be.
If this is the case, rejoice, because twenty years ago today (approximately) that the SGT.
The Lonely Hearts Club group of Pepper has been published (unleashed?) In the world, and thanks to our modern technological advances, you can find this film of cinema in vogue on VHS.
Derived from the words of various songs from the Beatles, the SGT.
Pepper's tells the story of the fictitious group made popular from the song (and the album) of the same name, released in 1967.
Of course, the film was produced over eleven years later, the Gibbs Three became the lonely hearts, Peter Frampton is the one and only Billy Shears, and in addition to being a rock group, the story isNot at all in correlation with the song.
And oh, what joy - we are the general public they would like to bring home with them.
I do not think so .
But at least these characters are actually * people * in the song of the Beatles, while other characters such as Strawberry Fields (Sandy Farina) takes its name from a song on a * place * called Strawberry Fields.
The debate on this subject is really quite futile with regard to this, because the whole film really has to offer is a celebration of horrible cover pieces, embarrassing cameo appearances (George Burns?!
Steve Martin?!?
Alice Cooper?!?!), And uuuuUugggggggggllllLLLLYYYYYYYYS MODE AND FAVERS OF 70.
Please check, please!
The plot is a little clear.
People with bad hair from the 70s run in leisure combinations engaging in video sequences that look like a sick and twisted world to make a belief of a MR too denied. Rogers.
Average Mr.Mustard (Frankie Howrt) somehow obtains Billy & Co. The instruments, calling Dr.maxwell Edison (Steve Martin with a silver hammer and a singing voice out of key), the Sun King, Marvin Sunk (Alice Cooper!), And some frightening robots help.
Supposedly is it a horrible thing?
I suppose that in Heartland, the talent is quite non -existent.
Meanwhile, the lonely hearts are doing the classic thing of "sex, drugs and rock n 'roll", leaving poor fields of strawberries without his true love, Billy.
She undertakes to find him, leaving her poor father and mom (Mrs..
the fields !
Hey, do you want cookies?)
All alone to sing a horrible interpretation of "She's Lett Home", accompanied by these same frightening robots.
But does Billy have it with Lucy (Dianne Steinberg)?
Do you know, the diamond having a girl hanging out in the sky?
Well, there is a crazy girl singing soprano on the roof of a building next to a bus stop, and I suppose it was.
These are films like this one that make you sit down and ask the question unanswered: "What were the devil did they think ???"
No one will ever know, but as a novelty, the SGT.
Pepper's is one to examine.
Carol Channing, Robert Palmer, Keith Carradine - They are all there.
but why ????
who knows .
It does not matter.
There is so much sense to find here that there is to find in your button-abdomen plush, although the latter can be more interesting.
With the recent assault on nostalgia for the 70s in the world of cinema (the ice storm, Boogie nights, the resets of the Star Wars trilogy, etc.), let us pray that it does not obtain a special 20th anniversary,The second chance in theaters.
In the words of Paul McCartney, live and let die.
In fact, bury it while you can still.