The only question that eats me after seeing Corky Romano is the reason why Touchstone spent so much money by marketing this disposable film.
Since June, I have not been able to turn on television or go to the movies without being touched by an ad representing Chris Kattan as the spastic Corky, screaming "Take on me" by A-HA in his yellow miata.
Why would Disney flow so much money in the Corky batter machine?
Honestly, I was hoping that all GOOFBAL advertisements were actually a front for a decent film.
Guy, I was wrong.
Corky Romano is one of these jets, clichés?-Star-star-star vehicles on film on the most affairs.
Fortunately for the precarious career of Chris Kattan, Corky has good laughs, even if most of them are the lowest variety.
Kattan plays the title of title, the insauntable assistant veterinarian Corky who has a penchant for the air of the sun in the 80s, brilliant ties and slogans of banal coffee cup ("You don't need to be crazy to workHere, but it certainly helps. ").
When his boss of Mafia (Peter Falk) is about to be charged with accusations of murder, his sunbathing rope of Lughead (Peter Berg and Chris Penn) in innocent and black sheep to infiltrate the FBI as'agent and steal the evidence.
As you would expect, the hijinks follow.
If the basic intrigue sounds bad, wait to get into the inner work of this Clunker.
Writers will surprise you with the depth of their inanity.
The identity of Corky's FBI agent is called Corky Pissing ("It is pronounced Pees-Ahn.
it's French .").
He becomes a first-rate agent by accidentally tripping Mr.Magoo-Style on the appropriate clues and speaking of his path in and outside the situations, which plays as something of a sitcom.
And not a good sitcom, I mean.
The brothers of the Romano family are even farted on the face of the other.
And in a scene taken directly from that of Mary, Corky gives oral resuscitation to the mouth.
But this is not a complete disaster.
The Manic Kattan sometimes saves certain moments of comics, including a little with a cat in a big costume named Jesus and another involving schoolchildren, a German shephard and a kilo of cocaine.
In addition, Berg - whose career has obviously descended since the last seduction and hope of Chicago - gives a big tour as an illiterate brother Paulie.
And, it's nice to see that Richard Roundtree of Shaft’s fame gets work.
Unfortunately for those who cannot really appreciate jokes on animals or PET, Corky will not have much to offer you.
So, the next time one of these annoying announcements appears on your television, asking: "Who is Corky?"
You can just answer: "Who cares?"