A documentary by the Twin Hughes brothers, Allen and Albert (Presidents Dead, threat II Society), on street pimps, all African-Americans.
An off -screen interviewer questions them about their lives and their profession.
It is above all the pimps that speak for their HO, and the selfish and flamboyant way you expect it to be, is you getting.
I learned that the word "slut" is their favorite word, because it seemed to appear in each sentence they used.
It makes a film without surprise or nothing new to say, but if you have a sense of humor for what their lifestyle is, then part of what they rap can seem fun.
They all seem to want to be considered as businessmen, in the company, because it is the easiest way for them to earn a lot of money.
It is also a power trip, accomplished by manipulating the girls to work for them, mainly by humiliating them and keeping them in place.
This ladle photo, quickly became grated and exhausted its welcome to my non -receptive ears.
These verbose pimps had an intelligent response for everything and did not know when to close their faces.
The Hughes brothers used as a role model, the feather hatred, coated with fur, wearing the diamond ring, wearing the golden chain, flashy -creicing pimp of the end of the 70s' Blaxploitation films - like the Mack andWillie Dynamite.
Also used as a reference, the Postrone The Iceberg Slim bestseller, the story of my life.
We meet pimps such as: Fillmore Slim, C-Note, Charme, K-Rouge, Magnificent Dre, Mgr Don Magic Juan and Rosebudd.
They easily discuss their commercial arrangements: including percentages, lifestyles, Knockin (steal another pimp HO) and the thrill they receive women who give them money.
These guys did not need to encourage to speak because they just like to boast.
 "The priests need nuns", Yaps C-Note, a pimp from San Francisco.
 “Doctors need nurses.
So Ho needs pimps. ''
While trying to convincingly do the same case all the other pimps in the film; that the girls need it to show them the ropes, how to earn money, to be their safety covers, their protectors and theirAdvisers.
The problem of the race was raised from the start of the film, because a certain number of white interviews, ordinary citizens, note that their impression of pimp, is that it is the lowest form of human.
While we say, in the black community, the pimp is considered a prosperous entrepreneur, rolling in fancy cars, flashing liages of silver, dressed in a flamboyant style, where his shoes access to snakescould cost him a big one, and where he has the Hollywood style status in the community.
We also see that black pumps have a number of white girls in their stable and we see how they treat them as dirt, because the film implies that it could be a return on investment for the days of slavery, ofMaster relations and slaves.
The film was all about the style of the pimp and their projected image, because they direct a riff for sale hard on the virtues of their work.
There are different styles of pimping, but the film only mentions them as "Macks" and "players" or "real pimps" and "attacker pimps", but no other clarity is attempted.
He is also failed to bring the women's team to this story of abuse, mainly taking the pimp.
The film could never happen to the heart of what makes it think of pimp in such a perverse way like him, while the filmmakers took a turn by the pimps, who only sought to pose in front of the camera and to say their thing,hungry for their 15 minutes of glory.
The only laughs I took out of this dark look at an American subculture, it was hearing how some pimps withdrew and what they do now.
Danny Brown has become a blues singer so that he can keep the wardrobe of his pimp.
While a Hollywood pimp called Rosebudd, married his HO and turned Square, working to support his wife and daughter as a telemargent.