Ok, I admit it - I find a camp fun with the Spice Girls.
Yes, the same Spice Girls of the Gimmicky Individual "Identities", they pop bubblegum hooks and the cheesy unifying mantra of "Girl Power".
But even their attraction of guilty pleasure is not enough to make their debut on the big screen, a junky disorder which would be more named Shite World than Spice World.
The film begins quite fun, with a sequence of cheeky title 007 -esque in which the British quintet - "scary" (Melanie Brown), "Baby" (Emma Bunton), "Sporty" (Melanie Chisolm), "Ginger""Halliwell), and" Posh "(Victoria Adams) - are introduced one by one (to, to my surprise, excited and only slightly make fun of the press public) while they sang the silky ballad"Too much "(a song was died at home in a real James Bond film).
A few minutes and a cameo by Elton John later presents an introductory tour of the many intrigues that cross the film: (1) The spicy leaving a European advertising tour leading to their first live concert at the Royal Albert Hall in London; (2) A film producer (George Wendt) and a screenwriter (Mark McKinney) launched various ideas for films to the girls manager, Clifford (Richard E. Grant); (3) a documentary shooting team follows girls;(4) A pregnant "companion" (Naoki Mori) of the group quickly approaches its due date; and (5) a tabloid editor (Barry Humphries) tries to destroy the group using a ShutterbugSly (Richard O'Brien).
Capped by a live interpretation of the inflatable blow of the girls "say that you will be there", a richness of laughter and gaiety is sure to follow, right?
False. Everything is down from there while Spice World collapses in a series of failed comedy sketches.
I have to give girls the credit of their refreshing will to make fun of themselves, but the writer Kim Fuller and the director Bob Spires can barely offer a funny joke between them, and even less a frame organized for all"eccentric" events.
Spice World Vignette Sautles with sticker, Sub -int in Sub -intry without direction and little sense, at one minute for the girls to meet extraterrestrials (no joke) and another by making them staging a daring rescueTwo young fans who fall into the water hanging a boat trip.
While a decent joke slips through the tricks of the net here and there - during a scene of "Dance bootcamp", the girls sing the lyrics "We know how we have become so far / force and courage and a shit" - Many equipment is not funny in terms of little laughter.
Some gags are simply useless, such as the recurring role of Roger Moore as a mysterious leader, who provides cryptic and heavy advice to Clifford.
The only reason I can think that someone would find that funny is the fact that Moore has played James Bond once.
Ha ha.
As weak as the script is, I think there is an insurmountable problem with even trying to make a Spice Girls film, and they are the girls themselves.
The fact is not that they cannot act (and, for the record, they cannot really_) but that their individual characters, who work like a gadget over the duration of a four -minute clip, are too thinFor survivreen outside the truncated world and MTV video.
Posh (who collected the most enthusiastic cheers during the introductions) stands out best by default because his personality (rich slut) most easily translates into the character of a film.
Baby's personality (Young Innocent), to a lesser extent, also works, but the identities of the remaining girls are a little more difficult to expand.
There is really not much to do with Sporty in addition to doing his exercise from time to time (which is _exactly_ what more complete and arrows do), and, after all, which exactly implies being"Ginger" or "scary"?
Apparently, just their cabinets.
Spice World manages to take steam at the end of a flashback performance of Signature of spices, "Wannabe".
The song is as grated as ever, but the energy of the number gives procedures a much necessary blow in the arm, preparing the way for a wave of self-referential humor from the ideas of films of the scriptwriters (the film reflects almost Robertaltmanis the player in the way the film is part of itself).
This section of the film, involving all kinds of Derring-Do involving an excess speed bus, is perhaps the most effective, but it also emphasizes how all the other scenarios (the publisher, the documentary team) did notNo satisfactory gain.
Spice World is harmless entertainment adapted to the whole family, and it will appeal to the Faithful Spices.
But this sloppy company will surely not win them new fans, which the group cruelly needs to strengthen its power as a declining girl quickly in the United States.
Once the media threshing disappears, Spice World will probably serve as the final Hourra of the spices in America.