In the first death film of death, the architect of New York, Paul Kersey, played by Charles Bronson, played the death of his wife.
In the second, he avenge his daughter.
In the third, he sparked a little war to avenge the old friend.
The fourth film, on the other hand, begins with Kersey doubting from the point of his violent crusades and living in peace with his girlfriend Karen, played by Kay Lenz.
However, as it is the film Death Wish, we know that sooner or later, something bad will happen to the Kersey people cares.
This time, Karen's teenage girl dies from a cracker overdose and Kersey is forced to return to her former vigilants.
The new Kersey targets, unlike previous films, are not ordinary street punks but rich drug traffickers, strongly armed and well connected.
Even such a unstoppable killing machine like Kersey needs a certain support, and this comes from the publisher Nathan White (John P. Ryan), determined to avenge his own daughter's drug.
White's plan is to ensure that Kersey kills the main actors in two rival drug trafficking organizations and thus provoke war between them.
The plan begins to take shape, but Kersey's actions attract the attention of two police detectives - Reiner (George Dickerson) and Nozaki (soon Teck -Oh).
Fourth (and, unfortunately, not the last), the Death Wish series, will probably remember the typical film of Cannon Group, production company responsible for some of the worst cinematographic waste of the last decade.
However, although some criticisms can discuss, Death Wish 4: repression represents a slight improvement compared to Death Wish 3.Paul Kersey, one of the most intriguing (and potentially controversial) characters in the 1970s, is still stupid byThe mediocre script, and Charles Bronson really does not feel the need to make a lot of effort in his game.
However, the hand of a veteran director J.Thee Thompson seems more capable of Michael Winner and the action scenes seem a little less surrealist, although they always seem cheap and repetitive and downright boring.
There are a few attempts for the film to have an intrigue between the many scenes of violence, and one of these attempts is a touch of potentially interesting intrigue at the end.
The scenario even tries to simulate a certain social conscience (through the character of Kay Lenz under criminally) and prior to the War on Drugs campaign which would inspire many Hollywood products in the coming years.
There are even timid humor attempts - both intentional and involuntary, as in a scene where Kersey assassinates the figurines of the crowd by a bottle of wine - but the quality of this film is still far from the classics of the 1970sde Bronson.
 (Special note at X-Philes: Mith Pilleggi, the actor who plays Ad Skinner in X files, could be seen in a small role in the purer of the canned laboratory).