Capsule: The pair of gabbet characters in the course of execution of all the films of Kevin Smith obtains their own film.
Gags are sporadically funny.
It is more than sometimes funny for adolescents who love scatological humor and anti-gay jokes.
The plot is low and the tracks are not a particularly funny comic team.
Small jokes and interior excavations with other entertainment and in particular in Kevin Smith's films are the best characteristics of the film.
Unfortunately for me, they were just not funny enough to make the film are worth watching.
It looks like the high school sketch that the director would not let children make the night of talents.
 (And it turns out that he had very good reasons.)
 , stockings 0 (-4 to +4)
A film needs a plot.
He needs characters for the value of empathy.
He needs a story and an emotional center.
If a film is only a chain of jokes, it can only be so good and any entertainment value will succeed or fail according to the way the jokes are funny.
Kevin Smith has now made two satisfactory films, clerks and chasing Amy.
With dogma, he tried to make a philosophical religious comedy and mixed with a crazy game.
Peter Cook and Dudley Moore made it with great success with their dazzling.
But making the combination work is very difficult to do well and the Fécaux monsters of Kevin Smith in dogma were not the way to do so.
His two remaining films, mallrates and his new Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back are squarely targeting a teenage audience.
Jay and Silent Bob Stike Back are a collection of gay jokes, penis jokes, flatulence jokes, cinema pastiches and jokes.
How funny the jokes will be a subjective call.
For me, the vast majority of jokes were simply not very funny.
There was not enough intelligence or variety.
It's funny at most or twice to accuse someone to be gay.
Penis jokes only work so many times.
Presenting themselves as minor characters in each film by Kevin Smith Jay and Silent Bob were an intelligent pair of human race gags.
They were in a way the modern equivalents of Naunton Wayne and Basil Radford, the comic strip duo which presented itself by satiring the English middle class in several good post-war British films, notably Dead of Night, The Lady VanishesAnd Passport to Pimlico.
Jay and Silent Bob were at the origin of the censored generation X stoners.
Over the series, they had increasingly large pieces.
In Jay and Silent Bob back, these are the tracks.
Jay and Silent Bob (played by Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith) are driven from the convenience store where they were doing drugs in the clerks.
This leaves them at the loose ends.
They do not know what is worth doing their lives when they hear that a comic strip with characters visually on them will be adapted in a film.
They decide to devote their lives to destroy the film or to obtain part of this great money from the film industry.
He therefore left for Hollywood to shake the film society and have adventures along the way.
The film mainly talks about their adventures on the road and when they arrive in Hollywood
The problem with this comedy team is that neither is getting his weight to make the film funny.
Silent Bob, being silent, can only contribute to comedy by reacting with his very expressive face.
It makes comedy even less than a hetero man like a Dean Martin or Bud Abbott.
Jay must be comics.
He could carry the charge for both if he was extremely inventive.
The problem is that it is not funny enough.
It is too bland to be half the comic strip and its lines simply do not show a comic strip.
Jay and Silent Bob are far from being a successful team of comics.
Their star roles and low humor make it a comedy for these young people in mind and for people who can laugh at the gags they have seen before - sometimes a few minutes before.
Like the Dogma before, but certainly not like hunting Amy, this film looks more like an amateur sketch than a real film.
Certainly, neither the intrigue nor the characters imply.
These are excuses for gags, many of which still fall flat.
It is dogma without any of the humorous theological content.
The film does not offer much to an adult audience.
I note 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.