1. He does not have a difficult accent to decipher, 2. He does not always speak in a monotonous and 3.
His face does not always carry the same impassive expression.
In short, the former NFL player who became an actor of Fox Sportsscaster is too good to be bad, but too bad to be good.
Unfortunately, the same cannot be said about its first star vehicle, FireTorm, which is simply horrible.
One of the most flagrant problems with long (which made its acting debut in the broken arrow of John Woo) is that it is so mediocre that it often melts with the landscape.
As a firefighter of AS Jesse Graves, Long is supposed to play a hero of action larger than life - the genre of the man who will crash through a inflamed door to save a child or a parachute in a clearingburning to save stupid campers.
Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of the first director Dean Semler to photograph a long time using heroic photos that make Kevin Costner's work in the postman is austere, Jesse turns out to be a good pretty boring guy.
To put it with kindness, it is not a well written film.
FireTorm is a collection of howling lines in a context of cliché of disaster films which, taken together, form something which requires a level of drunkenness of the spectator to be recognized as a plot.
The only reason for which this film gets a star (instead of something lower) is that most of the fire sequences are realistic, and I was fascinated by the meticulous planning which had to be necessary to put them inscene effectively.
We are initiated into our Big Gund Hero an afternoon when he and some colleagues jump in the middle of a forest fire to save a group of people.
During this sequence, our Big Furly Hero proves that he is also a sensitive guy by risking his life to save a little girl and her dog (yes, the dog lives) to be grilled alive.
Flash-anvant per year.
Now, our Big Brund Hero takes over as the leader of its Smokejumpers association, replacing the outgoing Honcho Wynt Perkins (the real actor Scott Glenn).
But that day, our first strong hero, will not be in charge of business as usual.
A group of unpleasant escaped criminals has turned on a Wyoming forest to help their flight to freedom.
Directed by Randy Earl Shaye (William Forsythe), the sadistic flipper which must be killed twice to really die, they present themselves as a Canadian firefighters who have somehow lost on the other side of the border.
Along the way, they meet and take the young lady in distress (Suzy Friends) hostage.
Finally, our great strong hero is placed in a position where he must fight the fire, save the young lady in distress, defeat the sadistic flipper which must be killed twice to really die and restore the order to the galaxy.
The director of Firestorm, Dean Semler, is a former director of photography (he won an Oscars for his work on Dances With Wolves), so it is not surprising that the film looks good.
Unfortunately, it is an asset alone of FireTorm, and it wishes to the end, when special effects generated by computer fill the screen.
These are almost equal to what you could observe on a video game Nintendo 64.
The action sequences, which include a variety of prosecution, are sometimes interesting, but never invigorating.
Everyone, including a long time, seems to go through movements.
There are no memorable performance from start to finish, unless you count the fire of the forest, which generates heat.
As a sadistic snap which must be killed twice to really die, William Forsythe lacks panache.
It is worse than a generic villain; it is a boring generic villain that has no catchy liners to launch our great robust hero.
My advice at Scott Glenn (absolute power) and Suzy Amis (Titanic) is to accidentally forget this film the next time they will make a CV.
There is a small comfort namely at the beginning of the year when I already have an entry for my list of the 10 lower.
 (At least I hope there are not 1 0 worst films than that.)
And I know that I was not the only one not to really hate this film.
While the public had come out of the projection, I flashed in the theater hall to catch a few comments.
The general consensus seemed to be that, although the film was zero, the promotional key ring was cool.
The problem is that Fox will not give key rings to regular moviegoers, so that Nixes is a reason to see Firesorm.