The most absurd remake of 1998?
It is a throw between the Psycho of Gus Van Sant and the powerful Joe Young, the new photo of Disney based on the old RKO photo.
 (I knew I was in trouble when a polished and computer generated version of this famous RKO logo appeared before the head credits.)
There is no big demand for another film creator giant this film Ape, the final point.
 (Assisting the rapid death of Buddy, born to be wild and in Congo.)
And although this last entry is harmless and observable, it is also a product chain product from start to finish, without charm and unpredictability of the jungle series which partially inspired it.
Theron is Jill Young: As a young girl in the nature of Africa, she became friends with a baby gorilla after their two mothers were killed by poachers.
This baby gorilla (nicknamed Joe) grows in immense proportions, and the adult Jill is essentially taking care of his time taking care of him, playing hide and seek with him and keeping him againstpoachers.
Enter the conservative Greg (Paxton), who convinces Jill to move with Joe in California, where they can better protect him in a controlled environment.
Joe is agitated at the beginning; hardly he finally enrolls in the new place that these bad poachers present themselves in L. a., Plotting the disappearance of Joe.
Just say that the film could have been called "Joe: Ape in the City".
Theron (So Good in Devil's Advocate) and Paxton (if good in the recent a simple plan) are good actors, but not good enough to transcend the material, a script of painting by number of Hack writers of Superman IV and Mercury Rising.
The intrigue undoubtedly borrows more from the Lost World by Steven Spielberg than the original of 1949, with the T-Rex-I generated by computer, the ravages of Joe in the animated streets for a recall; the narration becomes particularly lazyFrom this last third, with Jill shouting: "Look, Joe goes to cinema!"
Followed by a plan by Joe Scaling Mann's Chinese Theater; a moment later, I shouts something again like "Look, Joe heads for an amusement park!"And what do you know, there is Joe at the carnival of Pallisades, frightening the Bejesus of the Innocents.
The seams of the last -minute changes to Mighty Joe Young Unrelated Morts are corrected with rapid dissolution.
The film certainly feels uneven, it doesn't matter: the act two is underdeveloped, while a few broking cars Joe in act three goes very far.
Underwood (Tremors, Speechless) was perhaps not the director of work; even the abundant and wild landscape looks dull in his hands.
 (Capturing the beauty of nature requires more than its point and growth style.)
I appreciated certain sequences, in particular the demoliton of a black dinner sequence; and the prologue, also incredible, touches.
 (As Tyke, Joe acts like E. T.) The makeup effects and Rick Baker puppets are exceptional, the real star of the show, despite all his technical flaw, the creature remains too grumpy and homicide to love.
 (Its facial expressions are variations in scowling air.)
To be honest, I saw Mighty Joe Young in a cinema filled with moving children - it is a wonder that I was able to decipher the dialogue.
It is certainly not a film for the combat scenes of very young children, can scare them, while each time Joe is in front of the camera can make them cry.
 (Note: older boys are more likely to be dazzled by the colored range of theron tank top.)
I suspect that Bland Mighty Joe Young is a passable entertainment for a family outing, but they certainly do not do? Em as they did.