A very intelligent form of life which is entirely electronic in nature, is transmitted on a Russian scientific ship.
Well, this is the point where the film moves away from becoming a decent and original film and simply becomes a predictable science fiction thriller.
Be that as it may, this form of life takes control of computers on the Russian ship, then begins to create very advanced robots to help it in its horrible task of exterminating the?.
The original crew of the Russian ship is almost exterminated, then an unhappy crew on a tug discovers the abandoned ship and tries to recover it.
We must no longer say what is happening and where the conflict is, the film is so predictable.
The story is full of very superficial characters who do not do much other than subist.
The captain of the tug, played by Donald Sutherland, made an irrational choice after an irrational choice leaving the public wondering how he survived long enough to reach his age (seems to be in sixties).
To add to this, we are shown this heterogeneous crew which sometimes seems to be very qualified in specific fields, and others seem barely capable of basic tasks.
Some of the supposed capacities of the characters lead to wonder what they are doing on a tug carrying a cargo in the middle of the Pacific, in a typhoon, no less.
None of the characters seem to work together; they are always bickering and binds for a form of control.
This has no sense of what only withdraws history, a story full of holes and is extremely predictable.
All the defects in real history are only helped by special effects.
The waves generated to be part of the typhoon are that the boat was a small model sitting in a bathtub and someone simply creates waves.
He looks really false, which tries to recreate a typhoon or a hurricane cannot be easy to by any stretch of imagination, but having the approach of the storm in a style similar to the huge wave of impactdeep only appears cheesy and amateur.
Also on the subject of defects, robotics that the advanced life form creates seem to evolve extremely slowly, why?
If this form of life which is so advanced that it is able to create these robotics, should it not be able to create them to move more quickly?
Be that as it may, the special effects of this film in many cases remove the film rather than adding it.
As for the real casting of the film, there is finally nothing to complain.
The actors were superb, but again, it is very doubtful that the chimpanzees had trouble playing the roles.
Having the casting that was present probably saved this film from being an absolute disaster.
Watch these actors act this story made him bearable, barely.
The only saving grace of this film is that it was strongly thrilled and that there was always something going on.
So, if you enter this film, do not expect to see anything big and you are not going to kill a little time and watch a mediocre science fiction thriller, you will not be too disappointed.
As the film is only the last of a genre that was originally created by extraterrestrials, it does not more than try to take advantage of this aspect.
This film would be preferable for the video and even then, it could be advisable to simply wait until one of the main networks broadcast it on television.