I cried during _babe_.
I admit it .
The special effects, the story, the great dialogue were so delicately and successfully woven that my mind lost the track that it was a "film for children" - so much so that, yes, I ambecome a little too sentimental.
Such, my friend, is the power of cinema.
When Word came out that they used this newly developed F / X for an update Doctor DOLITTLE, in which Eddie Murphy plays the title of title, and many major comic actors provide voices, my anticipation has increased great expectations.
They cannot drop the ball on it.
I can't miss it.
I can't miss it.
They missed.
What did not go well?
After a lot of reflection, I provide three general rules.
 (1) Do not leave a television actress who became a comedy director near an Urbanite script (i.
Betty Thomas did wonders with "The Brady Bunch Movie", but the same sitcom situation does not work here.
It is as if it raised a generic sitcom and the icy with light doses of modern R&B.
Remove the black distribution, take the atrocious soundtrack and you have the residue of some Kirk Cameron Show from the mid -80s.
 (2) The larger the casting, the less the member of the individual distribution must do (that is to say,
 " air conditioning " ) .
It's great to have the comic voices of Jenna Elfman, Garry Schandling, John Leguizimo, Ellen Degeneres and Gilbert Godfried in your range, but they have nothing to do with other things.
It is still worse, because sometimes their voices are so unrecognizable that you do not get the satisfaction of linking the voice to the actor before the credits.
Now there are three actors of characters who receive a special treatment: Albert Brooks brings dignity to almost all the projects in which he is, and the scenes as a depressed tiger resonate a certain point.
Norm McDonald is doing almost as well, as a wandering dog that learns to bond with Dolittle.
But there is little humor here.
This rests on the shoulders of Chris Rock, cruelly diverted and funny as the voice of their guinea pigs of Sages.
Even the mouth is poorly synchronized.
 (3) Do not let special effect technicians move away with the script.
There is a certain timing which is compulsory in comedy.
Having this timing usurped by the shine of the mouths generated by computer or realistic creations of the Jim Henson's creature shop, is a parody.
This does not mean that special comedies filled with effects or Muppet films are not very dark lilons; with the good director, they can be and have.
Here, Betty Thomas is clearly above her head.
I would like to be able to congratulate the special effects, but they are simply means.
Count the number of times the animal's mouth is diverted from the camera, or too far to notice it, or poorly synchronized.
It is less a "baby" clone and plus a clone "look who barking".
You may be wondering, "How is Eddie Murphy? '
Well, he returned with the exceptional "professor of hazelnut", and I have no doubt that he could come back.
Here, he is attached to a hetero man and has given little to do.
The exceptions are when he fears to go crazy: far from his smartest that you expect a routine for which he is more capable.
It is regrettable that he was where Richard Pryor was ten years ago, making limited comedies without the same bite he had given in his first years.
After all this, what is left?
Busts.
A _LOT_ Books.
I suppose that for children, it can be funny, but I was in the face of stone.
If there is a lesson that the film can tell us, it is because animals also have feelings and that they care too much for your buttocks.