Let me start this criticism by saying that I have been a big fan of professional struggle and that I have been for fifteen years.
I do not really like the fight of the world championship of Ted Turner, however, and I love it even less now after having seen this ridiculous excuse for a wrestling film tonight.
The intrigue concerns two losers by the name of Gordie Boggs (David Arquette, well interpreted as a neandrathal) and Sean Dawkins (Scott Caan) who are so obsessed with the professional struggle that they believe everything they see about the WCW MondayNitro is something more than a flashy spectacle.
When they can finally see their hero, the world champion of WCW, Jimmy King (played by Oliver Platt.
Personally, I would have obtained a wrestler to play the King), he ended up fucking by the evil promoter Titus Sinclair (a Palitiano wasted, in a role originally intended for the president of real WCW Eric Bischoff before his dismissalAnd re -won six months later, and if someone reads this who knows Bischoff, it will be suitable for me that the role of Sinclair wrote his name everywhere), they embark on a quest to find and help himRecover your title.
When they find it, they discover with horror that the real life of Jimmy King is nothing like WCW television.
King is from Ivre Atlanta rather than an English king.
After having convinced King that they do not care that his character is not real, Gordie and Sean pushed him on WCW Monday Nitro, after which Sinclair agrees to book him in a main steel cage match for the WCW titleAnd his return work in Las Vegas at the Pay-Per-View of WCW.
Gee, whiz, there is so much bad things with this film, I don't know where to start.
Yes I do ...
1. The characters of Gordie and Sean show you what Eric Bischoff, president of the WCW who thought of this project, thinks of fans of struggle.
He considers us as idiots that take everything that wrestlers do seriously.
He actually thinks that fans of struggle are stupid enough to believe that it should be taken seriously.
I have news for you, Eric: No one above the age of four is stupid enough for that, it's 2000, you know, not 1985!
I know that he will probably cover the arguments saying that he is not supposed to be taken seriously, but this is the case, because it is how much an ego bischoff has great.
2 There was a documentary produced in 1998, fighting with Shadows, which documented the owner of the World Wrestling Federation, Bret de Vince McMahon "The Hitman" Hart out of the title.
The script for this film is essentially a comic scam of this intrigue with Wayne and Garth of the poor man.
Eric Bischoff tries to make Vince McMahon are bad with the character of Titus Sinclair, but all fan of struggle knows that Titus looks more like Bischoff than McMahon, and that Vince did what he had to do in Bret Hart.
3 and 3
The main wrestler of the film, Jimmy King, has an English King Gadget and the public applauded great for him.
No fan of wrestling, does not take advantage of characters like that these days, we want bad asses today!
4 Well, making a comedy of it, instead of an emotional drama of rocky style?
I know that the fight is not a sport, but you can always put yourself behind a guy who fights as a wrestler and who finally does it at the end.
5
In the film, Gordie starts an unhappy romance with Nitro Girl Sasha (the charming pink McGowan.
What she sees in this monster Marilyn Manson, I will never understand), only to see that she hospitalized King's Trainer to Sinclair.
Wouldn't it have been easier to make them fall in love instead of making the typical spy shot for Bad-Guy?
I hate that .
6.
Finally and above all, there was not a single moment in this film that I could not plan, and I did not laugh once either.
The World Wrestling Federation should have been the wrestling company to make the film, for these reasons:
1. They are the best promotion.
2 they have better and younger and younger talents, artists and wrestlers.
3 and 3 They give their fans what they want and do not treat them like idiots.
4Tones win the notes and they are the promotion that everyone cares about.
5 From the said, they could make a film a hundred times better, and they could make a wrestling film in the right direction.
The only good thing about this film has been that they played outings at the end.
And if I spoiled it for you, well, I saved you to lose seven dollars.