Guilt. The guilt is something that I felt by looking at the basic instinct for the ninth time; the penultimate T & a Thriller, Basic Instinct has made my last years of adolescence.
But I know so well that it is a terrible film, directed by a terrible director incapable of feeling guilt.
Verhoeven then did the even more offensive showgirls and, on November November 1997, unleashed Starship Troopers to innocent movies like me, which cannot control the desire to see giant bug films.
The photo begins with the most involuntary laughter of the year.
A simple and white title card on Noire indicates "Starship Troopers" - My friends and I issued the hypothesis that the day before the prints shipped, Verhoeven realized that he had forgotten the credits.
Is this how a film of one hundred million dollars should open?
were the rest of the film that mastered ...
Starship Troopers concerns a group of Himbo and white white bimbos that all have Spanish surnames.
They are graduated from the school, join the army, then rather curiously decide to go to an extraterrestrial planet and to destroy all the forms of life on this planet.
The story is so incomprehensible, and told so bombed, it is akin to 129 minutes from someone who shouts you with punishment in a foreign language.
 (Aside, club lovers will be happy to know that dance music has not changed in the future.)
One plus: Starship Troopers contains very funny sequences, in particular the networks of the future.
Hysterically funny, in fact.
But the cynicism of these relationships left me curious to know if Verhoeven felt pessimistic about the story between the two.
The narration lacks concentration, to say the least.
The film policy is frightening.
The actions of major female characters are dictated by their uncontrollable libidos.
There is even a scary scene of sex: the charming Dina Meyer comes out, naked, with the van Dien disgusting while half of her face is covered by her opaque sweater, as he seems to love him.
I use the term disgust because Van Dien is the least attractive actor that I have encountered in a large budget image; all chiseled characteristics and machismo, he even praises a funeral like military orders.
Of course, Verhoeven is probably the one to blame, and maybe I'm jealous because I'm so disgusting.
In any case, a film called Starship Troopers should not concern sex.
Exactly ten years ago, Verhoeven manufactured Robocop, who was almost skillfully manufactured and strangely moving.
And R classified, despite his clumsy premise.
Maybe it takes too much for Verhoeven to make a PG film, so he is a master of tasteless violence.
However, ten -year -old boys would love Starship soldiers if they could see it.