August and September are a desert with regard to children's films, and October is a dumping ground for Munchkin's films, studios do not want to see the slaughter against Thanksgiving Family films.
Last year, the gods of the benevolent studio gave us Digimon, and this year, they grant the great movement of Max Keeble in the moviegoers delighted across the country.
Parents will be delighted because they will finally have something to drag Little Austin and Kayla to see that it does not feel as much as the ass that Digimon has done.
Make no mistake - Keeble, which is in fact only a "ment" to be a favorite film, is not so entertaining.
In fact, you'd better wait to blow up your disposable income when real children's photos (Monsters, Inc., Harry Potter) are coming out next month.
But if Dubya Dubya III tells you to go out and spend money to stimulate the economy, then you would better do it (because the gassing of the mini-gaton twice a week simply does not cut it).
We first see the young Max Keeble (Alex D. Linz, Home Alone 3) as superheroes the size of a pint, delivering newspapers with the punctual precision of a cross of David Beckham, thwarting theDiabolic plans of bad ice (Jamie Kennedy, Jayet Silent Bob Strike) and winning the honey from the neighborhood (Brooke Anne Smith), which, by the way, is the hottest chick of a Disney film since Emmanuelle Chriqui hasPlayed Claire Boner in Snow Day.
The scenario is, of course, a dream.
Max is really a doofus and he wakes up during his first day of high school with a pessimistic attitude, no luck with the ladies and only two friends, who may well be described as social parias (and who were both in theSnow day) - The dress perpetually in dress (Josh Peck) and a cute of Clarinette called Megan (Zena Gray by Summer Catch), which houses secret feelings for Max.
Things do not improve for Max when he arrives at school.
He must face, among other things, a red-heated science teacher (Amber Valletta, Family Man), a pair of polar-opposite intimidators (Noel Fisher and Orlando Brown), and an illiterate director (Larry Miller, The Princess Diaries)Who secretly diverts the last penny from school in the football program.
When Max's father (the adult nerd Robert Carradine) unexpectedly announces that the family is moving to a new city at the end of the week, Max decides that this is the ideal moment to take revenge on all those who piss him off.
Whoa - Don't worry, parents.
He does not do the Klebold-Harris style.
These are rather tamed stuff, but Max finds herself in hot water when Dad continues to move, leaving his son swinging in the wind like so many buffer strings.
The director Tim Hill (Muppets de l'Espace) adds some pleasant touches, such as the introductions of Max's Off characters for the main characters in the film and a flashback scene which is quite funny, but there is not too muchFrom time to time here ... unless if
You count a fart, a little vomiting and a few bizarre cameos of Tony Hawk and Lil 'Romeo.
1: 30 - PG for intimidation and raw humor