Stars: Armand Assante (Mike Hammer), Barbara Carrera (Dr.
Charlotte Bennett), Laurene Landon (Velda), Alan King (Charles Kalecki), Geoffrey Lewis (Joe Butler), Paul Sorvino (Detective Pat Chambers), Judson Scott (Charles Hendricks), Barry Snider (Romero), Julia Barr (Normia Childs) / MPAA Note: R / Review:
In the 1982 update of Mickey Spillane's novel from 1947 "I, The Jury", the detective hard Mike Hammer is a veterinarian from Vietnam who drives a brilliant trans AM bronze, dresses like Don Johnson in "Miami Vice" withfewer pastels, and tightened alcohol.
However, he always smokes his lucky strikes, hates all forms of authority and kills at a whim.
Beyond that, the updated film keeps little or no resemblance to the original Pulpy page turner by Spillane, probably the most sadly famous and often insulting by all mysteries writers.
The film begins with a bang: a howler of a sequence of opening credits which is a cheap flight from the James Bond series, with cheesy graphics and a dominant jazz partition of Bill Conti ("Rocky").
After that, the film and the book start the same, with the murder of Jack Williams (Frederick Downs), a detective with an arm and Hammer's best friend.
Hammer declares that he will seek revenge for the death of Jack, and with the help of his dedicated secretary, the blond and Frely Velda (Laurene Landon), and the alternately friendly / antagonist police chief Pat Chambers (Paul Sorvino),He is immediately on the Killer path.
Here, the film is completely divided from the book, and plunges into a complicated and improbable story of government conspiracy and mental control tactics involving the mafia, the CIA, one of the veterinary friends from Hammer Vietnam and a naughty sex clinic.
Many of the same characters in the book appear in the film, but they assume slightly different roles.
For example, Charles Kalecki (Alan King), a runner of figures and a narcotics in the book, turns into a boss of the Suave crowd.
And, more importantly, the suspicious love interest of Hammer, Charlotte Bennett (Barbara Carrera), is transformed by an ordinary psychiatrist in the coordinator and founder of the Sex Clinic.
 "I, The Jury" is one of the many cinematographic interpretations of Spillane's books (including a 1953 version which was made in 3D), but this film differs from these previous versions in a major way: it understands everythingSex and violencepillane wrote on this subject which has never been able to receive a screen processing due to the Hollywood production code.
Although it takes the 1982 version of "I, The Jury" closer to the heart of the original subject, it is in this aspect that the film received the most book.
Rest assured, the film not only includes a lot of nudity, but it is completely violent, especially towards women.
He presents a woman who had her neck flow, a set of twins forced to undress before being stabbed to death by a psychotic deviant programmed by the CIA (Judson Scott), and another woman fired on her stomach byHammer himself.
No one would deny that Spillane's writing has a definitive misogynistic nature, but the film seems to go further by giving it such a glorious screen treatment; its constant equation of sex and violence, a large part of which is played withThe intention of being erotic, is quite disturbing.
It is not surprising that the film, like the book, fades in black with a dead woman on the ground.
 "Me, the jury" had a troubled production and was not well supported by the studio who did it, which explains why he did not succeed in theaters and many people forgot that heforever was done.
The script was written by Larry Cohen, who is best known for his films of creative but nevertheless effective monsters, like "It's Alive" (1974) and his two suites, " Q "(1981) and" The Stuff "(1985).
Cohen wrote the script thinking that he was also going to direct the project, but he was taken from the director's chair after only a week of shooting because he was already $ 100,000 on the budget.
He was quickly replaced by Richard T.Heffron, who has worked for the past three decades on a handful of unstoppated films and dozens of television projects.
Heffron was obviously not brought not for his talent, but because he could make the film quickly and effectively.
It manifests itself in the final product.
Cohen had a personal interest in Hammer's update version, but Heffron does not have one.
He shot the film quickly and awkwardly, and although some scenes sound true, most of them are flat, banal and invariably dull.
The film presents many prosecution, shootings and waterfalls, but the history of Heffron on television are the dominant tone; despite graphic violence and frontal nudity, "I, the jury", takes the antenna of a lively liveTV, without real punch or depth.
But the problems of "I, The Jury" are deeper than the technique.
The central fault of this update is Mike Hammer, whose character was lost in the shuffle during the 1980s update.
Because Spillane wrote all his Hammer mysteries in the first person, the character of Hammer is at the heart of the story because all the events are filtered through his character.
We never really have this impression in the film - there is no narrative of offspring in the first person and certain scenes have no hammer at all.
Consequently, a large part of the texture of Spillane's narration is lost.
The update of the period turns out to be a notable idea because a large part of the Hammer moral code is thrown into the wind.
Despite its characterization as a hard, violent and misogynistic nose killer, Hammer has always stuck with its own moral code.
The title itself, "me, the jury", refers to its anti-establishment notion to be its own law.
Unlike the private eyes looking for the bad guys, then turn them over, the hammer pursues the criminal and expresses punishment.
In this way, he can be considered "above the law", but he still strictly adheres to his own personal code of conduct, his own morality.
The film gives up this aspect of his character, and Hammer stands out not only as amoral in terms of society, but in all terms, in particular his own.
If anything, Hammer has always had his professionalism, but the film deletes it in the first three minutes by showing it rolling in the bag with the woman of a client who had paid him to find out if this woman was unfaithful.
Perhaps the scene was intended for laughter, but it only exceeds the character of Hammer and is, by all the accounts, a ugly way of starting the film.
The blame for the character of Hammer cannot be deposited on the shoulders of Assante, because despite unnecessary mumbles by Marlon Brandon, he offers a good performance.
Spillane has never described Hammer's physical attributes in one of the dozens of books in which he appeared, so that any actor can portray him.
Of course, due to the lack of written description, those who have read Spillane's books will have a strong personal notion of what Hammer looks like, and therefore almost all the screen incarnation will not be expectations (Spillane, who played the character himself "The Girl Hunters" of 1963, is generally considered to be the best of film hammers).
The other actors are the most intestinal.
With the exception of Alan King and Paul Sorvino, all those who appeared in "I, The Jury" were more and more.
Many of them ended up working on television (like Carrera, which had a short passage on "Dallas" in the mid -80s), which only added to the atmosphere made for television of the film.
Maybe one day, someone will manage to get the right elements in Toget She and make an effective film interpretation of a Spillane book, but that's certainly not everything.