Throughout its production and in the first days of its prior initial advertising, the hard rain carried the appropriate nickname of the flood.
In the end, however, Paramount Pictures, nervous that this film is confused with the other sub-performer's disaster films in 1996 (Dante's Peak, Volcano), changed the title and changed the release date from nearly ayear.
But, to paraphrase the bard, Swill, by any other name, felt like a row.
No number of name changes can help this image.
It is not only a disaster, it is a disaster.
The hard rain is the case with a film that is gradually getting worse every minute that passes.
The best blow occurs during the opening credits, while the camera takes place in the streets and roads of Huntingburg, in Indiana, while the water level increases slowly.
The community, protected by an overworked dam, is evacuated while the rain continues to dump tirelessly in the sky blocked in the clouds.
From this moment, everything is downhill.
Whatever the initial entertainment value that the film has, it has long exhausted halfway.
It takes an eternity to reach the end credits - it is one of the most long -term films that I have recently endured.
Basically, hard rain is a sequence of extended and dull prosecution punctuated by occasional shootings.
There is a lot of water, broken glass, gunshots and explosions.
Everything is very routine and without interest because there are no real characters and the plot sometimes has meaning.
The conclusion of the film is so absurd that it is almost worthwhile to monitor the masochistic pleasure of seeing the monumentally silly way that the filmmakers decide to solve the countless sub -intrigues that float.
Action films are supposed to become gradually more invigorating while they rush to a conclusion.
Graham Yost, the author of the speed and hard rain, surely understands this principle.
Unfortunately, neither he nor the director of photography who became director Mikael Salomon (a distant place), applies him.
The hard rain action becomes tedious by repetition.
We see the same types of things- speed debate, flood damage, shootings, etc.- Again and again.
The film constantly recycles twenty minutes of equipment to win the duration of an acceptable film length.
The story gives us a number of thin characters in artificial circumstances.
There is Tom (Christian Slater), the unidimensional action hero who works as a security guard, leading a armored car full of money.
He and his partner, Charlie (Edward Asner, "Lou Grant" on television), are stuck in a street that quickly turns into a river.
A group of men, led by Jimmy (Morgan Freeman), arrives at the scene not as rescuers but as thieves.
After Charlie was killed in a shooting, Tom hides the money, then short.
While swimming and making a way through the roads of Huntingburg, he meets some of the inhabitants: Karen (Driver of Minnie), a potential love interest; an old couple bicker (Richard Dysart and Betty White), who areOn site to provide comic relief; and easily corrupted sheriff (Randy Quaid), whose apparent heaviness hides grim ulter off.
There is no real actor in this film.
Christian Slater pronounces a few lame and does a lot of assault for the camera.
Tom is easily one of the most lifeless characters that the actor has brought to the screen.
Randy Quaid sniffs a lot and is completely not convincing.
Morgan Freeman and Minnie Driver both try to give legitimate performances, but they are defeated by the script.
Freeman, one of the best cinematographic Thespians working today, seems properly embarrassed to be here, but I suppose everyone needs a good salary from time to time.
Following in the wake of Twister, it is another film of natural disaster that does not trust Ict.
Consequently, we are struggling with a silly story of good guys / bad guys that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had.
Titanic has proven that there can be a richness of drama in a film where everything goes underwater.
Hard Rain successfully demonstrates that the reverse is just as possible.
So far, this year, Hollywood has already subjected us to its unique brand of Morone by fire (FireTorm) and water (hard rain).
Fortunately, only two elements remain.