Wyatt Earp details thirty-five years in the life of the same thing around 1865 to 1900.
After seeing the film twice recently, I continued to think that I saw the life of Wyatt passing before my eyes in real time.
This film was boring, slow, boring and slow.
There were a few scenes that tried to be big scenes that tried too much and fell flat.
The scenario is happy with women, but also tries to look like a film from the 80s.
They cannot have it in both directions.
 "I now pronounce your husband and your wife."
Of course, they said that in the 1800s.
 " entrepreneur . "
Of course .
Each piece of male-ego dialogue that Wyatt's third wife talks to me made me sick to listen to him.
 "Oh, was the script written by two men?"
 " No kidding ! "
The film is a torture to sit.
The landscape is boring.
Fades were annoying or shot or for yourself important.
Can you say a bad change?
Everyone looks ugly in this film.
When you shoot people under their chin, they seem to have double chins.
Kevin Costner has never been worse.
He should continue.
He seems to have won the 43 pounds that Dennis Quaid lost.
Dennis Quaid is wonderful.
If you have to see this film just for its performance, go to the theater halfway through the film.
Doc Holliday (Quaid character) appears at around 90 minutes.
Gene Hackman is very good.
Is it in the credits?
I don't remember seeing his name.
Mare Winingham is taking the best side of a small role as the second wife of Wyatt.
Annabeth Gish is good as Wyatt's first wife.
I thought Jamie Gertz played Wyatt’s third wife, but I later heard that her name is Joanna.
She looks great but her dialogue is zero.
She seems to you as well for Young for Costner.
Costner seems too old for 90% of this film.
In his first scene, he is supposed to be about 19 years old.
Yes indeed .
Catherine O'Hara and Jobeth Williams are always good and completely wasted here.
This is the worst film I have seen for years.
The last action hero was better than that.
Go see Maverick if you want to see a western.
Balls for the performance of Dennis Quaid only.