_SOLDIER_ is by far one of the worst films that a person may have to sit who does not have Jean Claude Van Damme.
I could compare it to science fiction cheese which was the product of Hollywood choice in the early 80s, but it would be too compliment.
If there is a cinema in hell, this film plays 24 hours a day.
History, as there are, revolves around Todd (Kurt Russell), the automaton of a man who was raised from birth to be a ruthless soldier in the ultra-conservative future not too far (Are there other types?)
After years of desensitization in a military academy full of other boys like him, Todd becomes a fighter on the ground in a series of wars throughout the galaxy.
Who are the enemies of these wars are never revealed, but the few Todd's glimpses in combat show that it does not matter, because the innocent hostages are as indifferently destroyed as the bad guys.
After ten minutes of this nihilist bin - Yes people, there are more - we see Todd as an adult Buff, marked, now so accustomed to carnage that no confrontation makes him sweat.
However, there is a new wrinkle.
Todd and his brothers are declared obsolete, and a new batch of soldiers takes their place.
After losing a battle sanctioned with Jason Scott Lee from _Dragon_, the apparently dead todd is thrown by a steering wheel of ice (well, that's what looks like) on a distant garbage planet.
If you predict that Todd meet a bunch of pariah settlers on this planet, and that they come together to fight a bunch of bad guys coming to destroy them, you are ahead of the game.
The company Renegade on this pile of trash is so cliching that you half expected Tina Turner and Master Blaster to walk in the context at a minute.
It is surprising that _soldier_ be the brain-child of _blade Runner_ Co-Writer David Webb Peoples.
Unlike this classic twisted the mind, this film just contains enough dialogue to fill about three pages with double space.
Add in the mixing of the inept direction of Paul Anderson of _Mortal Kombat_, and it is easy to see how _soldier_ has proven to be so bad.
And special effects!
Remember flying steam irons in material wars?
Gary Busey is in this film.
'Said Nuff.
_SOLDIER_ is proof that Hollywood still has a lot of bad ideas seated in her script chests.
The fact that this sad film has arrived on the silver screen should encourage many budding writers that there is hope after all.
Now, if you apologize, I have to cry for the future.