Unlike popular belief, all Foregin's films are not released on an American market is a masterpiece.
Some of them are not even good.
Some examples of this principle are the "an Indian Danans the city" of the UN "(presented as" Little Indian, Big City "and redone in this shit film Tim Allen," Jungle2jungle "), and this.
What could have been a little intelligent sexual comedy turns into a disorder of a French film.
 "French Twist" (the American title "Cool", not the real one, which was "cursed lawn", literally meaning "Twisted Ground", or something like that) deals with a couple married to children, and the intrusionfrom a stranger who bursts things for them.
Loli and Alain Chabat (Victoria Abril and Alain Chabat) are not exactly married.
Still on a business trip, Alain Chabat tromits her more than once, and she ends up discovering.
And one day, she meets a butch mechanic, Marijo (the co-author / director Josiane Balasko), and they hit a little.
She therefore decides that she will come back to Alain Chabat by obviously: sleeping with Marijo.
But she not only goes to fall in love with Marijo, but she also realizes that she is always in love with Alain Chabat.
So, of course, she makes it clear: she decides to keep them both.
She will be (and sleep) with each of them for 3 days each, then Sunday, she will rest alone.
After all, she needs it if she is going to have more sex than Sylvia Kristel.
The film continues for more than an hour and a half, by stupidity after stupidity, Twist Moronic after twist, and soon there is the little ironic (!!)
END.
I know it is a completely different culture, and I know enough with the French and their cinema, but it is simply bad.
None of the characters are smarter than Peter Stormare in "Fargo" (a film where stupid characters have been saved to assert a point), and any action they do is almost just to get a laugh full of'Hope of the public.
What is shocking is not only one of the greatest successes in France, but he was nominated for many Caesars (French equivalent of the Oscars).
Writing and staging are really the big problem with this.
Josiane Balasko does a good act as an actor with her role, but her little sexual comedy is not very human, entertaining or even deep at all.
Even Woody Allen's sexual comedy "A sexual comedy of summer night" is intelligent, well written and has a certain depth.
It's superficial, funny and quite boring to look at.
The film moves to the rhythm of a snail and is damn painful to watch.
Thank God for the fast forward button.
The game, however, is not bad at all.
The actors do their best with bad equipment, and Victoria Abril is quite nice despite the script (and the fact that she is stupid enough to try to divide more than two people when she has children).
And Alain Chabat has fun moments as a neurotic husband.
But "French Twist" is just quite lame.
It's not too horrible and has a very, very, very brief couple.
But it's just a really crappy film and an ill -wise distribution example from a foreign film.