If you don't think Kevin Kline in Drag is funny, wait? Until you see Will Smith in Drag-it is even less funny.
As Jim West (Smith) has disguised himself as a belly dancer to bail out her captured comrade, Artemus Gordon (Kline), claws from Evil Dr.Loveless (Branagh), I was unequivocal by Wild Wild West, the new summer blockbuster of the men of black director Barry Sonnenfeld.
Is old West really a reproductive ground for the big comedy anyway?
 (If your answer is no, then you remember.
1869.jim West is a rapid print lawyer who associates himself with the federal agent of Brainiac Gordon, under the orders of President Grant (Kline again, whose printing, for all that we know, is dead),To apprehend the LEGLESS LOVELESS, the crazy inventor who is part to divide the United States and sell it to Great Britain and Spain.
How will Loveless do this?
Well, by pushing the desert in a huge mechanical tarantula, of course.
Bosomy Dance Hall Girl Rita Escobar (Hayek), whose scientific father was kidnapped by Loveless, joined West and Gordon on their train filled with gadgets.
 (Gordon first discovers Rita in a cage, waiting to be saved.)
Racial policy obviously prevented the filmmakers from Juminer Rita dull romantically with West, despite the "trendy" attitude of the film towards the black thing.
 (West automatically derives from anyone who calls him a "negro" before this person can finish saying the word.
great .)
In any case, I continued to wait until Rita said something humor, but it's a dressed toy.
 (Her single comic moment is also the best plan in the film: she reveals shy Bumcheeks through the Peek-A-Boo shutter of her pajamas.)
Jim West is the role that ultimately thwarted Will Smith, whose comic timing has always been touched or missed, as the episodes of "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" demonstrate.
Smith is a better reactor than the actor, which is why he was so deep in men in black, he did not start a hero.
In Wild Wild West, he forced ExSuder Eastwood Cool and amuse at the same time (and from a frame), a difficult feat, I am not sure that a living artist can withdraw.
Smith is poorly equipped, for example, to manage the moment when Jim West makes a stand-up for rednecks to his own hanging.
What attracted Sonnenfeld to this material?
It is not the first time that he adapted a television program for the big screen (the Addams family, anyone?), But it is the first big stinking of their career as a director.
The Wild Wild West is a badly rhythmic bombing, full of doa gags (Ted Levine presents itself as a general who uses a gramophone horn for hearing aid; Levine played Buffalo Bill in the silence of lambs, too intense to makeIntentual), the ugly special effects (the blues-screen screen are amateur-avant lands are never proportionate to the background) and frequent illogical.
 (Namely, his ridiculous villain wants Jim West so far away from what he ...
He on a steel platform to fight with generic and ugly henchmen, instead of shooting him with Blank Rage with one of the many cannons aboard the Tarentule.)
The light points of Wild Wild West, such as the sequence of cool opening credits, the entirely appearance of Bai Ling as a fatal woman, or the brilliant joke "of the voice of her master, are all part of theFirst half of the film, which is smarter "and pleasant, at least, than its second.
When, towards what seemed to be the end of the Far Wild West, Gordon proposed the idea of building an airplane and the West rejects it, there was a collective groan among the members of the public: it meant that we were going to have to pass aAnother strong action sequence before before beforegordon built the glider, the invention of This would inevitably lead to the proverbial Whiz Bang final.