Note of pre-revision: since the only concern of gunshots is "sex", I will be forced to refer to this innumerable particular act for the duration of this review.
Because of this, I will try to vary the descriptions of "sex" words (which means that if you are offended by pejorative terms, and \ or your name is Jerry Falwell, you are kindly invited to hit the X inThe left corner of your screen), so if there is a word you meet and you cannot understand, don't worry, it's probably just another way to refer to "sex".
I think we would all agree that any constantly used word becomes a bit monotonous, so I hope you appreciate my attempt to put away what could potentially be a very boring criticism.
Although it is not as boring as the film that makes Steve Forbes Flat Tax plan seems as alive as watching a naked mcondyghy mathew mcondyghly play the bongos while knowing that God knows what.
Body Shots is a film so frightened by Coitus that copulation scenes are filmed in a disturbing way, how you normally expect a violent attack.
These are people who think of kissing, looking for it and talking about it.
These are things that we all do, sometimes.
The characters in this film pass every moment awake to think about the simplicities of sexual acts.
Their life focuses on the next sexual meeting, but they seemed depressed.
It was as if kissing was all they have to hope for after a week of occupied work.
At his bodily plans is a message film, the kind of thing I could imagine groups of truly progressive churches showing college students in order to deactivate them.
Michael Cristoffer (who made Gia, another film which treated weary lords as if they were evil) is a moralist with nothing new to say.
His characters communicate nothing in interest to each other, then Cristofofer gives them the opportunity to let their interior thoughts escape by speaking directly in the camera.
They express simplistic platitudes like "I like to come" or "Sex without love equal to violence".
eh ?
And yes, it is as complex as the observations of this film.
The characters are stupid and superficial, without registering as anything.
The intrigue concerns the vaporizer of the sexual twentysomething on a hunting all night with carnal pleasure, then mathematics after mathematics (in the morning after) such events.
We meet the characters because they speak to us directly, entrusting us to their silly ruminations on intimacy.
I would normally go in the characters and the actors who play them, giving you the advantages and disadvantages, but for this film, I cannot.
I do not try to be intelligent or full of mind, but I honestly remember everything that would distinguish them from others.
With the exception of Trent (played by Ron Livingston as a subsoil of Bargain Patrick Bateman), the rest fades - a patchwork of false breasts, defined abs, pearly white teeth and creamy and impeccable skin.
I vaguely remember Brad Rowe as sensitive, only because his character gets the worst lines ("Sex without love is equal to violence").
Between all the confessionals, Cristofofer films just like an advertisement for headaches, with blurred mos and a dramatic turn.
The fact that this director at some point has won a pulitzer price confuses me completely.
This film is made without an iota of intelligence or an overview of the generation that its slogan claims to define.
If the bodies are supposed to say that every twenty years are idiots and f * * k-obsessed, very well, I have no problem with a film that tries to convince me to think in a certain way, but CristofferDon't give us one side,.
In addition, one side is not even entertaining; the characters engage in a candle without an ounce of sex appeal.
or realism.
A sexual meeting takes place outside a club on a chain link fence between the two most sensitive characters.
They suddenly have vigorous sex with each other Ason (other than that, they both standing next to each other ??? alas, if it could only be as simple ???.
It doesn't look like an authentic sexual encounter.
Each scene f * * k of this film (and there are many) is treated in the same non -sexy way.
Body shots make fornication dirtier than the most scomme porn film.
This does not show us any pleasure that should accompany him, and above all, it does not show us why his characters like to do it as if they seem to hate the act of doing it.
The resulting research of Nookie (and you can take this cookie ???) over one night, leaves us several tedious intrigues to follow.
The main concern is a lot of no rape that may or may not have occurred.
The film shows us two distinct versions of the possible rape (one where it is consensual the other where it is not) and in both versions, the young actress playing the possible victim is tear her shirt.
This is a subject that could be explored in an interesting way if it is done intelligently, and if the memory serves me, I cannot think of a film that did it, and yes I saw the accused who couldTo be one of the most surfaces of the 80s at Wall Street.
Unfortunately, no one gives us reasons to worry about it, not the writer, the director or the actors who all seem to have wandered the filming of a pestless spin-off 90210.
Paul Thomas Anderson approached Boogie's nights in a way similar to what Cristoffer does here, although Boogie Nights has succeeded.
It was also moralist, but that gave us two different points of view; he showed us how the porn lifestyle prompted his characters, and he showed us the possible benefits of such a decision.
The characters of Boogie Nights were as silly as the characters here, but Anderson seemed to worry about them.
He gave them heart.
Cristoffer only gives them unleashed hormones.
He preaches us, using his characters to preach us.
It is not the way to get a message across.
Why not just direct a public service ad on the dangers of Hittin 'Skins?
Cristofer does this, although without an ounce of insight, and with aid for the exploitation of lips.