A film like Mortal Kombat: Annihilation Works (and must be examined on) several levels.
First of all, there is the crawling use of the Randian subtext which permeates the whole film.
But occasionally, almost as if he made an ironic and self-deprecating remark, the film throws clearly Marxist images.
no no ...
i'm kidding .
Did you have to go there for a moment, right?
However, seriously, and to be just for the film, it is * necessary to provide two points of view: that of an unknown cinema observer (or only familiar) with the entire phenomenon of mortal kombat, and thatof a fan of the firstFilm and / or fan of the games.
The first film (Mortal Kombat (1995)) was concerned with a martial arts tournament which would decide the fate of the earth (and it is 5 billion inhabitants).
The mortals won and, in theory, it should have prevented the emperor Shao Khan from taking control of the earth.
Unfortunately, Shao Khan was a poor loser, and the very final scene of Mortal Kombat showed him anyway, ready to take up the planet because our heroes took a combat position.
The first film was extraordinarily entertaining for those (like me) who are fans of the game.
I would even go so far as to say that many people who did not know the game probably liked the film.
The writers and directors knew the limits of their casting and the basic history itself, and they did not try too much.
There were a lot of really cool combat scenes (with really cool accompaniment music), interesting with bits of distracting (but ultimately non -intrusive) toilets that pretended to be a plot.
And, as we know, the film was a shattering success at the box office.
Mortal Kombat: Annihilation resumes precisely where this film stopped, with an introductory exhibition to the index of those who may not have seen the first film.
Shao Khan decided that he was going to resume the earth * anyway *, and in hell with an idiotic rule on the mortals who win the tournament.
Subsequently, follows about 85 minutes of film that alternates between being confused, being trivial, being silly and being simply stupid.
We have the general impression that the producers of the film thought "hey, this last film was such a success that we can get more money and make a * real * film now."
Too bad they did not simply stay with the formula of the first film.
I could write volumes on things that do not go with this image, but here are the high points:
 * The game is really bad.
Sandra Hess (playing the character of Sonya Blade) is particularly execrable, especially in the scenes where she tries to convince us that she loved Johnny Cage (a character of the first film which is greased at the beginning of this film).
 * In one of the worst pieces of evil that throws badly, I think I have * never * seen, James notes Raiden, the god of thunder.
In the first film, Christopher Lambert played Raiden and played his character as if he were in the joke: a French actor playing a god of Japanese thunder venerated by the Chinese mystics.
I generally like him when the actors are thrown against the type (Tim "Tiny" Lister, Jr. being interpreted as president of the U "the actors, but he is so wrong for this part that he is not even luxuryof the amused self -awareness.
 * There are too many characters who are introduced as potentially important, but who are never reviewed again.
 * There are a certain number of history holders completely devoid of meaning, including a confused scene where Liu Kang (Robin Shou) is looking for Nightwolf (Litefoot), has a mystical hallucination, then wanders with Jade (Irina Pantaeva).
For these reasons (and many others), I can only give the film a 2 ...
 ... unless you are a big fan of games and / or the first movie .
In this case, the following criticisms also apply:
 * Sandra Hess, while being an actress even worse than Bridgette Wilson (who played Sonya Blade in the first film), is much more convincing as a fighter.
Wilson seemed to have simply imitated certain movements taught to him by the combat choreographer.
Hess seems to know martial arts and brings together a much more credible combat scene.
 * In the fights, each of the characters is at least * a * thing they do in the game (and often more).
Sonya makes her "kiss of death", Jax makes her "earthquake", Liu Kang makes her "animality", etc.
A great bonus for those of us who were looking for similar movements in the first film and rarely found them.
 * There are not as many combat scenes in this film as in the first, because people making the film wrongly trying to hang a more robust intrigue between the two.
Idiots and stupid people.
And the most farce fight involved two of the women in what turns into a mud fighting match.
Blade and so obviously sexist, even me (politically incorrect, for the most part) noticed and noticed.
 * The special effects are generally better, with the exception of the final combat scene between the poke and Liu Kang in which both perform their "animals".
Motaro and Sheeva are both more convincing and realistic than Goro in the first film.
For people like me who loved the first film and enjoy the games, I give this 5.
You will probably like him, but not as much as you liked the first.