As a hot defense lawyer, Kevin Lomax (Keanu Reeves) has a special talent for choosing juries that will finally acquire its customers.
He is also an excellent judge of character, knowing which strings to be pulled to influence the jury while decomposing the testimony of a potentially damaging witness.
And, in addition to that, he is a hell of a good lawyer.
In the opening scene, it is obvious that the defendant he represents is guilty, but that does not engage the desire of Lomax to squeeze his client in a creative way through the doors of a reasonable doubt, thus obtaining aacquittal.
His spotless victory assessment quickly captures the attention of one of the most prestigious companies in the country, led by John Milton (Al Pacino).
He was brought to their head office in New York, where he immediately impressed Milton, and later sees himself a full -time position at the head of their newly created criminal law division.
Lomax soon receives the case of his life.
He must defend a real estate magnate which has been accused of a triple homicide.
The draw and his desire to prove how good he is begins to isolate him in his own hell.
He works late, defends the culprits, promises his soul to his business and begins to neglect his intelligent but agitated wife, Mary Ann (Charlize Theron).
But what starts as a promising story of John Grisham on the lawyers struck by conscience takes on a brutal detour while the supernatural forces begin to tinker with history.
He begins like a typical parable where a little boy in the city is large, but must then balance his sense of self against the attraction of money, power and greed.
But Milton is much more than a simple corrupt partner of the company.
Literally, he is the devil in disguise, and as the film progresses, he reveals strange talents that one could only have if he had sold his soul a long time ago.
Bizarre and frightening things are starting to happen, and after a large part of the film, Milton's horrible intention is ultimately revealed.
The film tries to give us two distinct and distinct acts.
The first implies the co -prone of Lomax as a lawyer for trials from major cities.
The second focuses on Milton and its ulterior motives to use Lomax.
Unfortunately, the two never mix well in a coherent story, and what we get is two underdeveloped stories that count too much on a trembling revelation to tie them together and an impressive production piece to give it an atmosphere under-Jacente.
Admittedly, the film is very beautiful.
You will appreciate the final scene where the wall wall comes to life apparently during an animated speech delivered by Pacino.
You will also like power and temptation images expressed through the fleshy and flashy holidays.
You will also feel the loneliness and madness that settles with Mary Ann, knowing that her husband is slowly moving away.
It was one of the best scenarios, but unfortunately, is just a sub -intrigue.
As with everything that involves the devil, you can't expect the worst.
In the first scenes, reeves anchors the film, but slowly drifts in the background.
His path of self-vanity to self-awareness is never fully explored.
His actions seem arbitrary and his reasons for them are not fully known.
Pacino's comic representation is animated, but the vanity of his character begins to move the objective of the film.
There is another plot or two that is introduced, but never revisits.
The goal seemed incoherent throughout, and the final gain seemed fast and cheap.
This film is trying to be horrible, exciting and dramatic at the same time.
However, while the Devil's defender strives to get noticed, he ultimately made very little impression.