The old soldiers never die, they turn into shots
Soldier has reviewed film by Michael Redman Copyright 1998 by Michael Redman
The warrior and the lover are two aspects of personality which find it difficult to exist in the same body.
Jungian archetypes, these two opposites need the other to create a whole, but it is difficult to integrate both.
Often, we will meet lovers who think that everything is simply wonderful and, with the help of the magician of Jung, we sit down to imagine large diagrams.
Without the desire to manifest their plans, even less wisdom to recognize darkness, all they have, are dreams.
The warriors, on the other hand, are ready to go to war down a hat and fight with each last piece of their energy.
They do not care about anything to know what is worth fighting: gladiators who live only for the battle.
This dichotomy describes not only the individuals we all know, but can also illustrate societies.
America at the end of the 1960s was a conflict between old -fashioned cold warriors and new hippie lovers.
Todd 3465 (Kurt Russell) is a living and breathable archetype.
Elected in birth as a soldier, he is raised by the government to be a killing machine.
His childhood is cruelty and competition.
He is indoctrinated by the main rules.
Never question authority.
Winning is everything.
Force beats knowledge.
A veteran of many intergalactic wars, Todd is 40 years old and he is obsolete.
A new generation of genetically modified soldiers is faster and stronger.
Left for dead after a test battle with the best of new killers, Caine 607 (Jason Scott Lee), he is thrown without ceremony in the form of a trash on Arcadia 234, a world of garbage.
Obviously, our hero is still alive.
He finds a group of shipwrecked settlers abandoned on the planet which returns him healthy.
When the colonists who love peace have a good overview of who is Todd, they are afraid of him and he is exiled to live alone in the middle of the garbage in an environmentally friendly world.
They are the other good guys.
These lovers find that they need a warrior when the army chooses this world to conduct exercises for their improved human weapons.
Todd finds himself in the role of protector.
What could have been a fascinating look at the roles played in our culture and the fears of an ultra-right future is ruined by transforming the film into a cartoon.
The effects are mainly second -rate explosions or jerky idle.
The intrigue is an old hat.
We don't even have an overview of the company that created the soldiers.
Almost nothing makes sense.
The science of the film is doing badly.
With all the remarkable advances that we made in just 37 years (the film takes place in 2036), we are still stupid.
After conquering the stars, for any reason, we use large quantities of energy to load huge space ships with garbage which stuff it with light years from discharges.
Still a stranger, the garbage barges seem to double as in time machines.
Almost all waste is vintage 1960.
There is nothing in history that is not predictable.
The first thing Todd sees after having returned to life is Sandra (Connie Nielsen), the woman a little too beautiful to live in such difficult conditions that take care of him.
You don't need a genius to predict that her husband will not be there much longer.
Is it a shock to discover that the peak of the film is a non-armed battle between Todd and Caine?
Who would you guess victories?
Some scenes would work if it was a comedy.
Todd's first alarm clock of human emotion comes when he sees the Mamelon of Connie who crosses his slim blouse.
Later, when he sits near his lonely campfire, a tear rolls in his cheek dramatically lit in the idle.
Supposedly this shot? Is not supposed to be humorous.
Dastard col.mekum (Jason Isaacs) with a thin pencil mustache is as real as Snidley Whiplash.
Responsible for eccentrics and screws from last year Putable but problematic "The Fifth Element", the director Paul Anderson considers the film as "Shane" in space.
Perhaps, if Shane was played by Sylvester Stallone in Rambo mode.
The film does not even work as an action film.
There is never any questions about the result.
In one way or another, the new higher soldiers do not prove a lot of match for Todd.
The game is nothing to write at home.
Nielsen appears almost as a real person, but is soon relegated to a victim of background.
Russell is polite and does a credible job, but it's not really a challenge.
Wearing about 100 words during the film, mainly what Todd does is hitting things and looking at space sinisterly.
Gary Busey as a Todd commander is completely wasted in his discreet role.
Eplus everything and sometimes it looks cool.
Sometimes the sets are impressive.
Unfortunately, "occasionally" and "sometimes" do not make a film.
The most disappointing is that the script is by David Webb Peoples who wrote "Blade Runner", perhaps the best science fiction film ever made.
Live -eyed viewers will notice some obscure references to this film.
Peoples says that it is not a suite "Blade Runner", but a "sidequel" which takes place in the same universe.
Although this could have been the intention of his original script, the result is more like a bad television series than the replicators "Blade Runner" watch to pass the time.
Perhaps these artificial humans would find it entertaining.
 (Michael Redman has written this column for over 23 years and wants to wish everyone an appropriate Halloween ... whatever
You would like it to be.)