Perhaps if the impostors did not have as much to do, it would not have been a huge disappointment.
Written, produced and produced by one of its two stars, Stanley Tucci, whose last photo was the independent hit, Big Night, the impostors almost never set fire.
SPUPTING as a two-day old campfire, the story plays like an ad-lib sketch that has never been polished or finished.
The other star of the film, Oliver Platt, was hilarious as a senator's help in Bulworth.
The inflated support cast is a real acting horn of actor talents, including Woody Allen, Steve Buscemi, Hope Davis, Alfred Molina, Campbell Scott, Lili Taylor and Tony Shalhoub.
All are wasted Save Allen, who plays a theatrical director who looks with disbelief the bad game before his eyes.
 (The public will easily identify with Allen's feelings.)
With the exception of a single original joke involving mirror images subtitles, the film generates few authentic laughs.
The outdated humor is so embarrassing that you will find yourself laughing in the image rather than with.
The intrigue of the film involves two hungry actors, Maurice (Oliver Platt) and Arthur (Stanley Tucci), who accidentally find themselves on a cruise ship.
In order to escape an angry Shakespearean actor (Alfred Molina), who pursues them, they disguise themselves as stewards of the ship.
The exaggerated script has the subtlety of a hammer.
When the tracks hide from their pursuers, Arthur covers Mauritius' mouth as it suffers from endless sneeze.
At other times, we have the typical wacky comedy routine where everyone continues everyone, while going out of the cabins.
With the chapters of the film presented as signs on a scene from Vaudeville, it is clear that the film wants to be taken as farce.
The press notes describe how all those who came to the set pointed out when all the actors had.
Too bad they are not more concerned with the potential pleasure of the public.
The jokes, frequently framed in silence, fall like stones with such intensity that can almost hear them hit the ground.
One wonders if someone has already seen the daily newspapers of the film.
Surely, if they had done it, they would have achieved what head results they produced.
It is difficult to have good actors to play bad, but, if they could not remove it, they should have abandoned.
 "The show is finished for this guy," says the character of Steve Buscemi towards the end.
The mystery is why they have not all abandoned at the beginning.
There must have been a better script somewhere for such a wonderful casting.
The impostors operate 1: 42.
It is ranked R for a little blasphemy and would go well for children around 12 years and over.