"Book" should have stayed in the shadows
Shadow Book: Blair Witch 2
A film review by Michael Redman Copyright 2000 by Michael Redman
Some things in our lives are inevitable.
Death, sorrow, love, sorrow, pain, joy.
We expect these events.
We know that they will occur and some, we are even impatiently awaiting.
This is part of the human condition.
We also used to inevitable occurrences in our society.
While us close to the fall elections, several of them hit us in the face.
Politicians exaggerate their own importance.
Our side is always right; theirs is always false.
In the end, voters are generally forced to choose the least of two wocares.
In Hollywood, the only incontestable inevitable is that if a film earns a lot of money, there will be a sequel.
Even if the original story does not deserve it.
Even if the first film is complete in itself.
Even if success is a stroke of luck.
 "The Blair Witch Project" was made with a budget of $ 1 .75 and exploded on the screen, causing enormous benefits.
The concept was brilliant.
The filmmakers have created a remarkable buzz that history could be real.
The film itself was even more convincing.
The film _must_ is authentic.
If not, why would these amateur images be on the big screen?
The first film caught lightning in a bottle.
The continuation proves that you cannot pour this old lightning into a new bottle.
You must give credit to this effort.
It would have been easy to make the same film again with a new group of children.
It would have been easy, but of course, it wouldn't have worked.
Instead, "Book of Shadows" recognizes the first film as a film and focuses on hysteria after its release.
It is an excellent diagram and perhaps the only entertaining way of making a sequel.
Unfortunately, it doesn't work either.
Five children spend the night in the woods at the scene of the first film.
Strange stuff occurs and they withdraw into an old factory where one of them lives.
Even more strange things occur.
Some people die, there are blood and knives and none of the characters has a common sense.
While doing serious research, the group establishes a circle of surveillance cameras in the ruins of the old house in the woods and promises to stay alert overnight while waiting for a visit.
Then they carry out drugs and alcohol and the party with a very noisy and very unpleasant Heavy metal music metal.
It's a bad plan.
The cast shows an early promise.
A couple is doing research on a book "Blair Witch".
The guide is a former mental patient who has become aficionado ebay.
A Gothic Amazonian princess adds a little comic relief.
The compulsory hot girl is the 2000 spiritual cinematographic descendant of the pretty Nana Hippie, the pretty Nana Rock and Roll and the pretty Nana Disco: the pretty Nana Wiccan.
The uncomplicated actors of the first film appeared as real people in a real situation because hours and hours of video were shot during the days in the woods.
This time, these uncomplicated actors appear simply as uncomplicated actors.
There is not a single character who is close to your heart when they start to cry out for no reason.
Although what passes for a conspiracy begins with a solid idea, it is ruined by poor execution.
The follow -up of one of the most successful horror films is nothing more than a bad film Slasher.
They are trapped in a bizarre old house.
They separate stupidly into different parts.
There are strange noises, they see frightening appearances and people disappear.
Have you ever seen this film?
The director of seasoned documentary Joe Berlinger should know better.
The film offers mainly cheap tips and useless gore.
For a scenario filled with surprises, it is strangely predictable.
 "The Blair Witch Project" was a rare triumph of style on the substance.
 "The Book of Shadows" is a triumph of the promise of boredom.