According to the opinion of the popular film, the greatness of a film is determined by time.
Take for example "Casablanca".
A great film, even today.
It is always as powerful as when it came out and still as romantic and tragic.
Another example would be "Star Wars", which had a big budget very, very healthy despite the fact that we all saw it about 3 billion times before.
But while I come back "independence day" when he released video after being the number one success of 1996, I had the impression that it was not as cool as I had itseen for the first time.
I had loved it when I saw it the first time ( * * was my original view) and I saw it as a good "escape film".
But when I saw her again, I felt cheated.
Thus, the curse of the "event film".
 The "independence day" is like this child who comes out of nowhere and makes everyone happy immediately (with the exception of a few children - criticism, in this situation).
But after a while, this child becomes boring and you just expect the following.
Well, this child is the "event film" in my little analogy.
And when I saw the "independence day", not only did he not seem cooler on the big screen, but I felt insulted all the time.
There are too many gaping craters in the plot and you are just not sure if it is a comedy or drama HOKEY.
A scene, you will see a hilarious scene between Jeff Goldblum and Judd Hirsch; the next one, you will see a lot of tense military guys walking, saying old -fashioned lines.
The worst is a scene between Brent Spiner and Bill Pullman where Spiner is said to be something innocently funny, but was barking like a dumping dog Bill Pullman who gives him the funniest speech since the end of "GlenOr Glenda? "
Now, this boring kid's problem is that in trying to make everyone love him at the same time, he shows that he has no bullets.
And "the day of independence" has no bullets.
He plays safely everywhere.
He launches a ton of action that is borrowed from other superior films.
The Chase scene between the extraterrestrial ship and Will Smith was straight out of "Star Wars".
I mean, isn't that the devil's den?
And the extraterrestrials are about as anticlimitated as the breasts of Demi Moore in "Striptease".
They are these octopus men, boring creepy men.
I mean, come on.
The extraterrestrials of "2001" were more interesting and you did not even see them!
Basically, the plot comes directly from a film B from the 1950s: the extraterrestrials come to earth and we wonder if they are hostile or peaceful.
Okay, this is an interesting subject, but it is not very managed.
Now they are not and in a way a computer geek, Jeff Goldblum, discover that they use our satellites as a countdown for destruction.
Yeah .
These extraterrestrials are not only strongly armed, they are also stupid.
They also use the same type of computer as us, but it takes place later.
The president (Bill Pullman), who is attacked to be a wattle, decides that it would be a good time to be bellicose, and he decides that he will remain in the White House that the extraterrestrials have covered.
I don't care that it is a bullying of the white house, take it from there.
I don't care if you have to inject it with sodium pentathol, take it from there.
Later, he is stupid and wants to fly in the attack on a large extraterrestrial ship.
I think it's time to indict this type.
It is more senile than Reagan on the pot.
Then there is an arrogant pilot (Will Smith) who is the only person to survive the counterattack on the second day and becomes Moses by leading his children to the elusive zone 51 (the only sign of the film to be courageous).
Her girlfriend is a stripper sharing a secondary intrigue with "striptease" in that she must do it for her son.
Come on, she has a fighter pilot friend / soon engaged.
I think she can leave this work and get a more respectable job at Long John Silvers.
It is also a few, the proud, the chance to survive the ignition of L. Un. ( as well as his dog, which survives closely).
There are light points.
They threw enough old films to make me laugh.
The best is when Jeff Goldblum (aptly named David) lights his computer and that Hal's photo arrives and says: "Hello, Dave."
And they even played R.E.M.'s
 “It is the end of the world as we know it (and I feel good) at the beginning.
And Judd Hirsch steals the film by really acting (it's a stereotype, but I still loved man).
But there are no real moments of subtle comics.
Will gets far too many liners and he has no one to play (EXPEPT Jeff towards the end, and the two are doing very well).
As I said, this film has no bullets.
It simply targets a crowd pleasure and that's what it is.
But after a few months, we all go to the next film "Event" while entering the little films and some Indy to make good measure.
But at least Indy last a lifetime.
This one is short of batteries.