Summer 00 'was not very good for devout moviegoers.
He offered neither Blair or Sixth Sense witches; the best big budget that Hollywood could make was an effective X-Men adaptation and an update of the imperfect but entertaining tree.
Nurse Betty signals the unofficial end of this terrible season of summer films and the start of a potentially more brilliant autumn cinema season, this battery (at least for criticisms that must sit through eachShit piece that moseys in multiplexes) when all these Oscar contenders (read: "Quality films") compete for the public.
Alas Betty has the questionable distinction of being the first heap of overvalued waste of the new season.
It is also the first attempt of independent director Neil Labute of something that looks like a traditional image, and I am sad to point out that it is a resounding failure (at least on this website), a mess as desperately saccharin asPeople have accused the previous films of Labute of being of implacable.
I went to expect something decent, because Betty was rented happily, his scenario even winning a prize in Cannes, but I went out to shake my Noggin in perplexity.
Are criticisms so desperate for something unique that they are blind to the derivative of the particular brand of "uniqueness" that Betty Dolls is?
For the first time, Labute works from a script he has not written, and he does not seem sure to manage the equipment.
Betty tries to be hip like pulp fiction (it's another film with a pair of strangely brilliant and articulated hitmen), enchanters like the magician of Oz (of which this film makes several allusions) and comforting like [Stick inFavorite your favorite amomying amomaire amomaire favoritemisfit movie], but in the end, it left me cold with its calculated despair.
This is the attempt to half the heart to make a crowd pleasure and it does not even seem to have half this heart.
The nurse Betty concerns a toxicoma of soap opera, Betty (brilliantly played by Renee Zellweger), who witnesses the murder of her husband, Del (Aaron Eckhart playing the most casual husband since Richard Benjamin in Diary of A Mad Housewife) by twoHit-Foyers killers (Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock).
It turns out that she has her most loved soap in the background and somehow merges the two realities.
She blocked the death of her husband and thinks that she is a character in her favorite soap, a reason to love.
Betty goes on the road to the (with drugs without knowing how to hidden in his car trunk) in search of his boyfriend Dr.David Ravell (Greg Kinnear) while the two quarrel killers follow such a narrow prosecution.
The labute that gave birth to the extraordinary in the company of men, slipped a little (but not much) with his second effort, your friends and neighbors, then came across her ass with Bash, a room heWritten recently broadcast on Showtime.
The play has not shown no movement before as an artist, only the persistence of Labute in the walls in horrible "medium" things that people do, generally without realizing how horrible they are.
In the play, Paul Rudd, as an unpleasant jock, delivers a monologue detailing how he followed a homosexual in a bathroom and perhaps beats him to death, while his distraught girlfriend essentially considers his sadistic behaviors as someSomething along the old boys of Maxime "will be boys".
Another character, Schlubby's businessman reacts to the loss of his work by killing his own baby!
What was once so powerful in the work of labute, occasional and nonchalant cruelty and selfishness (often elements that we all have in amplified to a disgusting degree) had become so exceptional that it was a limit comic.
Obviously, at this stage, Labute could use a dose of different types of materials before it was pigged further, but nurse Betty is not.
He clearly has a little passion for what he does here, replacing his mojo rather with tense oddities (one of the Hit Men is a huge fan of soap, and the character of Betty would be little more than a gadget of a joke if Zelllweger had failed to transcend this) tailor -made to call on the widest possible public.
Almost every scene between Chris Rock and Morgan Freeman fatally slows the image, because the two are designed to adopt a dialogue from Tarantino with sweet ball.
They manifest little chemistry, with rock constantly in upper diatribe mode, acting more like an angry comic strip than anything that looks like a hitman (an occupation which is represented far too frequently in the films these days).
I think rock is a big comic strip, but he could not bring his wild intelligence to the cinema, whenever he acts, and no matter the game, it is as if he was doing the fuckingRock Show.
Surprisingly (at least given her work in me, myself and Irene) Renee Zellweger gives a revealing performance, relying on her baby facing the apple pie.
This large or open face and this seriousness, with helium, suggests a little girl who is not fully grew up in her thirty -year body.
This is the best job she has ever done.
Freeman is effective as always, although his performance suffers nevertheless because it seems in contradiction with the place where the film wants to take it.
The actor plays the role of his calm and calm way, although the film tries to insinuate a symbolic kinship between his character and that of Betty, suggesting that the two are controlled by their fantasies rather than by reality.
It's interesting, but the film does nothing more than Crash land the sub-theme in a laborious speech in the midst of a gravely staged fire battle.
The film has good moments (many scenes involving a very good Greg Kinnear, in particular its confrontation with Zellweger), an almost soothing lyric partition (and you know in difficulty a film when the score comes out as one of the best things additional'is) but nothing frozen, its parts, good or bad, are so disparate that they oppose.
The film may have worked if he had content to be a type of film, a dominant woman and a female art film or a bizarre artistic film, but like the two if they fall as flat as DietCoke.
Betty's scenario makes the mistake of relying too much on the agreement, without which Betty would not progress in the film.
The nurse Betty is a film motivated by a coincidence rather than by charter, like how Betty becomes a nurse in the film, a job she takes to get closer to her imaginary lover; she happens to be at the hospital at the exact timeWhere a shooting journey takes place and miraculously knows how to take care of the victim's injury because she saw how on television, which led her to be offered a room with the victim's girlfriend who ends up withGet Betty in a party where she meets Kinnear ??? a little too well tidy, don't think so.
Betty has an interesting theme, although it doesn't even seem aware of that.
The current state of television has looked towards reality TV with the enormous success of Survivor and the moderate success of Big Brother, with more on the way.
This is a film on a woman so deceived to think that her favorite soap opera is reality (ironically the survivor of real life Sean Kennif took part as a doctor on the soap that guides light).
Instead of exploring this question in a timely time in a way linked to the current enthusiasm of television (because the film seems to be largely a television satire, although the one that would feel more appropriate in the 80s thanThe 00), the film simply uses Betty illusions simply as a conspiracy device to get it from point A to B.Un progress is made and little is put to the ground, except that perhaps LABUTE could useA little rest and a lot of contemplation.