I have nothing against the shameless romantic films.
When made well, with at least a slightly obvious restraint, they can be engaging, sweetening, attractive.
But it is a sacred damage when someone gags it as badly as Nora Ephron has sloping sleepless at Seattle, a hollow and boring romance that should only call on the gullible viewers; those who are ready to joinViews whining Ephron on life and romance.
Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, two of Hollywood's most sympathetic stars play Sam Baldwin and Annie Reed, in a reactively.
Baldwin's wife was recently deceased and he moved to Seattle with his son, Jonah, seeking to move away from the familiar environment which reminds him of his deceased spouse.
Jonah feels tension and calls for a radio program to talk to the world about their problems.
Sam seems ready to strangle his son for calling the show, but when he is on the phone, he begins to pour his heart.
Ephron does this to do this so that Annie Reed (Meg Ryan) can hear it.
Annie is a happy woman.
She is engaged to Walter, an employee subject to allergies and seems perfectly satisfied.
But after hearing the widower of the radio show, she becomes convinced that he is his destiny and is ready to risk his commitment for that.
Five years after this film has taken its turn in theaters, Hanks, Ryan and Ephron would team up again in the much better romantic comedy, although you still have a romantic comedy, which concerns people who hate themselves in reallife that falls in love.
At least this film had a feeling of spontaneity.
Here, it seems that the first hundred minutes exist only to set up for the last five.
The fact that Sam and Annie finally meet is so excruciatingly obvious that everything else is superficial.
Sleepless in Seattle is full of wonderful artists; according to its two meters at support stars like Bill Pullman and Rosie O'Donnell.
But none of them can prevent the film from being a bore.
His characters are dull and empty, his script is not funny or particularly charming.
The script has a fundamental problem: Annie abandons, for little reason, her life with Walter to continue "Sleepless in Seattle", which she has never even seen.
This is the kind of life decision that real people do not take, and it is a sacrifice of major and unforgivable plausibility.
Essentially, the goal of this film is to go towards a goal that should not even exist.
It is a ten-minute short film with eighty-five minutes of filling.
If you had to show me without sleep in Seattle and I did not have to see him again, you could simply call me "sleeping in Philadelphia".
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;