It was with a huge lack of something to do that I decided to look at this on the good old upn on Sunday afternoon, while the only good things on television are the second-order films they show (Some are good: they showed "total reminder" before this one).
If you know me, I think Seagal is probably the star of the most boring action to live.
And that includes Keanu Reeves.
What do I hate in Seagal?
I hate the way he uses a facial expression for each threatening and non -threatening situation (the folds).
I hate these scenes in each film where he does, intimidating people, saying stupid lines with a more false Brooklyn accent than the Burt Reynold posthe in "Boogie Nights".
I despise how he never obtains a bruise in any of his fights.
I hate the way each intrigue introduces it to a single melodramatic fight between him and the villain.
I hate his non-satirical messages (at the beginning of this one, he slaps a quote from Arthur Miller, who has nothing to do with the film, except that it is Brooklyn where this film takes place).
And I hate the way he is so narcissistic that he thinks he can really sing (during the end credits, he has a good piece of Billy Rock rock on him and written by him).
Of course, the guy is probably a nice guy in person (I actually found him very non -threatening when he was on Letterman not so long ago).
But the guy makes worse films that Reagan.
So what is the plot of this shit?
Good ... something
About him trying to catch a stupid crook (William Forsythe) who pulled and killed his partner in broad daylight.
I could not believe how bad this scene - the guy was conveniently with his family, so we get the maximum emotional effect (ahem!).
And Forsythe even said to him a few stupid lines before taking off.
I'm sorry, has anyone ever heard of yourself?
So comes the ex-Brooklynite Seagal, who devotes her life to catching this guy.
And I just wanted to grab it at the beginning, then I finished the film.
But noooo, it drags because he intimidates the members of the Forsythe family (including a stupid owner of bar, and none other than Gina Gershon as other sister of Bar).
And Forsythe more than once threatens his family.
At one point, he actually comes to their homes and tracks them like a non -threatening nicholson in "The Shining" (full with them all hiding in the bathroom, but with an additional bonus of a girl by losing a convenient far away).
Seagal paints himself as an adorable person, with a son and a fiancée.
He even shows him hanging with his son, checking his homework, then about to take him for a little "capture", when he is conveniently called in assignment.
I don't know about you, but playing "wrestling" with Seagal was one of my childhood nightmares.
He also shows him as the bad ass he wants to be, with scenes to intimidate the crooks, and by eliminating people who are stupid enough to attack him even after he is without a weapon a Chinese swinging balds-Mouse with a pool mark.
serves them well.
This film, like some of his fact, has an interesting cast of actors who are really talented, but do not seem to be in this film.
I have already mentioned Gina Gershon (who is quite horrible in this one), as well as William Forsythe, who occurs terribly.
I know that this guy can act: he was great in "Raising Arizona" as a partner of Goodman in crime.
But he's just horrible here.
Jerry Orbach gives the only credible performance in the film while the police chief who checks Segal after the drop in things.
Why is he the only one to give good performance?
Well, because its role is quite small and sufficiently sporadic so as not to tarnish its credibility.
It seems to be right here to give it a cool feeling of "law and order" (even if it is not a "cool" feeling).
And in the cameos are stars of erotic-thriller-cinemax erotic style, Shannon Whirry (as "Terry Maloy", which is more a bad joke than a bad joke) and Athena Massey.
Oh !
And Julliana Margiules of "ER" has two scenes.
 "Out for Justice" proves once again that American action films are zero.
I know there is such a good thing that a good action - his name is John Woo.
But if you are in the mood for a good old obvious, fun and smoking, don't bother looking at that.
It's so stupid that it's boring.