Sometimes, when I decide to write a new one or a poem, I think of a title first, then thinking about a subject to go with it.
It seems that manufacturers of disturbing behavior have a similar thought with regard to the title sequence.
I would not be surprised if a few guys met and created the opening credits, then someone saw him and invented a story to accompany him.
The title sequence is so good, so disturbing and original, that it had absorbed me even before the image begins.
Of course, my attention has decreased shortly in the film.
The worrying behavior, like so many thrillers, begins to interesting and ends up ridiculously.
It is a horror film for adolescents without interesting violence or sex.
It is a suspense suspense film.
It is a story of a small evil town without history to say.
It is a disaster, a disaster without inspiration and without inspiration, which barely misses a play because of some good sequences, a racing time fortunately short and a formidable set of opening credits.
Our main man is a comrade named Steve Clark, played by Jimmy Marsden.
He moves to a small town with his family after, tragically, his brother shoots it.
Steve is very upset by the premature death of his brother; we learn this through strange strange nightmares he has occasionally.
The great trial for Steve is, of course, to integrate into school and make new friends.
Marsden looks like your stereotypical jock to the last detail, so it seems a bad casting choice for social rejection.
As a social rejection, he fell with pretentious-smokers, Gavin (Nick Stahl) and Rachel (Katie Holmes).
Gavin informs Steve that the local jocks group, known as the blue ribs, is in fact a bunch of zombies, assimilating new members in their group, while sporadically killing innocent people.
So, it is our group of protagonists incompatible for 1) to solve the mystery, and 2) do something.
At the end of all this, something happened and things have been explained, but the film still has no meaning.
Taking worrying behavior was written by Scott Rosenberg.
I saw his name recently (he was one of the touches of touches of the Armageddon script), and I imagine that, for the most part, he knows what he does with regard to the script.
However, he had a complete time of judgment when he had the idea of this film, then decided to take the time to write it.
The evil films of the small town are quite common (the last, Phantoms, is also a lamentable failure), but it takes a lot of skills to make the formula work.
The Rosenberg script is a complete mess, even lacking in the most basic attempts at characterization.
And that makes no sense or their goal when things are finally "explained".
It is supposed to be an element of surprise when we see what happens to the jocks, but the film never explains exactly what is happening *.
They are attached to the chairs, a micropuce is inserted in their eyes, and - POOF - they become sex creatures, superviolent and resembling machines.
The doctor responsible for all of this, Dr.Caldicott (Bruce Greenwood), must be pretty crazy to think that this type of behavior is a step in the way the school's jocks really behave (or, perhaps, that isthe only realistic element of the film).
A large part of the writing is simply bad, and Rosenberg has no intuition with regard to the way in which high school students act.
In a terrible scene, Gavin explains to Steve all the clicks of the school, while showing them in the cafeteria.
In advance, I must say that, in four years of high school, I did not eat at the cafeteria even once.
Aside from that, the different social groups he underlines are general, without interest and badly described.
For example, he points to the "nerds", which all bear GLOs ass and play with their laptops.
It is such an obvious photo that I cannot believe that Rosenberg even disturbed.
Most of the dialogue is forced (nobody says: "Bite me!"
more), and none of the scenes has a degree of mind.
This image is not inspired, and most scenes escape from one to the other, without any sense of momentum or energy.
The blame for this can be placed on the director David Nutter, who apparently loves his dry films.
Horror films should at least exploit violence, but it is shy shocking.
There are, however, some good scenes, such as an interesting journey through a crazy asylum (it is however the most forced scene of the film, for the way our heroes get there or why they disturb are things that we do not learnNever).
I also liked the character of a concierge of the school, played by William Sadler.
It has a few surprisingly stimulating lines.
The game is largely a waste of talent.
Marsden is, as I said, Bland (didn't think so bad).
Bruce Greenwood is shamelessly wasted.
Stahl and Holmes both show that they have talent, but management is not good enough to focus on their skills (Stahl's performance is more like a parody of high school potheads).
None of these characters expands beyond their only dimension and, frankly, watching the cardboard cuts of human beings flowing into the corridors while screaming is not so cool.
The worrying behavior is a wreck in a film, and it started a wreckage even before the shooting begins.
I am surprised that there were producers who read this script and thought he would make a good film, or that it would make a lot of money at the box office.
It is not boring, or even obviously horrible, but it is a piece of a film without inspiration.
It starts well, but the regression in total absurdity is so consistent that the very last scene is downright laughable.
So, if you will see this film, follow my advice: enjoy the credit sequence and pray that it never ends.