To summarize the whole film "54" in one sentence would be: watching a VH1 documentary instead.
 "54", seems that someone brought William Faulkner in 1978, brought him to studio 54, made him very drunk, told him to write about it, then resulted in that to be releasedto the public.
A sloppy version of almost a flow of consciousness is shy away in a forgetting of the illusion of sex, drugs and disco.
The narrator, Shane O'Shae (Ryan Phillippe), works like a fat monkey in the New Jersey who, of course, on a whim decides to enter New York and try to go to the studio "54".
Phillippe gives a passable performance that could have been made by any attractive young actor with a six -pack stomach.
He is let in Steve Rubbell (Mike Myers), the famous Studio 54 co -owner because he is attractive.
He finally became a bus boy and then a bartender.
 .
 .
You were waiting for more, isn't it.
There are not any.
The film accumulates from nothing and becomes anything because its culmination (is it not an appropriate word for Studio 54) landed with a thud.
The brilliance of the club and perpetually semi-green customers are used in one to try to show glamor.
For a large part of his target audience, the age of the college at the beginning of the thirties, he tries to show the celebrities mixing with "normal people".
It even fails because the only two celebrities really introduced are Andy Warhol and Truman Capote.
You can be sure that half of the public has not heard of it, another quarter only knows their names, and the other quarter knew that they were already there.
Humor, if you can call it, is built on a woman of eighty years high and references from the 70s like John Travolta and Olivia Newton John making us laugh how stupid we were at the time
The best performance in the film is given by Mike Myers like the Steve Rubell, very high, very high, very ambivlacent, very New York.
He seems to play Rubell better than Rubell if he was still alive.
He looks like Rubell and sounds like him while giving a moderate, almost nostalgic performance, if necessary.
This reminds you of his character of Saturday Night Live Linda Richmond on "Coffee Talk" without dress and wig.
The support cast of Salma Hayek, Breckin Meyer and Neve Cambell is the only one to give additional sub -intrigues which are introduced but which lead absolutely nowhere.
The romance between Phillippe and Cambell, as a soap opera, is completely improbable.
The two share about half of the screen time there are photos of the youth of eighty years to amphemenic.
The singer of Wanna de Hayek seems extremely forced and her husband, Greg (Meyer) has become the best friend of the substitution of Shane O'Shae.
The sub -intrigues seemed forced and seem to have been added just to make sure that the film was more than an hour and a half.
Overall, "54" tried to give a view of the brewing of the place where the crack flowed like heroine flowing like wine.
The film never leads to anything, has no compulsory point and covers a lack of real intrigue with a veil of beautiful people.
In truth, it reminded me of the oils.