A certain number of criticisms have decided that it was the open season on the price Freddie Jr., slamming the young actor as a pretty boy totally without talent on the cruise regulator in career in stuffed animals for disposable and disposable teenagers as "heel-Thaons "," boys and girls "," downwards "and" she is all that ".
Although Prinze's work is difficult to defend, his talent is not.
I saw him for the first time in the independent black comedy "The House of Yes", where he gave a subtle and impressive performance as a younger brother in one of the most bizarre families in America.
Prinze has actor chops; he just needs to play a few support roles in certain adult films to show the non-believers that it has what it takes.
 "Summer catch" will certainly not help his case.
Harmless, but totally generic, the romantic comedy linked to baseball is only killing time.
The story deals with the love story between Tenley (Jessica Biel), a rich daughter of Cape Cod and Ryan (Prinze), a local boy from a working class family who dreams of becoming a big baseball star.
Ryan's concern with regard to his new Honey-Bunny makes his father elitist (Bruce Davison) crazy and endangers his launcher position with a team from the Cape Cod summer league.
It is a wonder that the kid has time to launch, because his time is busy femblling with Tenley, fighting with his father, binding with his own father (Fred Ward, who deserves better than that), fightingWith his brother (Jason Gedrick) and supported himself in a bar in the neighborhood with his teammates.
The filmmakers desperately want to make an eccentric and heavy baseball film like "Bull Durham", but I have no idea how to get there.
And so they slide from a shot to the next for 108 minutes.
The only piece of originality comes from Marc Bluas in a minor role as Texas Champion.
In a first scene from Bar, Bluas, better known as Riley Finn, who fights against the demons of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", hears a young woman complimenting a guy on her ass, then turns to her teammate Matthew Lillard LillardAnd the states, "he has a kindculic
A bubble butt. "
When Lillard gives him "are you crazy?"
Look, Bluas calmly says: "It's nothing sexual", then continues to assess the posterior ends of certain other players, including Lillard.
Speaking of ass, Prinze does not strip in the film.
The actor has a non-nunning clause in his contract, so two storage strokes were used for some semi-naked shots.
Bluas, whose character secretly comes out a big woman throughout the story, obtains another unique moment at the end of the film.
Tired of learning that teammates make "fat chick" jokes, he climbs to a table and downshunting his love of large size ladies.
Although his speech ends up objectifying women, it remains a good change in rhythm in an ordinary film.
Trivial Tidbit: "Summer Catch" marks a Scooby Doo summit.
Marc Bluas appears in "Jay and Silent Bob Stike Back" as Fred of the Gang Scooby Doo, while Freddie Prinze Jr. Jourd the same character in the next big budget film version of the old cartoon.