The main problem with the pet project of Martin Lawrence, a thin line between love and hatred, like any variation of fatal attraction where the protagonist is a man, is that his character is an irresponsible fool, andIf this is the case, it does not seem to do anything except to justify the actions of the woman.
This is particularly the case in Darnell Wright of Lawrence.
He is one of those macho guys with women aligned with a long mile.
Now don't think I tolerate it just because I'm a man.
My philosophy is that if you are one of the rare heterosexual men lucky enough to get their hands on a beautiful nice girl, you should treat her like a princess and respect her.
Darnell doesn't think like that.
He sleeps with these girls once and throws them.
And by the period of the film, he discovered that his new target, the beautiful and rich brand web (played well by Whitfield) which runs a prosperous real estate company, is there to kill him for having poured him for his friend for children Mia(King), I found myself thinking: "I'm supposed to be sorry for this guy?"
After all, it is largely Darnell's fault.
If he aligns all these women, one might think that he would have enough common sense to think that it would one day turn over him, as his mother says.
But he does not do so, so you have the impression that he is not only irresponsible, but also quite stupid.
You especially have this feeling that he is stupid after Brandi told her that she killed her husband for having abused her.
 (I would put my pants in two seconds after that!)
Now Brandi is a psycho dog, but it is difficult not to agree with what she says to Darnell during the final on guys like him who treat her like garbage.
A final flaw, however, is to let Brandi fall for Darnell to start.
Brandi is a chic and intelligent woman with a Harvard MBA, who initially resists Darnell's "immature play" as she calls her, like any woman as she would do in real life.
But all of a sudden, she says yes.
But when you listen to Darnell's vocabulary with four letters, look at her actions, you wonder why such a smart woman would fall for a guy like Darnell, and even less an obsession as unhealthy for him!
Lawrence can be good when he wants, but to prove it, he must let other people write and direct his films.
Watch this film.
Four writers, consequently, it is too long (two hours, when he could easily have worked at ninety minutes!) And he has a lot of sub -intrigues and characters who appear and disappear as quickly asThey came (which makes me think of writers not heard), which is not necessary.
However, there are a few light points.
Whitfield, Regina King, Della Reese and Bobby Brown do all they can with lazily written pieces, and they help him a lot.
And there are funny games (like, for example, the scene where Reese tries to fight Whitfeld for having harassed his son and damaging his property), but they are simply not enough to support the film.