Tomb Raider .
amusing ?
exciting ?
difficult ?
Given the unprecedented popularity (especially among adolescents) of video games that has a girl from Uber-Bouffe pistol who makes raids ...
Graves, you must believe that these are these three things and more!
 "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider", the big screen variant of said video game, which presents an Angelina Jolie Pompey (the Oscar? The winner of "Girl, interrupted" no less) in the title role is, however, nothingof these things.
It's not fun, it's not exciting, and the only challenge is to see how long you can stay in your seat (I suffered from the bitter and bitter end; the woman opted for Barnes & Nobleat 45 minutes).
Directed by Simon West with the same subtlety that he brought to "Con Air", "Tomb Raider" is a bullshit with a large budget with an empty head.
The story borrows unintelligent from this mother of all the "Hudson Hawk" turkey (the same Hokum on planetary alignments and sacred stones which, when they are united, well ...
Who devilish cares?) And that makes "Super Mario Bros".(Bob Hoskins' bad career movement) looks like "Rocco and his brothers" (this classic of Italian neo-realism).
I will go out on a member here and say that I suspect that there is in fact more development of characters in video games than the film itself.
This is where the deviations of defenders / video games intervene intervene and say that this film does not concern the development of characters, it is a question of kicking serious buttocks (or buttocks, since Mme.Croft is from Green and Pleasant from England).
With lips, breasts and biceps all swollen to the maximum, Lara Croft is a question of posture, and pretty has trouble keeping motionless without trying to appear hard.
Ok, forget the challenge.
Shouldn't the "Tomb Raider" be, at the very least, fun and exciting?
Should not our kick heroine also include the sophistication of, say, James Bond with the spirit of Indiana Jones?
There is no humor to find anywhere in "Tomb Raider", even if it tries from time to time.
Even "The Mummy Returns" did not get too seriously.
The villain here is significantly, the special effects are ridiculously exaggerated and unnecessarily complicated, and the script is nonexistent.
To animate things (perhaps), the living father of Jolie, Jon Voight, put in a few minutes as the deceased father of Lara, Lord Croft; talk about a section.
One thing that I did not expect from the film is that pretty affects an English accent slightly better than her PA (although I suspect that the thin mustache that he is forced to wear is set out).
without success? Not entirely.
If anything, "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider" makes you want to consult the video game itself to understand exactly what everything was.