Billy Crystal reappears in another Comedy of High Concept.
He tries to infuse a certain life, but he gets bogged down with sentimentality and a lack of sophistication.
Sammy (Billy Crystal) is an agent in difficulty at the end of his strings.
He is separated from his wife, Serena (Kathleen Quinlan), and until her last serious customer ... in a small budget shoot in Romania.
But in a turn of unluckiness, Sammy gets his car ... Only
To be mysteriously saved by a giant (Muresan gheorghe).
But this giant has a gold heart.
He leads a lonely life, helping the monks in a local monastery.
His only desire is for her love lost for a long time, Lilianna (Joanna Pacula), who has since moved to America.
Sammy, seeing a golden ticket, convinces Max to become an actor (represented by Sammy, of course), and to return to America.
And so Sam and Max bounce from a pathetic work to a pathetic work, Sammy who hung a meeting with Lilianna as a carrot before Max's nose.
But slowly Sammy's deceptions are starting to haunt him.
But will he develop a consciousness before the maximum innocent becomes disillusioned.
Humor in my giant is not the biggest in the world.
Above all, he is the "boy's" category ... he is
so big !",
And it can only go so far, it doesn't matter how hard talent is trying.
However, its slightly fun parts are clever when the film gets bogged down in saved moments.
The best moment in the film (and that doesn't say much) is part of Steven Seagal, playing himself.
Between the executive decision and that, all the best roles in Seagal were the cameos.
Maybe he should consider a change of work: Steven Seagal, the character actor!
Gheorghe Muresan is not at all a natural actor, and his thick cotton mouth accent certainly does not help.
In fact, the only thing he adds to this role is his immense stature.
Originally, the concept was designed several years ago for Andre the giant.
Andre also had a heavy accent, but he showed a talent for comedy in the princess's bride ... something
Muresan should have studied for some pointers.
Why is Billy Crystal continuously taken in these pathetic comedies?
He proved that he can be much funnier than these formula films allow it, and yet, like a gluttonment for punishment, he constantly returns.
This does not mean that we have to do it.