Dear God, it's a fantastically bad film!
Regardless of what I say about Knock Off, you cannot enter his horror from my words.
You must see it and feel it for yourself.
Here is the kicker, however - I suggest you do it.
Yes, it is a bad film - easily one of the most incompetent films of the year - but it has a certain erroneous charm which makes it a unique type of disaster to endure.
In fact, I appreciated myself for most of its brief duration, despite the terrible game and a completely incomprehensible story.
Don't get me wrong: I don't apologize.
He reaches an unacceptable level of wickedness; it is so incoherent that I wonder if he was hacked worse than the Avengers.
He also presents really terrible performances by Lela Rochon, Michael Wong, Paul Sorvino and - of course - Jean -Claude Van Damme.
However, he has the entertaining presence of Rob Schneider, and the excessively inventive and pretentious direction of Tsui Hark.
Looking at him, I sometimes wondered if he was aware of his own horror.
Now, retrospectively, it seems clear that it was not the case, but it is always a fascinating waste.
I do not like to write descriptions of the intrigue (it is by far the most boring part of the writing of a criticism), but, in this case, I am won: there is no means of'Write a specific synopsis for Knockdésactivés.
For the sake of comparison, I had no trouble understanding the usual suspects during my first visualization.
I paid more attention to Knock Off, and the only thing I am able to say about this is that Van Damme plays a guy named Ray, and is accused by the CIA (I think) of sellingKnock-off products (Knock-Off products are, of course, products that look like brand materials but that are generic and cheap).
I don't know what it has to do with martial arts, but there are a lot of martial arts in the film.
Ray is good in martial arts, so when he has to beat the bad guys, there is no problem.
Rob Schneider plays his acolyte, even if I didn't know who he was really at the end of the film.
Lela Rochon is only a woman who accuses them of stuff, while Paul Sorvino is both the good guy and the villain at the same time!
In fact, each character goes through so many changes of good to bad that the end gives absolutely no glimpse of what really do.
In this order, Knock Off is completely inconsistent and has absolutely no sense.
But what a strange mess it's.
It was written by Stephen E.de Souza, who also wrote Die Hard and 48 hours.
Can it be the same man?
I do not see how, unless, of course, huge songs from the film were deleted for the time of execution.
Knock Off seems to have an interesting premise (with regard to action films), but there is no similar here.
For example, Van Damme is presented, then a few seconds later, he directed a tank race in the streets of Hong Kong.
Why ?
who knows .
What are the consequences of this?
I have no idea .
Most action films abandon the depth in favor of action, and it is normally a problem.
Knock OFF, however, is the first film I would have preferred to see with all the speaking sequences coupées.
The game is embarrassing: Rochon, in particular, delivers each of its lines with stiff and talent insincerity.
Sorvino, moreover, deserves better than that.
Van Damme is bad, but it is charming in this bad way, and so I cannot say that it is difficult to look at (even if I rarely understood what he said).
The only exception is Rob Schneider, who is actually quite funny most of the time.
Tsui uses so many things that he makes John Woo apprivoisé in comparison.
These are all unnecessary gadgets, however, like photos of the interior workers of a Knock OFF race shoe.
But his action scenes are never boring: a particular room inside a fruit plant (a fruit plant?) ed.
Many scenes are well launched to comedy, such as the first meeting of our heroes with the character of Rochon.
But did Tsui knew that his film is beyond Ludicrous?
I hope he did it, because the alternative is a frightening thought.
Knock OFF has the feeling of a really terrible exercise at Camp Mania.
If it was boring, I would give him zero stars.
But it is not boring: it is noisy and excessive and completely inconsistent.
It's also funny, even when it doesn't mean being funny.
A bad film that succeeds as an entertainment does not deserve to be completely castigated.
I recognize Knock-Off for his irrefutable wickedness, but I cannot deny that it is a wacky and useless charm.
Oh, I know, these are only action scenes that desperately seek a real story, but these are fun action scenes among a host of ridiculins concepts.
It's fun to admire the horror of a film like this, but that does not excuse the fact that it is, indeed, horrible.