Gordie Boggs (Arquette, rightly broken like a moron, as he is one) and his best friend Sean Dawkins (Scott Caan.
The son of James Caan should not be reduced to garbage like that!) Are two losers of Wyoming unemployed and without a girlfriend, who admire the champion of the world championship Jimmy King (a terribly castered Oliver Platt), because heis all they are not.
They can finally see him live and he is fucked up from his title by the villain, the ruthless promoter Titus Sinclair (a Palitaliano wasted, in a role originally intended for the president of real WCW, Eric Bischoff, whose name hasbeen written everywhere in the role!).
Gordie and Sean find King in Atlanta and discover that he is not really the English king that WCW writers created for him, but a drunk and ignorant southern who is as irritated by these two lunkheads as Bob Newhart was byLarry, Darryl and Darryl.
They pushed him back on WCW TV, after which Sinclair agrees to book him in a steel cage match in Las Vegas during the next Pay-Per-View of WCW, against his rival, Diamond Dallas Page.
If he wins, King obtains his title and his career, plus a million dollars.
The president of WCW, Eric Bischoff, knowing that his promotion was desperate with bad writing and arrow notes thanks to the World Federation of very superior struggle, had the idea of this film hoping that it would save WCW.
He was then dismissed and rehired two months ago, but when he had left, they had already been contracted to make the film, and Bischoff could not play Sinclair (which, in itself, is for better, asQuicon who had seen on WCW programming knows that Bischoff is not an actor!).
The characters of Gordie and Sean show you exactly what Eric Bischoff thinks of his fans.
He considers them as young stupid pathetic idiots who will believe everything that will be turned off in front of them is real.
This is why he does not take into account the fans when he reserves a nitro or a payment in sight.
I have news for you, Eric: No fan of struggle today is stupid enough to believe that the professional struggle is not for the show, unless they are four years old.
It's 2000, you know, not 1985.
Bischoff will try to hide criticism like this by saying that it is a comedy, but I have no doubt in my mind if it had been a dramatic film of rocky style (which it should probably be.
The professional struggle is enough ridiculed as it is, why should the first wrestling film in ten years be a comedy?), Gordie and Sean have been represented under the same light.
Anyone who saw the documentary struggling with Shadows, documenting the double cross by the owner of WWF, Vince McMahon, will probably realize via the criticism and the previews of Ready to Rumble, that it is essentially a scam ofScript for this film with the poor Man and Garth of Man participated in a comic effect.
You can say that Titus Sinclair is supposed to make fun of Vince, but any self -respecting fan of wrestling knows that Sinclair is more inspired by Bischoff than Vince, and that Vince did what he had to do in Bret Hart.
All these aspects of the film, needless to say, seriously offended me as a fan of struggle.
Another thing that I found disturbing about the film was the romance between Gordie and Nitro Girl Sasha (the charming pink McGowan).
Wouldn't it have been easier to bring something new into the relationship rather than revealing that it only worked on Gordie during the insistence of Sinclair?
I hate this shot!
The World Watch Federation would have made a better film.
They are the promotion of which everything that concerns, they win the notes, they have better wrestlers, and they take into consideration their fans and do not deal with fans as morons.
So, Vince, and a film?