There have been bad films in recent years: "M.
Magoo 'was by far the worst never done, the spectacularly bad' Blue in the Face '', the horrible "Baby Gerialise" and now "I woke up early the day I died".
It may not be the worst film directed, but it is certainly ranked like a bad film.
The film acts (if that's what you want to call it) is very poor for me.
Loaded with a sensational cast, you would think that the cast would save at least the film a little, boy, I was wrong.
After escaping from a psychiatric institution, the "thief" played by Billy Zane comes out in the real world and notes that it is quite hard and grainy.
He turns to a burglary to survive, steals a loan, kills the loan agent and short with thousands.
A manhunt at the country's scale is on him to catch him and make him fall.
He finds himself in a cemetery where he puts his money in a coffin to keep him later, comes back and realizes that someone took him and has stored it somewhere.
Now he is determined to kill all visitors during the funeral earlier during the day until he recovers his money, which has finally led to a final which is less satisfactory.
A film based on a "lost" script by Ed Wood, I have only one question: no dialogue, only music and movement where exactly is the point?
The film moves at a fairly slow pace, but has an advantage: the soundtrack which is catchy and vibrant except the first song which can be offensive for some.
It opens with a sequence of fun and innovative opening credits and quickly descends after that.
Some of the low points are when "the thief" steals a woman's handbag, then she vanishes, Sandra Bernhard as a dancer and Tippi Hendren as a deaf woman as "the thief" to the music of "Psycho ".
Go already, people already get new ideas!
What is even worse is that the film has no intrigue at all.
Well, to a certain extent, but who cares about the world of the film arrives, we are bored and ready for something fun and exciting.
"I woke up early on the day of my death" is a perfectly bad film.
This shows us how much the filmmakers sometimes become the bass just when desperately made a film.
Even with the huge talent of distribution, the film is a loss of my time and certainly one of your waste.