At the first vision of this film, the sentences "were there" and "did this" quickly come to my mind.
Spy Hard manages to fly almost all the jokes of Zucker Brothers' films, the most popular of which are Airplane and the Naked Gun series.
Theft of things can be profitable in this industry, but only when you steal good things.
The little plot that there is Dick Steele, alias.
WD-40 agent (Leslie Nielsen) trying to save the world from an almost disturbed madman played by Andy Griffith.
Along the way to its objective (objective?), The film manages to browse mainly James Bond films, but also manages to strike films such as Home Alone and Sister Act.
The trick on the usurpation is that you must be funny, or at least, satirical.
Spy Hard does not reach either, because it borrows all the bad elements of the superior films of Zucker Brothers.
The "dick, the world is in danger.
what is this ?
Well, it's a large round ball floating in space around the sun.
 (I paraphrase) "The type of exchange is used at least four times in the first ten minutes of the film, each time to gradually become less funny.
What they should have robbed are the background gags that were so effective in Zucker's brother's films while writing their own dialogue.
Director Rick Friedberg focuses more on the cup plans of his actors (especially Nielsen, who can do it very well) than on the delivery and context of their lines, most of the time to cut short punchline.
The whole film seems to be in a race with itself, as the final sequence shows, where there is no comic outcome after the peak.
As usual in Zucker Brothers films and Spy Hard, end credits tend to replace this by being out of context.
One of the most fun was: "Captain of the Enterprise ...
T.KIRK ".
Overall, I thought it was a very low effort.
Although all the right films to usurp have been chosen, they did not use any of the right methods of usurpation.
Next time, they should "spy" a little louder.
 * * * * = excellent.
one of a kind .
to have .
 * * * = entertaining.
Is worth the entry price.
 * * = Just.
Nothing very special.
 * = What were they thinking?