"Jack Frost" is one of these stupid and cheesy concations which is trying to be a comforting family film, but which is too confused in its own shots and its predictability to be the least not touching.
This does not surprise, because the studio that did it is Warner Brothers, which is on a current sequence from one bad film after another.
Jack Frost (Michael Keaton) is an average age rock musician who loves his wife, Gabby (Kelly Preston), and his 11 -year -old son, Charlie (Joseph Cross), but does not spend enough time with them.
When he receives a call from a music label who wants to hear him play, he must cancel his family planned at the exit in the mountains for Christmas.
Halfway there, Jack has a second thought, but on the way back home, is in a car accident and dies.
Going forward a year, Christmas approaches once again, and Charlie and Gabby are still struggling to reconcile with Jack's death.
When Charlie begins to play the harmonica that his father gave him at night before his death, the snowman outside the house is taken up by the mind of Jack.
Jack wants to spend time with his son before the next hot front melted, but Charlie is desperately tried to prevent his disappearance from cast iron.
 "Frosty the snowman" is a classic cartoon, and the idea of a snowman who is alive works beautifully when he is animated, but as a live film, it does not work at all.
After a somewhat promising prologue in which the Frost family is established, "Jack Frost", descends quickly, especially once the snowman came into play.
Since Jack died for a whole year, one might think that there would be a lot of questions to ask him, as "what happens after your death?"
Or: "How do you feel to be a snowman?"
But instead, the film focuses on a snow ball combat sub-contort and an inevitably oversitive point that could be telegraphy before even sitting to watch the film.
The performances are sufficiently respectable, but no one deserves to be punished by appearing in an silly film like this.
Michael Keaton is at least easy to escape, because he disappears after the first twenty minutes, but what exactly does he think he does with his career here?
I have always loved Kelly Preston.
She is clearly a talented and charismatic actress, but has never received a good role in her life, generally having to settle for a character of one -dimensional support, as in, 1997, "nothing to lose" and, "addicted toLove.
Joseph Cross was probably the culmination of the distribution, because he depicted a co -evaluated boy undergoing the loss of a parent.
In one of the only sub -intrigues that actually works, because of his mind, Henry Rollins is very fun as a hockey trail that becomes terrified and paranoid after seeing the snowman live.
This brief index of intelligence is however pushed to the side by the main intrigue experienced at hand, which is the Sappy story of a father and a son.
As I knew what was going to happen when the conclusion came, I had no choice but to sit there and listen to painfully insipid and annoying lines of dialogue.
Some of my favorites were an interaction between the son and the father: "You are a man," said Charlie.
 "No, I'm a snowman," said Jack.
Or what would you say about this little zinger, coming from a school intimate that becomes miraculously friendly towards Charlie and tries to help him: "Snowdad is better than no dad."
Are people really paid in Hollywood to write pieces of waste like this?
The snowman, created by John Henson's creature shop, is more credible than the snowman of the direct horror film with involuntarily hilarious combination or computer effects.
Anyway, it was a lot of work through ect.
As a seasonal vacation photo, "Jack Frost", is about a Clunker.
A better Christmas film this year is: "I will be at home for Christmas."
Better still, my suggestion would be to stay at home and watch a quality film, such as "it's a wonderful life", "a story of Christmas" or "prancer".
 "Jack Frost" is a serious, but seriously wrong film, and children, as well as adults, deserve better.
I doubt that they would like to see a film about the death of a parent, anyway.