I came to an epiphany looking at The Bachelor, a harmless romantic comedy and on the surface.
This is not the kind of film in which we could expect to make any moment of clarity, but it was nevertheless.
I sat there watch this marshmallow of a film takes place when suddenly I realized what is so ridiculously bad with the whole kind of romantic comedy around 1999.
In a word, it is the same thing that does not go with so many films around 1999: writing.
More specifically, it is a refusal to recognize that the characterizations count when you tell a story about a relationship.
The baccalaureate is only the last of a long line of films where we are supposed to have pink eyes on any appearance of attractive and pleasant people just because they are attractive and pleasant.
In this particular case, the attractive and pleasant play is Jimmy Shannon (Chris O'Donnell), a bachelor who looked at his friends slowly but surely sucked in the wedding.
It is a frightening notion for Jimmy, even if he really likes the attractive and pleasant exhibition B Anne (Renee Zellweger), his three -year -old girlfriend.
Convinced despite his reservations that it is time to "sh * t or to get out of the pot", Jimmy offers Anne - very badly.
Anne Refuses, who leaves Jimmy in a very strange position when her eccentric grandfather (Peter Ustinov) dies and leaves a very specific video.
Jimmy should inherent $ 100 million if he is married to 6: 05 p. The 30th anniversary, remains married for 10 years and produces a child.
There are only a few minor problems: 1) Jimmy's 30th anniversary is the next day; 2) Anne is not found, which means that Jimmy must find another voluntary bride among her many ex-girlfriends.
It is a eccentric premise and Brewster from Brewster (recognized as such in one of the best lines of dialogue better conscious of the film), the genre where a superficial and materialist guy learns what really matters.
At least that would be the case if Jimmy was not already a world -class altruist.
The scriptwriter Steve Cohen slips into history an even more draconian condition in the will: if Jimmy does not get married, not only will he lose all the money, but the table of the family billiard table will be sold under him, costing HudredDeemplois.
From the start, Jimmy's motivation is not money; these are the livelihoods of his dedicated employees.
It is almost annoying for its marital reluctance to play a role in the development of the baccalaureate intrigue.
In any human standard, the guy is incredibly altruistic.
And it is the essence of the absence of endemic daggers to films like the baccalaureate - the fear of giving characters faults to overcome on their way to happiness.
There is never any tension between the two stars lovers, because there is no sense that something significant at a distance is in play.
The very nice O'Donnell could not withdraw a randy frame if he tried, so the filmmakers did not even leave him; Anne de Zellweger may have problems with her affectionately affectionately as an impossible standard to respect,But no one dares to do anything other than the woman (slightly) injured.
And forget to see Jimmy and Anne enough to feel invested in their potential reconciliation.
The Sit-Com Sets show would be better to be damned, because they are all that is held between us and a relevant conclusion.
I admit that some of these parts are fun, including the diatribes of Ustinov on procreation and a full restaurant with men who have questions and champagne caps.
Much more of them are either tedious or downright horribly, such as the chilling view of Brooke Shields as an icy makeshift hunter or the hideous collection of stereotypes when hundreds of potential brides come together in a church.
You will never have too many noisy laughs in a film like The Bachelor, but that is not the real problem. This is not the real problem that you know exactly the kind of hot-n-fuzzy conclusion to which she leads.
The problem is a start and an environment that are just as hot-n-fuzzy-there is no spark, no energy, no humanity.
It is an emotional pudding guaranteed not to offend consumer digestions.
We have reached a point where our agents for the fulfillment of romantic cinematographic wishes have not even a pulse.
The baccalaureate is love among the models.