Not so long ago, the men of the names of Peckinpah, Ford, Leone and Eastwood made westerns.
real westerns.
These are some of the best films of the 20th century.
These days have left.
Now we have bullshit like Wild Wild West to pass for the West.
And this record is not improved with the unbearable history of American outlaws.
Outlaws is still another re -evolution of the legend of Jesse James, graceful of the king of the film B James G. Robinson (producer of classics such as the accused wrongly and the factor of Chill).
Delayed since spring, this version features the Irishman Hunka Hunka Burning Love Colin Farrell (the best part of Schumacher's Tigerland) as a bad Jesse James.
Alas, all meaning of his character was left in the ranch, leaving us only pretty chicks like Ali Lartter (less whipped cream) to look.
The spin this time: freshly out of southern militiamen in the civil war, Jesse James (Farrell), his brother Frank (Gabriel Macht), and his boyfriend Cole Younger (Scott Caan) set off and go homeMissouri up to the family farms after the end of the war.
But the troubles are preparing in their little town of Liberty when the baron of the diabolical railway Thaddeus Rains (Harris Yulin) and his friends Rollin Parker (Terry O'quinn) and Allan Pinkerton (Timothy Dalton) require that the boys return their landat railways.
The James and young people then unite their forces to fight against the railroad - by depriving the banks from top to bottom of the Missouri, thus cutting the financial excess of the railroad and playing Robin Hood to the local population.
Along the way, the boys argue who is the cutest gang, which is the most popular cowboy in the gang, and which should go on MTV's total demand.
They fly many banks with identical interiors, always with the nicest hearts, strutting in their Grungy dusters while Moby's songs play in the background.
The full -minded jokes they share could be glued to a characteristic map.
The biggest disappointment here lies in the game of Colin Farrell.
After excellent work in Tigerland, Farrell goes through this role easier than Nicolas Cage in 60 seconds.
And his American accent competes with the Irish accent of Richard Gere in the jackal.
Combined with a feeling like Bonanza: The Teen Years, this homogenized production (attenuated to obtain the PG-13 still popular coast) gives us an invincible Jesse who quickly becomes boring and boring.
The unbearable bad guys graceful of Timothy Dalton and Thaddeus rains pass the whole film to proclaim that everyone should be hanged, sucking all energy in the film.
Without forgetting: the real story of Jesse James and her gang is like the intrigue of American outlaws.
Instead, the film is full of old scandalous tales on the Far West - tales that demolished in magazines of 5 hundred about a century ago.