Synopsis: Melissa, a mentally killed woman who likes to smoke, seduces Doug, a minor league baseball player who likes to study anatomy, work on motorcycles and have a girlfriend in a public library.
When Doug decides to stop seeing her, Melissa maliciously held herself from those around her, including her girlfriend, her mother and her cat.
Comments: Malveillant, I suppose, is an acceptable movement for what it is: a cheap thriller and B-Film which tears dozens and dozens of rethink films in Psychole Cradeau, etc.
Malivents, however, really does not provide many particularly suspected moments.
The intrigue begins enough energetically, the main characters are introduced and the case between Doug and Melissa begins and ends early in the film.
It starts to hang out, unfortunately, after that.
Melissa will obviously try to take revenge on Doug (as always, seems to occur in films like these), but she does so inimaginatively that has been made in other better previous thrillers.
She drugs someone.
She kills a family animal and leaves it in the girlfriend's apartment.
And, of course, she tracks down, so we see a number of shots, which are supposed to be suspended, where she hopes Doug and her girlfriend.
I will not reveal the ridiculous end of this turkey, but I warn you that it is both painfully obvious and a real yawn.
John Vernon does a remarkably good job to play the not so brilliant baseball jock which is initially swept away by Melissa (one of the faults of the script is to try to pass a character like this as a pre- studentmediated).
The same cannot be said of Molly Ringwald.
Sometimes it can effectively make the routine of obsessed lover, especially during its silent and hiking scenes.
At other times, however, it seems just clumsy and out of words.
In a particular scene which, I suppose, was supposed to be suspensive, she screams "F-K You, you b ---- D" and throws a phone.
She delivers the line so ridiculously that we can't help but laugh.
Maliceux is certainly not the worst thriller of this type in video supports (a number of really big Turks in this genre are there), but it is not so good or original either.
Do not hesitate to treat this film with maliciousness, watch something else.