Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
It is quite easy to start paying after twenty minutes of first feature film by Finn Taylor, Dream With The Fishes, when the tedious and tedious opening sequence is ultimately paying with a potentially provocative configuration.
Any expectation of hope, however, is quickly defeated while the film is installed on being an unshakable film by Buddy which is rarely as funny as it aspires to be or almost as affecting as it is'Ultimately strive to be in the last half of the film.
The central characters of the film are Terry (David Arquette), a depressed and lonely voyeur who claims to be discouraged since the death of his wife in an automobile accident, and Nick (Brad Hunt), a carefree young street Tough later s'is revealed in terminal phase in terminal phase in terminal phase in terminal phase in terminal phase.
Nick lives in the building opposite Terry, who spies on the appointments between Nick and his girlfriend Liz (Kathryn Erbe) with his faithful set of binoculars, but the two young men officially meet at the Bay Bridge where a terry inHalf sustainable for the edge, promising suicide in a non -convincing manner.
Nick requests with casualness the bracelet of Terry, and ends up seeing Terry in a trade - the watch for a bottle of pills.
Of course, Terry notes that the pills do not end up having the alleged fatal effects, and he undertakes angry to find Nick in order to recover his watch.
Learning Nick's state (he has only a few weeks), Terry's compassion comes into play, and the two end up arriving at a clearly particular arrangement - Terry will agree to finance the fantasies of Nick's dying, and Nickwill fill Terry's Death Wish from Terryle Killing.
It is a promising premise, and Mr. Taylor's film could have gone a certain number of ambitious ways from this point, but he chose rather to capitalize on the obvious inversion of the characters (Terry is a characterReassembled and dismal who wants to die, while Nick is a free spirit with a guest that is dying but who wants to live) and takes the easy road by transforming the dream with the fish into a typical larch where the two characters s'Engage in a series of generally dull exploits, and where the right character learns to appreciate and enjoy life when she connected to an original character.
This is plotting, Buddy Movie / Road Movie Redux.
However, Dream with the Fishes is the most hampered not by his scenario without inspiration, but by the characters who carry the story - he helps in such a film to have at least one of the protagonists at least a little empathetic, otherwisefriendly.
Unfortunately, this is not the case here, where the two main characters in the film are Thorougly without interest and boring, giving the public very little to sympathize with their respective difficulties, and even less reasons to want to follow their exploitsscreen.
Far from a game, this fatal defect has a dream with fish more like a chore to endure than a playful getaway, and undermines the attempts to emotional in the last stages of the film while the two men begin to bond.
M. Taylor's dialogue fell sporadically flat in the dream with the fish - while trying to capture an eccentric and intelligent tone, he too often appears to be desperately designed (line witness as "you should have asked for something more interesting, like "do you enjoy Ladouleur? '
- See is provocative, leave room for other questions. ")
The film benefits from a few inspired moments - the Urn scene, a naked bowling session, the policeman joining the acid journey of Terry and Nick - but unfortunately, these cases are rare, and mostly humor in theDream with the fish are more written as attempts rather than real successes.
This happens particularly often during the film's opening sequence - while Terry fights against nick bedridden for his watch in the hospital, I am real Ising that this is * intended * to be funny, although a smile has not slipped on my lips - which is probably due to the obvious fact that it is painfully clear for the public from the start that Terry will be thwartedDuring his first initial suicide attempts, undergoing any element of surprise or fun of Nick's scheme to deceive him; it is not a film that has the means to kill his main star in the first ten minutes.
The whole sequence is therefore clearly an exhibition exercise of the characters, with attempts of humor terribly reduced by total predictability.
Among the actors, who came out best is David Arquette, the current master in the representation of sweet characters, wearing himself and stammering - he would have been great as responsible for the swimming of George Huang with sharks - who can apply hisAptitude for timidity as Terry.
M .Taylor uses ambitious an interesting visual technique, where the parts of the shooting in an urban environment have been treated to appear extremely granular and strongly saturated, as opposed to a lively and clear look for small town scenes.
The dream charge with the protagonists of the fish being completely without empathy is a bit strange from me; I seem to have a predilection for films with little kind characters, and indeed, in many cases, I was a minority,Supporting films that have been condemned as endless due to the difficult and not very friendly nature of their characters.
For the dream with the fish, however, I found myself on the back of the medal, often hoping that the film would end quickly, and that the character of Nick would hurry and die.