The most interesting thing about the virus is that the title of the film does not refer to clumsy robotic animals that try to kill our heroes.
Alas, that refers to our heroes!
It turns out that the extraterrestrial race which sends a computer virus on earth (via the MIR space station) considers the human race as a virus - perhaps even cancer - which must be eradicated before spreading more.
After all, we have taken over this planet, and if they allow us to live for about a billion years, we could advance beyond our solar system and in the next one.
But the human race has little to fear.
After all, there is a woman named Foster (Jamie Lee Curtis) who stops the computer virus.
She is the main browser on a marine ship; traveling with her is Captain Everton (Donald Sutherland), Steve Baker (William Baldwin), Woods (Marshall Bell), Squeaky (Julio Oscar Mechoso) and Richie (Sherman Augustus).
They all sail in a typhoon a beautiful evening when they come across a huge Russian satellite ship abandoned in international waters.
Fortunately for us, we have already seen that the computer virus has taken over the ship and eliminated everyone on board.
The bad captain Everton thinks he will take the ship and get a reward; he convinces his crew that there will be a lot of money, so they try to recover the ship.
Soon, however, when it is obvious that no one is on board and that the ship has no power, they realize that something bad must have happened.
Finally, they meet Nadia (Joanna Pacula) who explains their situation: a computer virus has taken over the ship!
This creates bio-mechanical forms of life to eliminate the human race!
The virus is a really stupid action thriller, that of negligible intelligence and innovation.
When you consider the whole film, you will realize that a single original scene is missing.
It is a direct scam of almost all the films of James Cameron (Aliens, The Abyss and the Terminator films are the most plagiarized); Most importantly, it is fundamentally the same film as Deep Rising from last year.
I liked Deep Rising simply because it's funny - he knows it's silly and derived.
The virus is taken seriously.
And, in the most serious way possible, she flies with each good and bad film of the genre, showing you countless familiar scenes and sporting a biscuit intrigue that any film of the kind of science fiction / horror could be s'Adapt with a little.
But what is so amazing in the virus is how badly has been poorly thought out.
Okay, allow me to be straight - the extraterrestrial race (which is never really explained) is essentially sensitive electricity.
They must make themselves physical, they therefore use a space station to get on a ship (which is surrounded by water, but which cares).
On the ship, they make a bunch of clumsy motionless robots which somehow kill three hundred people.
After that, they start to use the dead to create creatures at half-mole and half-machine that resemble the Terminator but which are much worse to walk.
The leader, of course, is a great creature.
Each film like this has a great creature at the end, but the great creature of the virus is so large that it has to demolish the walls to move.
The virus is indeed a cliché film, but the central defect lies in the fact that the computer virus is simply not very threatening.
It is established that they can simply deactivate the power to stop it, but the virus sealed the Power Room when our heroes arrive.
At a level, the virus is almost passable.
It's really bloody, and some of the scenes have an interesting attraction (the director, John Bruno, worked on many Cameron films).
There is also a beautiful range of actors, even if none of them is playing (except Donald Sutherland, which makes a lot of very bad game).
The essential, however, is as follows: the virus is a bad film .
He scams many good films that are worth consulted.
In this order, I recommend that you rent one of the extraterrestrial films, simply to admire the qualities of a creature that really threatens our heroes.