According to whom you ask, the original sin was either the consumption of the apple, the act of disobedience against God, or the act of betrayal.
But in case you did not know, do not embrace yourself to remember ...
The words "original sin" have never come to the film of the same name, not to mention its concept.
The closest to the film is even closer to Catholicism in her story (the story is told by Angelina Jolie to her priest when she was in the death corridor in Cuba, around 1900).
Whatever its insane title, Original Sin has in fact an intrigue (although one of the most mutilated scripting acts since the art of war, based on the Waltz book through darkness).
Boy (Antionio Banderas) place a personal advertisement around 1900, looking for a woman.
As it was a century ago, we barely dodge a green card remake, only to find that the (pretty) girl simulated her photo and is really beautiful.
Jumping a few moderately useless sex scenes (withdraw the question, yes, we are again claiming the breasts of Angelina Jolie), the girl turns out to be a crook, a boy scams for her money and heads for the hills.
The original sin then briefly tries to be a thriller.
We see a boy going to the whore, saying he wants to find a girl and kill her.
But as soon as Boy really finds a girl, instead of following what could have been a promising thriller (or at least not completely boring), the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin / whore complex from milk.
Girl Toys with the idea of reforming his Con-Girl past, while avoiding "the other man", a lover who continues to make it begin these scams in the first place.
Add the insult to the injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history (literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a stroboscopic effect), and almost acting the caliber of a b.égun, andOriginal sin is one of the most tortuous films of summer, definitively in progress to make my ten holidays of the year.
Do not even embrace yourself with original sin, but if you go, be honest with yourself and admit his pure sex appeal.
Keep in mind that although this film is not the most original in the block, it's much worse than a sin.
It is a sacrilege.