I suppose - and according to the evidence available, it is not an excellent supposition - that Burn Hollywood Burn began his life as initiates of the excess of Hollywood, of stupidity, of theego and power of power.
If this is the case, the film that found itself on the screen is classified as one of the most spectacular involuntary jokes in the history of cinema.
It has already been well-documented that the original title, an alan smothee movie, Became a problem when miserable test screenings forced re-cots against the will of director arthur hiller, promiting hiller hiller hillerf to opt for the directors' guild-manded pseudonym ofalanSMITHEE.
This left a film satire in the hands of the writer Joe Eszterhas, like a hacker without humor like never put his finger at word processing.
And you could simply feel the brewing of disasters.
If you are unhappy enough to sit down through Burn Hollywood Burn, you will always be sensitive to this disaster long after the show of the Enlightenment.
Apparently, it is a pseudo-documentary account of a director named Alan Smithee (Eric Idle) who loses control of a big budget action film called Trio with Sylvester Stallone, Whoopi Goldberg and Jackie Chan (who appearall like themselves).
When the only recourse at its disposal is to abandon the project to be called "An Alan Smithee Film" - which, of course, is already - Smithee steals the negative of the film and threatens to destroy it.
Among the parties interviewed are the producer of the film James Edmunds (Ryan O'Neal) and the boss of studio Jerry Glover (Richard Jeni), who pass almost the whole film telling the story while painfully reliable things take place around'them.
It is already quite serious that Burn Hollywood Burn has - literally - not a single laugh for all his 84 minutes with happiness.
What is even worse is Eszterha's insistence to tell all the bad jokes not one, but two or even three times.
Michael Ovitz references, showgirls references, oral sexual references, Whoopi Goldberg / Ted Danson references - All appear several times with all the subtlety that is the stock of Eszterhas.
The reduction even manages to become actively offensive with a certain frequency, in particular with the hilarious use of the word "feminist" as an identification legend for each female character in the film.
When Coolio and Chuck D present as black independent filmmakers The Brothers Brothers (intelligently identified as "Bad A--" and "Badder A-", among other non-printable things), you can be ready to go out of theaterWith your coat above your head to avoid being identified.
These documentary legends, despite all their lead evidence, allow the best overview of what is not hideously going with Burn Hollywood Burn.
Not happy to stick a Hollywood type with a single stroke of his rape spirit, Eszterhas fills the flea screen each time a new character appears.
The producer is a "liar" who "slept in the White House;"The media are "Maggots" and "Leeches" working for publications like "The New York Slimes" and "Newsleak" (with the camera zooming in the modified title for you not to miss the joke).
It does not matter that Eszterhas marks "the penile implant" after his own name when he makes a cameo, because it seems to be an attempt so desperate to feign the self-depreciation.
It is an idea of satire of petulant satire - photos of initiates in Hollywood to which Eszterhas took a pen to draw small mustaches and give birth to teeth.
The last clogged straw in the stomach occurs when Burn Hollywood Burn ends with outlets on the credits, the genre that shows the public how much everyone has made the film that just sucked an hour and a half of yourlife.
It was perhaps only a final and desperate of Eszterhas to convince himself that there was a goal behind the film, or to convince all the people involved that a few blown lines justified to threaten all their careers.
pity of everyone Volved with this excessive "satire" led by the excess and ego ego.
It is a shame that only directors can delete their harmful material names like this.
Otherwise, you may have seen credits for Burn Hollywood Burn overflowing from Alan Smithes.