The working title to look back was long, nothing new, and there has rarely been a more suitable name for a film.
Even if this film rises at 96 minutes relatively thin, it seems to work long enough to swallow two titanics.
The writer / director Edward Burns trotted a Hackney scenario, whose trajectory will be immediately recognizable to anyone who has not spent his life in isolation.
Instead of refining the formula a little to invigorate the procedure, Burns is content to allow the film to wandered aimlessly towards its foreseeable irritating conclusion, offering some momentary pleasures along the way.
No look is dominated by three very demisible characters whose constant presence on the screen is painful.
The most appropriate end would have been a triple suicide, and as soon as possible.
Alas, this is not the case, and those who remain with this film for its entire length will be forced to support the prolonged company of this miserable trio.
And, to depress the public more, Burns made the whole film on cold and rainy days in a gray seaside town in New York.
Sun eggs are rare.
No wonder the characters are all so miserable.
First of all, we have Charlie (Burns), a generation X slacker who abandoned his girlfriend three years ago after having aborted, then spent a little time bothering in California before deciding to return tothe House.
This girlfriend is Claudia (Lauren Holly), and, after picking up the pieces of her life after Charlie's departure, she evolved, launching with one of Charlie's friends, Mike (Jon Bon Jovi).
The two have a comfortable relationship, but it is obvious for a blind man that they are not good for each other.
Claudia for years for spices in her life; Mike wants to settle and have children.
Then Charlie returns to the mixture.
So who, if someone, will Claudia end up with it?
who cares ??
No look back is going in extraordinary efforts to ensure that we are not particularly interested in the outcome of the romantic triangle.
And if no one finds happiness - these characters do not deserve it anyway, especially after losing 90 minutes of our time.
They are not real people - they are a construction of a writer who stumbles through an overly obvious scenario.
They should know the end as well as us.
And Burns should have given more credit to his audience and presented them with an intrigue which offered at least one surprise or two.
Another frustrating thing about to look back is that Burns populated the film with a group of potentially interesting support characters.
Blythe Danner is solid as a mother faced with Claudia, Connie Britton is properly traced as a neurotic sister of Claudia, and Jennifer Esposito is catchy as a bartender looking for a little romance.
Unfortunately, all we get is a quick overview of their lives, although a film about one of them would have been much more intriguing than the story that Burns chose to tell.
None of the main artists will impress criticism with their Thespian attributes.
Edward Burns pushes the edge of its limited range here.
Jon Bon Jovi shows more acting capacity than we could reasonably expect from a singer transforming in a different career, but he could always use a little polishing.
The worst case is Lauren Holly, who presents a completely bland claudia.
As represented here, she is hardly the kind of woman who would even inspire the interest of a moment, not to mention eternal love.
The ex of Burns, the Maxine Bahns monumental without talent, would have struggled to do a less inspired job.
When he released the McMullen brothers, Edward Burns was venerated as the Wunderkind of the Sundance Film of 1995 (Robert Redford apparently remained with him - the aging actor / director produced this mess).
two films and three short years later, the read Ster has faded.
Some filmmakers have only a good film.
With failures on the back as she is the only one and not behind to follow the charming brothers, Burns begins to resemble an unstoppated member of this club.