I don't expect much from Eddie Murphy these days.
Over the past four years, the cinema gods - or the vast payroll of studio conglomerates - allowed him to make a bad film after another.
Films such as Metro, Doctor DOLITTLE, HOLY MAN, LIFE and BOWFINGER have reduced a comic character formerly large for a living and breathed piracy occurring as a studio puppet for images of 20th Century Fox and Universal.
The greatest shame of falling on his shoulders is his latest film, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps.
The Klumps once again revisit the life of Sherman Klump, a professor of overweight university sciences looking for love in all bad places.
Sherman has just invented a new "drink for young people" which allows man or beast to become younger for a short period.
Janet Jackson is the love interest that chooses the adorable Sherman for a soul mate rather than excel in his career as a university professor (and for the most ridiculous reasons).
With love in his mind, Sherman is determined to get rid of his alter ego, Buddy Love of the first teacher, who always lives with Vigor inside his psyche and makes Sherman act as a bad imitation of Vince Vaughn of swingers.
With an convoluted mumbo-jumbo on DNA extraction, Sherman extracts the "Buddy Love" link in his DNA and intelligently deposits Buddy in a practical laboratory beaker.
But one night, the beaker is overthrown and the love of Buddy is regenerated ...
Because each film like this needs an unnecessary villain to thwart the right guy.
Then, the Klump family, all played by Eddie Murphy, intervenes for comic relief involving elderly people with sex, flabby breasts, a slew of pet and cock jokes, and enough big jokes that I lostAfter the first thirty minutes.
And did I mention the part where Larry Miller is raped anchored by a Hamster invaded?
The film finally dissolves into a very bad family of special brand to realize who you are and what you can be in this world - with enough soft lighting and people on the edge of tears in each scene.
Pure and simple, the Klumps are a failure.
His script was managed by not one but five writers, and he really shows himself during clumsy transitions between the scenes.
Any sense of history and intrigue has been lost in the rewriting process.
It is more excited to learn that Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz, the team behind one of the funniest films of the last decade, American Pie, have their names stamped at this bin.
Hey guys - Quick note - Keep this film from your curriculum vitae.
The characterization of Sherman's family, the Klumps, is one of the most ignorant stereotypes of a black family that I have ever seen in the cinema.
Everyone member of the family is a large person who erases bins in a local buffet restaurant like pigs in a hollow.
The grandmother is a overexist demon who is constantly speaking in ways of having her man and her sagged breasts please.
The father is gruff, is dismissed with a work in blue collar, is sexually inadequate and cannot communicate with his family about his feelings.
The mother ignores all the negativity around her and seems to have no opinion on anything or anyone.
The brother is silent and broods and looks like the Gangster Ice Cube character in Boyz in the hood.
Sherman himself is terribly unsure and never transmits anything to what the public attaches.
But the main problem of the film is his inability to create any type of conversational or situational comedy convincing.
The family scenes of the first professor Nutty worked so well because their conversations were short and direct.
And you have the feeling that these coarse people could not act like that all the time.
The continuation makes the opposite and leads to the negatives of the Klumps directly in the handle, which makes the first five minutes of their pleasant interaction and the last 55 approximately unbearable and pathetic.
After a while, their Conversations become a frustrated anger dam tinged with indecency and overworked premises that eventually remove the energy from any type of empathy that could be felt for the central themes of history.
It is also a shame that the magic of makeup of Rick Baker - who worked on the professor of nutty origin and won an Oscars for his work on an American werewolf in London - and incredible digital effects that allowedin Murphy to interact with himself so beautiful movements are built around such a lame story.
Even the best effects do not seem to save the most pathetic films these days.
Now that I think about it, the worst of this film must be all the money it will earn.
People will be aligned around the block for this.
The studios will concoct the continuation A for the release in the summer of 2002.
Eddie Murphy will be written to play not only a role or five roles, but he will play all the characters in the film.
I can't wait to see Eddie Murphy in a love scene with himself.