John Boorman's "Zardoz" is an awkward cinematographic debacle so fundamentally poorly designed and ridiculously executed that it takes on a bizarre quality of pleasure.
Not since the crawling land of an Edward D. Bois Jr. A film was so silly and so serious at the same time.
Of course, Wood's career can be explained by two things: he had no money and he had no talent.
Boorman, on the other hand, cannot court such apologies to explain "Zardoz" (or his follow -up film, the "Exorcist II: The Heretic") just as horrible.
Boorman obviously had a considerable budget, an idol film star in the morning (Sean Connery) in the main role, and although you do not know this film, Boorman has indeed talent.
This is the man who made the Modern Modern Masterpiece "Deliverance" (1972), as well as the autobiographical drama of the Second World War "Hope and Glory" (1987), the Arthurian epic slightly too designed "Excalibur "(1981) and Lafather-Son Jungle Adventure" The Emerald Forest "(1985).
His films all show that Boorman never lacks imagination, but sometimes it is done at the cost of coherence and taste.
If Boorman is something, he is ambitious, and when he succeeds, it's great fashion.
Unfortunately, the larger they are, the more they fall, and when Boorman falls, the resounding impact can be heard for miles around.
 "Zardoz" is supposed to take its place among the greatest of mystical films, an obsession with Boorman.
His scenario is trying to arouse the same mythological connotations of Arthurian legends or even "The Wizard of Oz", a book that appears in the intrigue of the film.
But, despite all this reaching, the resulting film is more involuntarily funny that intentionally enigmatic or convincing.
The events take place in the distant year 2293, but there are few typical futuristic films.
In fact, things seem to have decreased, with people who ride horses, pulling old -fashioned rifles and living in large Victorian residences.
It is more than the Middle Ages than the space era.
The world of "Zardoz" is divided into two distinct hemispheres: the outlands, where all the poor and pathetic live, and the vortex, where a limited group of rich intellectuals lives in comfort and eternal life.
These immortals never age, they never get involved in sexual activity, they have psychological powers and live in a kind of quasi-Uutopian Marxist society where everyone is equal, and everyone also contributes to society.
However, if the rules are violated, this person is punished by being aged so many years.
If someone sufficiently breaks the rules, he or she is aged to the point of senility and imprisoned an eternal existence in a geriatric home with other elderly criminals.
One of the Immortals, Arthur Frayn (Niall Buggy), an agitated man with a mustache and a tattooed goat on his face, is responsible for keeping order in the outlands and forcing residents to cultivate so that the immortals can beNourished.
Like "The Wizard of Oz", he adopts a status of God among people stealing in their part of the world in a giant stone carved as a threatening head.
 (This flying head is one of the opening images of the film, and it is a dead gift from the madness to come.)
Note Zardoz, Frayn brings together a pile of Outlanders and makes it a group called exterminators, whose goal is to kill most of the other outlanders so that they cannot procreate and take more resources.
From the interior of his giant stone head, Zardoz Bellows seriously has indulgent statements like: "The pistol is good.
The penis is bad. "
This line alone is worth the cult of the film.
One day, an exterminator named Zed (Sean Connery), sneaks into the flying stone of Zardoz, pushes Frayn and returns to the vortex.
Once there, the immortals call it "brutal" and studies it as a laboratory rat, taking a big one, pe Care worried about exploring your sexuality, which is a mystery for them.
They seem particularly interested in its ability to win an erection, and there is a downright hilarious sequence where a bunch of slightly dressed scientific women show ZED erotic images on a video screen in a attempt to determine what makes it work.
I say "hilarious" because that's exactly what "Zardoz" is.
It is obvious that Boorman did not intend that it was like this; he made this film with the simplest of the faces, although I find it hard to believe that, as production advanced, he did notdid not even have the slightest idea of the way she obviously became ridiculous.
The simple fact of watching Connery is enough to give the laughter - it spends most of the film to run in a red lanyard fabric that looks like a layer, a braided hair mane halfway in the back, a handlebar mustacheWyatt Earp style and a mustache and a handlebar mustache from Wyatt Earp and a mustache and a handlebar of Wyatt Earp and a mustache and a Wyatt Earp handlebar mustache and a handlebar mustache and a handlebar mustache and a mustacheWyatt Earppaire style of patent leather boots up to thigh which would look more appropriate on a cheap Hollywood whore.
Boorman made the film just after the critical and financial success of "deliverance", which is the only reason why I can imagine that a studio would be green this effort.
He attracted rich talents on both sides of the camera, notably the director of photography Geoffrey Unsworth ("2001"), whose striking visuals are the only good thing in "Zardoz" in addition to involuntary humor.
Sean Connery had made his latest James Bond film in 1971, and perhaps he was looking for a change of rhythm.
He had exactly that in "Zardoz", and it is a wonder that it did not end his career.
I'm sure Boorman wanted this film to make great statements.
Is it a treatise on the infallibility of eternal life?
Is it a condemnation of those who consider aging as a bad thing?
Or is it a social declaration, something on the inherent negativity of class distinctions and the violence it creates?
Karl Marx could like if he looked more like Timothy Leary.
To think about it, maybe Boorman has made it a prolonged LSD trip.
People raised on illicit substances are the only ones that I imagine enjoying this Asinine stupidity as something other than a completely involuntary comedy.