In "The astronaut woman", Charlize Theron plays a young woman with a nervous behavior, Pixie-Hairdo and Demon Spawn involuntarily pushing in her belly.
If only his name was not Jillian, the manufacturers of this embarrassing song of science fiction shlock could have found a much more appropriate title: "The species of Rosemary".
What a pity is to see an actress as good as Theron - worthy of an Oscar in "The Devil's Advocate" - fight with the most focal length of a classic of the screen in recent memory.
Ok, maybe "the astronaut woman" deviates from the lawn "Rosemary's Baby" for her configuration, who finds our heroine terrorized not by the servants of Satan but her possessed husband (Johnny Depp), a pilotof a shuttle whose missionary accident leaves him, uh, a man changed.
As you would expect, he and the Musse ride him in a better described sequence as unpleasant, his diabolical seed impregnated with twins and making this large line "Bowfinger" on "Alien Love".
Theron's "Advocate" character has faced a similar dilemma, the horror that resonates strongly.
 "Astronaut" only provides artificial anxiety.
Last year, "species II" with noodles headed a similar premise on the reproduction habits of an extraterrestrial on earth, but at least this film knew more or less that it was garbage.
 "The astronaut woman" is serious and without humor, transmitting her more and more silly history as a serious full -fledged, to an ambiguous finish which will not even satisfy those who have remained so far.
Here is a clue: this is a lot of water, electrical equipment, a special effect of "The Abyss" and toddlers that have doubled as an adam Sandler co-star in "BigDaddy ".
Take your own conclusions.
Director / screenwriter Rand Ravich covers procedures in dynamic views organized by the legendary "E. T".
The director of photography Allen Daviau, but too often promotes the visual presentation of the film on the story he tries to tell.
This augurs horribly for each dramatic development, such as surfaceing a NASA suspect manager (Joe Morton of "speed") to encourage the slow and the stupid understanding of Jill's truth.
Her hyper-erratic behavior is probably supposed to give the woman a paranoid edge.
Instead, he adds to the phoniness.
Theron and Depp are certainly beyond this waste and will have other chances of proving this fall - she is part of an imposing packaging case in the adaptation of John Irving "Cider House Rules", heis manager.""
Indèsera such a talent, "the astronaut woman" manages to be derived, dull and little involved despite her apparently ripe potential of involuntary laughs.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
But in a cinema room, everyone can hear you Ronfier.