I do not appreciate it when a thriller manipulates the spectator thinking that the intrigue is interesting, when in fact it is ridiculous.
In the case of the general's daughter, the intrigue is more than capable of intriguing you to a certain point.
But at this stage of the story, the film begins to collapse like a ruined cookie.
This predictable summer thriller cannot be sporadically involved, and this is unfortunately not enough to compensate for all of its detailed defects.
Spend a early moment when John Travolta has his southern accent, and you probably survive this film.
Travolta plays the officer of the divisions in criminal surveys Paul Brenner, who works under cover in a military base when another situation occurs: the apparent rape and the murder of a young officer (Leslie Stefanson).
It turns out that the victim is the daughter of General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell).
Let the investigation start.
With the help of his compatriot of the CID investigator, Sarah Sunhill (played rather on the Sidelines by Madeleine Stowe), Brenner discovers what seems to be a case of complex and bizarre homicide.
Things are starting to become marginally captivating when we meet Colonel Moore (James Woods), a former commander of the deceased who has some secrets in his sleeve.
Woods submits another stage flight performance here as it releases authority, surrounded by smoke clouds issued by its cigar.
With echoes of his role of support in real crime, in which he struck it with Clint Eastwood in very profane verbal exchanges, it makes every moment credible.
Here, however, the intense dialogue cares about confrontations with Travolta, because the two send conscious looks and knowing through the room.
There are many scenes like this in the general's daughter, in which the veteran casting behaves beautifully under pressure, but the circumstances which bind these meetings are difficult to absorb.
Director Simon West (Con Air) shows a vigilant eye to deliver an elegant thriller, but he fails miserably with regard to the intellectual part.
The general's daughter is, most often, a predictable and non -exciting waste.
This does not help things that the intrigue is practically without action, dragging its heels all along a rhythm of snails in training.
Some brief action scenes, wonderfully manipulated in the publishing department, show that the film could have delivered a more competent package.
From a director who does such a great work of staging explosions and miraculous waterfalls, I suggest that West should stick to insane and refined action characteristics and try to avoid future projects like that-this.
However, the film is certainly not without its merits.
The game is very good at the majority of experienced players.
The performances range from order (Travolta) to electricity (Woods) to the curtain as a child (Cromwell, which does not show its real talents here).
Madeleine Stowe manages to hold the nut for a while, but as a female head in an action thriller, she does not pass enough.
One of the problems of execution is that it is very predictable.
> From the first minute, I had little doubts about the identity of the killer in question.
The script is even reluctantly shown it for us, using familiar techniques to hide his guilt until unmasking towards the end.
In all honesty, we have seen many devices used in the general's daughter in other films.
The secrets behind the mysterious death of the girl are gradually explained, but by resolution, we have killed through the Malarkey that it seems useless and surprisingly silly.
The general's daughter is not a terrible film, and it involves enough to maintain the spectator's attention for a certain period of time.
But it could have been so much better.