The first scene of Operation Condor had Jackie Chan prepared for a secret mission.
He tries to blow up a few pieces of chewing gum in his mouth, but is missing.
After having fucked with his face, he says: "It is not a good start."
It turns out that this line not only gives a prefiguration to the opening sequence, but also to the rest of the film.
In this, the last of Jackie Chan's films to be released in America after the first race in Hong Kong, Chan plays an international "condor" operating code name and is charged by the United Nations to find a hiding place hidden in aA secret base by the Nazis during their retirement through the Saharan desert during the Second World War.
For any reason, Condor receives his mission to the U.S. Ambassade in Spain.
I think it may have been done so that in a chase scene, they could honor the old tradition of overthrowing a cart of fruit.
Watch him in any chase scene in a foreign country, especially in Europe.
The pursuit will take place on a market and a cart of fruit will be overturned.
It is almost a guarantee.
anyway ....
Condor receives a key which is supposed to unlock a giant safe in which gold is hidden; the problem is that the key has integrated insulators, which can mean that a mad trap can be triggered electronically if the key ispoorly used.
To help him understand where gold is hidden and how to properly use the key, Condor is accompanied by an expert from the desert (Carol Cheng) and the granddaughter of the captain who was responsible for hiding gold (EvaCOBO).
There are no parents of the Nazi captain living in Spain, but Condor finds the granddaughter by looking for her in the telephone directory or something.
Although these two women are supposed to be an integral part of the mission, they do not prove any help, except to get in trouble and provide an excuse for Chan to jump into his martial arts.
In fact, most of the scenes are so ridiculously artificial that it seems that everything is just a way to fight.
I guess it's not so bad, because Chan's action is really the best part of the film, and the only reason you will see one of his films anyway.
If you have never seen a film Jackie Chan, don't expect a big intrigue, but expect to be diverted by its movements.
They are so well choreographed and often so incredible that you wonder if this guy is human.
Knowing that he is doing his own waterfalls, and knowing that this is the real thing (no cords with a computer hidden by computer here) makes the action of action all the more exciting.
You have to give it to a guy who has probably broke all the bones of his body for his art.
Humor is also to be noted, as in any film by Jackie Chan.
As far as I know, none of his films is taken too seriously, and even the dramatic parts have a certain ironic quality about them.
What is almost masterful is the way humor is even integrated into combat scenes.
Unlike a martial arts film like everything with Jean Claude Van Damme, where the fights bring you to the visceral level, the fight scenes in Chan Films are simply entertaining.
You am marveling both with his movements and the way he uses them so as to make you laugh.
Unfortunately, even the control of Chan cannot save this film.
The intrigue and the characters are so weak that they do not hold the film at all, and the game is terrible.
Carol Cheng apparently won the honors of the best actress at Hong Kong Movie Awards in the past, but as Operation Condor is a nicknamed film, he removes all bets.
This, combined with an obviously low production value, we want to divert ourselves from the screen until I hear these kicks start to fly.