Plot: A separate Hollywood couple and Glamor must pretend to come together for a press junket from the last film they have ever shot together.
Kewl ... now
I only hope that I can pretend I have never seen this film ...
Critality: sorting, funny, boring and a waste of talent of each.
How a premise with such a zest and such a bite can be transformed into a film which presents no chemistry, real laughs, surprises or spices exceeds me.
How Julia Roberts is used only as a character of "puppy dog", putting himself in the background while we endure the complete bitch of the character of Zeta-Jones, who is not a bit funny or romantic (Two ideal ingredients in a "romantic comedy"), is also beyond me.
And why they chose John Cusack, a great eccentric actor in its own right, to play the most bland, unconstitution and clever character (with zero chemistry with one of his tracks) is more and more, beyondof me.
And to all those who decided that this project was "funny" enough to Greenlight featuring the talents mentioned above, with Billy Crystal, Christopher Walker, Seth Green and Stanley Tucci ... Well,
What can I say ... I
I just don't have the words.
So is it the worst film I saw all year round?
No. But it really fears and it is essentially because ... well,
It's just not funny.
And for the record, let me state some additional problems with this.
It starts slowly, he has no energy, he does not engage with any of his characters (Julia becomes somewhat interesting in the film, everyone ... lame!), He uses too much flashbacks forMove the story before, it is completely predictable, standard, routine, transparent and without interest like a plot and it is right there on the screen, large and ugly, waiting ... while waiting for you to laugh or thatYou found something fun there.
And then Hank Azaria arises ... Aaaaaah, the Savior of the film (beware, some could be offended by his exaggeration of a stereotype, but that's another story).
But when an experienced actor "Voice" sets up all the main stars of a "successful" romantic comedy with an accent Antonio Banderas Over-The Antonio, damn guy ...
The film is in trouble !!
Rent this film on video just to see what went wrong yourself.
References to Ricky Ricardo and Senor Wences (Huh!?), The idio-intrigue like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms and relax, but everyone believes that he will kill himself (Hardy-Harc-Har) and the cheap way to bring the public to leave the theater by bringing a dog sniffing a ball that has no place at the end of the film ... I
could continue.
But I will not do it because I always respect all the actors in this film and I laughed in time in Azaria, Green and Tucci (ironic, huh
About the tracks, damn it!) And I liked the premise behind the film (before seeing the finished product, of course).
A failure all around.
BTW, all that talks about this film was that Julia Roberts must have been in a big costume for a scene (her character is supposed to have lost 60 pounds), so when the scene came finally, I was a little excited by thisthat he could look like and then ... well,
It mainly looked like Julia Roberts in a big costume!
UGH.
I think I'm going to start drinking after this lame film.
Go Hollywood, enough with the CRUD!
Where does Joblo come from?
Beautiful (1/10) - The wedding of my best friend (7/10) - Notting Hill (5/10) - Pretty Woman (7/10) -runaway bridle (5/10) - someone like you (4/10) -Wedding pervator (3/10) - When Harry met Sally (10/10) - You have mail (4/10)