I wonder if the budget is a criterion to know if a film can be considered or not an operating film.
Take the professional, for example.
He has extremely brilliant cinematography, some actors of recognizable names and some fairly impressive explosions.
It is also essentially a matter of violence and cheap titles, and presents a central relationship between a middle -aged man and a twelve -year -old girl with a resolutely ambiguous sexual dimension.
The professional is everywhere on the map, and his claims to be on something other than his most unpleasant elements make him all the more unpleasant.
The title professional is a hitman by the name of Leon (Jean Reno), brutally effective but also very isolated.
One day, he is forced to let someone enter his life when a girl from her building knocks on her door.
His name is Matilda (Natalie Portman), and the rest of her family has just been killed by Crooked and very wired D.E. Un.
Agent Norman Stansfield (Gary Oldman) after Matilda's father tried to snatch him.
Leon reluctantly takes Matilda, then begins to teach her her profession when she says that she wants to avenge the murder of her young brother.
The two get closer, which makes them all the more vulnerable when Stansfield learns that they know too much and propel them to eliminate them both.
The writer / director Luc Besson has already followed this path with his popular French importation La Femme Nikita, a smooth potboer on a female assassin.
There is no doubt that Besson can make a great film * in research *; with the help of the director of photography Thierry Arbogast, he created a film full of bad mood and evocative lighting.
But under the shiny packaging, there are not as much as Besson would like us to believe it.
The relationship between Leon and Matilda never clicks because neither receives a character to develop.
Leon is above all a collection of original features, all intended to show us that for a hired killer, he is really not so bad: he drinks a lot of milk, takes meticulous care of a potted plant and loves films geneKelly.
Jean Reno succeeds in giving Leon a haunted and desperate quality, but he never makes an emotional link with Matilda.
Natalie Portman is wrong for a game that called for a much more grumpy quality, but she does not have too much to work with.
Besson would have been better served by spending more time trying to give life to his characters, and fewer low humor attempts that are often embarrassing.
An silly game between Leon and Matilda involving imitations of celebrities is completely moved, just like a scene where Matilda shocks a hotel director, announcing that Leon is her lover; the character is completely sacrificed for a cheap gag.
The whole part of Gary Oldman is something of a cheap gag, from wild eyes and a way of good, but at least it is interesting to look.
There is no real person to find anywhere in the professional, which is still not a problem in an action thriller, except that it tries to pretend to be something more.
A more disconcerting problem with the professional is that he plays with the sexuality of a twelve year old child in a truly unpleasant way.
There were only two real choices to cope with this component of Leon and Matilda's relationship: confront it or ignore it entirely.
But Besson flirts and teases the public with the idea that he will show them a prohibited love story, while simply choosing to concentrate his camera on the back of Portman and dress it with lean clothes.
This does not mean anything about the dubious decision to make it look like a quality paternal time when Leon teaches a child to load a 9 mm pistol, or the blood that is spreading.
A large part of the time, the professional is simply ladle, and all the flexible filters in the world cannot disguise thereby.