I still can't understand why people have been in mass to see this film.
Now, before going by assuming that I am a kind of high eyebrow snobs, which cannot appreciate a little stupid humor, let me say that I like cheap humor.
I thought there was something about Mary was one of the funniest films I ever saw and it was certainly one of the best films in 1998.
The humor of teenagers with eyebrows can be very fun, the problem with the waterboy is that he is just a front and a low teenager, there is no component of humor.
I wanted to love the waterboy, I really did it.
I think I only laughed 2 or 3 times throughout the film.
In fact, I smiled a few times more and more from that.
Not an excellent record for a 90 -minute film.
The problem with the Waterboy is the same as most other Adam Sandler's films.
Those who are responsible for this mess seem to think that the fact that Sandler walks by using a clumsy voice and playing stupid the whole film is a substitute for a real real material.
Nothing could be more distant from the truth, in fact, Sandler's silly voice began to annoy me at points of this film.
It's really a shame too, because this film had the potential to be very funny.
I personally believe that Sandler is probably a very talented actor, it's just that so far, he has not been able to find the right film to present his talents.
If his only talent makes clumsy votes and plays morons, I suppose that his career in films will go on the same road as the vast majority of the old stars of Saturday Night Live.
most of which are no longer in the entertainment industry.
Sandler plays a waterboy, a little difficult of 31 years, a little mentally for a university football team.
The somewhat troubled coach of the team (Henry Winkler) realizes that his waterboy has a lot of repressed rage, which, if it was well exploited, would make him a force with which it is necessary to count on the football field.
You can understand the rest here.
Sandler joins the team and that, in the past, Waterboy, is a football star.
As I said, the film had a lot of potential.
The idea was decent, but the main potential of this film is the result of the distribution.
All are very good, just paralyzed by a really, really ugly material.
Even Sandler, a boring clumsy voice and everything, has enough charisma and natural comic capacity to overcome part of his bad material.
Even as funny as his character, I have always found myself rooted for him throughout the film.
But it is the support cast that I feel the worst.
If their equipment had been a little better, this film could have been such a funny film.
Faituza Balk plays the romantic interest of Biker-Chick Biker-Chick from Sandler and does an excellent job by playing up to height and sexy at the same time.
Winkler is great as a coach that uses a "coaching for dummies" style book to help him spend games.
The real star, however, is Kathy Bates.
Even with some of the worst materials of her career to manage, she is always a treat to monitor in her role as an overprotective and authoritarian mother of Sandler.
Even with the performance of Bates and Winkler, there is absolutely no way to recommend this film.
Although I have the distinct impression that without them, this film would have been classified in negative number for me.
Which is sad, because I can't really put my finger on a particular element of the film and the bachelor as the cause of the disaster he has become.
It is obvious that the people involved, especially the actors, tried very much to do what they thought was a funny film.
It's just a shame that 99% of all the jokes fell flat.