First and foremost, I think this film comes to sorrow in the hands of the PG note which was given.
For those of us who have not read James Lee Burke's novel on which Heaven prisoners are based, do not go out rabid and do not buy tickets for films featuring the combined talents of AlecBaldwin and Eric Roberts, feel vaguely depressed by the notion of swamps, gangsters with accents of Louisiana, plots, sub-celles, more plots, well, I really want to see Teri Hatcher naked, it's a filmthat you will worry about the price of admission.
Still hope?
Well, allow me to share my moment of pure panic, then of the cold annoyance of the big unleashing when a semi-robe hatch purrs to Alec Baldwin, "What do you think of my butterfly?".
butterfly ?,
I wondered, which butterfly?!
And then it struck me ...
The scene had been cut!
Damn, shame of shameless pg, show us his butterfly !!
We want to see the fucking butterfly !!!
SO ...
No Hatcher of Teri Naked.
forget that .
All right ?
NOW ...
The prisoners of Heaven, speaks of the former Hol-Holique, Dave Robicheaux (Alec Baldwin) who tries to discover a life again in the management of a bait shop and a boats rental company with hisAimant wife and earth-to-terre Annie (Kelly Lynch).
Everything that is dull, but Hunky Dory, until an airplane carrying illegal immigrants almost crashed on the couple while they are on their boat.
The plane plunges into the water and flows, but from its wreckage, Robicheaux saves a small salvadorane girl with the face of the Lutin whom he and his wife immediately decide to adopt.
What they do not do is that the plane pilot was also a drug dealer and that the plane had been sabotaged by colleagues from the latter.
When Robicheaux discovers this, he predictable, against the advice of his wife, a well -intentioned DEA agent and two gangsters who brutla misery he will obtain.
The question is now whether or not you want to be dragged for the ride through a tedious, winding but without suspense plot with an unmanageable hero as a guide.
As Dave Robicheaux, Alec Baldwin is fatty ...
No seriously, it is not the slender, thinking that the hero of the man of red hunting October is a guy away that does not seem too beautiful in a hunting sceneat the top of the roof.
He is not convincing in the dramatic moments of the film either, acting with what I can say is an economy of expression of Steven Segal.
Three -quarters of the path through the show, while you are probably waiting for the following scene in a bar where Robicheaux plans to succumb to the temptation of the bottle of whiskey, get drunk and beat someone or be beaten,You will want to want to beat him a little yourself.
On the other hand, Mary Stuart Masterson (a kind of wonderful green tomatoes, Benny & Joon) was thrown like a stripper at the bottom which has broken fingers is a breath of fresh air, with just the goodMixture of cynicism, heat, insecurity and humor to be the only endearing character in the film.
Eric Roberts as Bubba Rocque, always credible as a abusing villain of women who knows boxers (see the final analysis, also coincided by Phil Joanou) is credible here as a abuse of women who knows how to box.
And for fear that we forget the role of Teri Hatcher in all of this, which is his vacation paid rather well published by playing Lois Lane on "Adventures of Lois & Clark" on television ...
She is totally ridiculous as a manipulative and attractive rocque manipulative woman, appearing as sneaky as a slightly unhappy UA girl who tries to return to an employer who did not give her enough days off.
He is probably sure to say that his day work is bearing.
And at the end of our day, none of this is really worth 2 hours and 12 minutes of our personal misery.
Flying Inkpot's rating system: * Wait for video EO.
 * * A little creaky, but always better than staying at home with Gotcha!
 * * * Quite well, brings a friend.
 * * * Incredible and powerful things.
 * * * * * perfection .
See it twice.