When Walt Disney Pictures announced a live functionality based on the series of cartoons from the 1960s of "Mr. Magoo", special interest groups representing the impairries of vision left a cry of dismay.
M.
Magoo, according to them, would be an insult to the men and women they represented.
In fact, they were wrong.
M.
Magoo is not only an insult to the blind and almost blind, it is an insult for each human being who has the misfortune to suffer through this terribly brunette atrocity and 90 minutes.
This indicates the evidence of noting that Disney seems to have lacked original ideas.
Look at their list of versions from 1996 and 1997, and you will see a shocking list of alternatives, including 101 Dalmatians, George of the Jungle, Jungle2jungle, this sacred cat!, Flubber, and now Mr.
Magoo.
The best of them (George of the Jungle) was slightly entertaining.
The worst, Mr.
Magoo, exposes how painful a bad cinematographic experience can be.
The first problem with Mr.
Magoo is the script.
Despite the collaboration of the Nu Pat Proft pistol scribe, Mr.
Magoo is comic sterile.
From start to finish, there is no laugh to find.
Each attempt at humor - and there are many - falls flat with an audible deaf noise.
You would think that on the dozens of gags stuck in this film, at least a few would work, but this is not the case.
I had more laughs during the photos of Ingmar Bergman.
Then there is Leslie Nielsen, who looks, sounds and acts absolutely nothing like the animated character (memorably expressed by Jim Backus).
In the past, Nielsen has proven his comic aptitude with roles in films like Airplane and The Naked Gun.
Recently, however, he became lazy, taking pieces like Dracula: Dead and Loving It, Spy Hard and MR.
Magoo.
Even if Nielsen was in great shape, it would take an incredible expanse of imagination to see it as Magoo (especially since we remember the original by the short segments of cartoons that open and close the film), but"Top Form" is a sentence that I would use to describe its performance here.
This is strictly an operation to take money and execution.
History, which, like many Disney stories, can be described in a long sentence: Magoo is the only witness to the theft of a rare jewel of a museum and, while he tries to apprehend thieves byHe himself, the policeconfund him with the thief.
The cops are played by Ernie Hudson and Stephen Tobolowsky, who take their songs early and often.
The bad guys are Kelly Lynch (who kicked martial arts type), Nick Childlund and Malcolm McDowell (which has the common sense of embarrassed air).
Matt Keeslar depicts one of Magoo's acolytes - his nephew, Waldo.
The other more interesting companion of the clumsy man is a dog named Angus.
Most of Mr.
Magoo's humor is in the form of a failed slapstick.
The level of violence of cartoons in this film does not approach that of Home Alone 3 or Flubber, but it is always quite acute, with characters struck in the head with hammers and eliminated snow -covered precipices.
There is a non -violent song with Magoo preparing a chicken dinner that could have been funny if it was better managed, but, compared to Mr. The recent and similar misadventure of Bean, it does not hold well.
Then there is the series of gearbox jokes that result from the quasi-abisel of Magoo, like the occasion where he confuses a wild animal for a baby.
I am ready to cut the director Stanley Tong a little slack.
Tong, a Hong Kong filmmaker trying to enter the Hollywood market, directed several films by Jackie Chan, including First Strike, Rumble in the Bronx and Supercop.
His main talent, that of the choreography of martial arts fights, is wasted here (despite a few high kicks from Kelly Lynch).
Like John Woo (Hard Target) and Ringo Lam (maximum risk) before him, it seems that Tong was returned to Purgatory to make a bad Film as an entry into the dominant American current.
It should be noted that, unlike many Disney films that have a perverse call for the crowd of under 10 by driving parents to distraction, MR.
Magoo seems to disrupt viewers of all ages.
The screening I attended was wall children and for the most part they did not seem to have fun.
Once the film is finished, I asked a little girl what she thought.
His painful expression confirmed the adage that an image can indeed be worth a thousand words.
M.
Magoo is the kind of film that should be rejected by any potential spectator, the invisible view.