Even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his equipment, as this underwater comedy proves.
Down Periscope features Kelsey "breaking" Grammer as captain of the inept navy who receives command from his own ship as part of the plan of the corrupt officer (James Coburn) to get him out of the navy.
As any comedy is a lame, the officer attributed it to a group of misdeeds like the guy who wants to be expelled, the big guy who eats all the time, the beautiful woman who does not belong to it (Lauren Holly), theSecond-in the command that does everything through the book (Rob Schneider), the crazy old man who panics everyone (Harry Dean Stanton) and so on.
Then comes the transparent plot.
FIRST Grammer must repair the ship of the Korean War Drepidated that the Navy gave it, and this comes from the gracefulness of a gag sadness of mounting which includes a guy with a Schneider striking output over board.
Once the ship is repaired, the first exercises, where everyone seems completely incompetent, like the electrician who cannot connect wires, so the current takes place each time Grammer goes on the phone.
Finally, and this covers the last hour of the film, Grammer must lead his men (and Holly) to overcome the other ships in a wargame exercise.
And he must be an intelligent rebel to do so, in scenes that stretch all levels of credibility.
They first sing "Louie Louie" like a bunch of drunk sailors to throw the radar from the other ship, then thirty minutes later, they make rumors of the whales to throw the radar from the other ship.
During his ensemble, the Captain of Evil Coburn follows underwater, cursed grammar (as most people watching the film are probably also).
Everything is predictable without any original humor to buy it back.
The jokes are completely out of "Mchale's Navy" and other sitcoms at the past rate.
There is a scene where Schneider looks through the pantry of the ship with disgust, holds a food and announces: "It expired in 1966!"
I shouted on the screen, "these jokes too."
I watched this film with the whole family and everyone hated that.
My mother was so bored that she took out the coupons book halfway and, in the start of the second hour, I started writing my will.
The blame cannot however really be placed on the stars.
Kelsey Grammer is good in this area, he simply has nothing to work with.
His character would have become so drunk one night that he had "welcomed on board" tattooed on his penis.
Grammer probably did something worse - he is really drunk and agreed to appear in a film he knew nothing.
Ditto for Holley (Save the Penis Part), which is sympathetic in Down Periscope just because it is so beautiful.
As for Schneider (whose character is downright boring), there was nowhere where to go but after surfing ninjas, although he is still in the depths of the Ocean Comedy after jumping the "SNL" ship.
My theory is that Down Periscope is one of those films that has obtained the green light before the script was written as a formula comedy ("Okay, it is a police academy in the navy with FrasierAt the bar and the dumber of Dumb and Dumber. ") And after everyone was signed, turned into a disaster.
Judging by the video box, most other film reviews agree with me.
The only quotation that the editors of periscope copy could dig come from the Jim Ferguson of the planned chain.
I suppose that even Jeff Craig of "60 seconds seen" (who said tank girl "kicks butt!"
Without ever seeing it) didn't like it.