Regarding the average romantic adolescent comedy, I expect negative criticism of criticism on the left and right.
Predictable, without original and forgettable will most likely be the three adjectives to haunt the verses and The Drive Me Crazy's released by the dozens of the past two years.
What I'm really looking for in this kind of film is the entertainment value while I sit in the theater.
Do I have fun?
Is this a comfortable break from my week in finals?
This is why I gave films like the final destination or the tall brands of Road Trip; I had a feast of time wasting my money on something I will not remember next week.
Last week, so I opened the New York Times - and, without surprise, the boys and girls had a negative criticism.
Daily news?
negative .
ReelViews?
negative .
Epinions.com?
negative .
It was not new.
American Pie, Final Destination, Road Trip did not obtain such warm criticism and I loved these guilty pleasures.
The same goes for it to be all that, a Pygmalion formula adaptation but pleasant which was unfairly pounded.
Since boys and girls come together, she has been all this director Robert Iscove and actor Freddie Prinze Jr., I have predicted by seeing al.
But, always curious, I asked around my school and from one or two people who had seen it, the reactions were far from being positive.
I had made my decision; I will catch it on video or cable in a few years.
But, shortly after, after a series of unexpected events (we could not enter the stem because it is classified R), I found myself watching boys and girls.
Oops.
Boys and girls talk about a "cheesy and intelligent" boy named Ryan (Prinze Jr.) and a "popular, flirt" girl named Jennifer (Claire Forlani).
Briefly gathering as a pre-adolescents and who now attend the same college, the two come up against so many times that they finally become best friends.
But in the films, a man and a woman cannot be friends without having this feeling of a horny attraction for each other.
With the advice of their roommates (Amanda Detmer, Jason Biggs), Ryan and Jennifer try to discover the true sense of their relationship.
The film is definitely up to the three dreaded adjectives - and insane entertainment is not found.
I could barely sit in racing time of 93 minutes for several reasons.
Dialogue is probably the worst that I have ever seen in any film, mainly because the whole film depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words that these characters use is what Hollywood thinks that children can identify themselves.
It's almost offensive.
An example of a perceptive conversation:
 " you're stupid .
Dumb, dumb, silent, dumb. "
 " No . "
 (followed by a background of Mandy Moore-Esque melody)
 (Well, it's not as bad as the commander of the wings I suppose)
The support distribution is also painfully useless.
Detmer and Biggs stand out for everything that is interesting to happen with their own boring and unnecessary intrigules.
And although this is supposed to be both prospects of human sex, Ryan de Prinze Jr dominates the screen while Jennifer de Forlani simply acts as a dilemma so that he can work.
We never learn anything on Jennifer who is also a shame because forlani is the only actor to bring a life in his character.
As a teenager or not: you will hate this film, I guarantee it.
Maybe I should rent, it is all that again.
Is it really as good as I think?