Mugshot (director / screenwriter / filmmaker / publisher: Matt Mahurin; Cast: Belinda Becker (Stella), Michael Williams (rumor), Robert Knepper (Joe / Chris), Robert Walker (random), Willie Lassic (young brother of the rumor), Maxine Joiner (mother of the rumor);
examined by Dennis Schwartz
A dark indie film on a stolen identity.
There is not much more in this visually elegant film than what meets the eye, because it rely on the shock to tell its story of a prolonged vicious assault.
He falls into the category of being a pretentious artistic film, leaving a bitter taste in his mouth as he stereotype his characters and involuntarily ignites racial problems.
He tries to show a heavy argument on young blacks deprived of their rights trapped by their environment, with their only way to be crime.
But the story is so full of violence and its setting in New York looks like hell, that it is difficult to enjoy this film and follow what the logic of history is supposed to mean.
The relationship between the black aggressor and his white victim is cloudy, that the film never determines what it means.
Matt Mahurin is the virtual crew in a single man in setting up this film (director / screenwriter / filmmaker / publisher), which is a photographer still in his day work.
The film works better as a visually difficult room, because each cliché looks like a photograph, telling carefully the story that takes place.
A white photographer (Robert Knepper) is attacked by a black gang while he is on an independent mission to take a Harlem photo shoot at night.
He becomes a victim of amnesia and his head is bloody while he is left in a deserted building in Harlem, while the gang leaves him dead; but, one of the attackers, the rumor (Michael Williams), returns and madeseeming to help him.
He is a potential photographer, who keeps an album entitled Mugshots in the project apartment he shares with his mother and young brother.
Keep his victim in ignorance of whom he is by calling him Joe and by not telling him what is going on, he becomes the photographer for a few days.
He enters the elegant apartment of Greenwich Village of the photographer and steals his expensive camera, and decides to hold the assault vic for ransom when he discovers that he has a black girlfriend, Stella (Belinda Becker).
She is the only one in the film that could play.
The film is stuck with an awkward dialogue and an overuse of symbolism, because it ends with nothing more to say after the shock and the violent situation it created, except to beat it in the ground.
It could only be congratulated for the awarding of the film, as if it were an album of fixed photos to celebrate an assault.