Various films seen at the Seattle Film Festival:
Everything is true / three men on a raft (U. S., 1942/1986) Director: Orson Welles
A recently discovered quarter of the planned "Docu-Drame" of Orson Welle of Orson Welle of incredible stories in the named world, it is true, this short circuit with Welle's attempts to document the actions of several Brazilian fishermenIn 1942 who had become folk heroes for their fantastic revolving towards Rio on a raft.
Although several clips in the film are seen, the short film tends to spend more time telling Welle's attempts to film it, despite studio problems, an astounding workload and an extremely ill fortune on the set.
Impressive photograph, but really interesting for cinema historians.
Sadie Thompson (Umistoire de Somerset Maugham "Miss Thompson" Cast: Gloria Swanson, Raoul Walsh, Lionel Barrymore Silent
After the discussion of the newly restored version of Lost Horizon by Frank Capra, where several scenes had been restored using fixed images, I was interested to see Sadie Thompson, where the last 5 minutes of the film had been destroyed heMany years ago.
This is the silent version of the news of Somerset Maugham "Miss Thompson".
It is one of the most skilful silent films I have ever seen - a very intelligent lightness and script.
The actors: Gloria Swanson, Raoul Walsh (who also produced and wrote the script) and especially Lionel Barrymore, as a hypocritical reformer who wants to save the soul of Sadie, but really wants to do it between the sheets.
Swanson adds real life to the character, adding a worldly and affectionate air to the Bawdy Sadie.
Unfortunately, the end is rather poorly linked; it is difficult to know if it is due to the lack of live film or the original script.
The happy ending seems particularly poorly linked (I cannot believe that Maugham's news ended with Sadie and our hero moving to Australia); fixed images should fill out a conclusion that we have been waiting for an hour and a half.
However, it is entertaining until the end; Certainly, the incredibly hammered performance of Barrymore (which, nevertheless, works, perhaps because of the silent screen) is a must for anyone fed up with the actions of Falwells, Bakkers and Roberts of the religious worlds.
A film C; is 2.50 if you can find it.
The foot Piper (Czechoslovakia, 1986) Director: Jim Barta Screamser: Kamil Piza
It is an animated film in Czechoslovakia which is certainly not for children.
He tells the old folk tale of the Piper foot with an end of torsion, I find very suitable, and with a lot of political comments with.
Perhaps economic content is a better word - it certainly does not show capitalism in a good day.
Neither human nature, nor anything else, moreover.
As you may have guessed, this is not a tgif film; this is the kind of film you are happy.
Not that it is not interesting for technical reasons; it is an animation of stop which is very well done.
All the puppets were carefully carved for nuts - except for animated plush rats.
Boy, it looks like a real comedy vehicle, right?
Add this game design that makes Doctor Caligari's cabinet absolutely cheerful, and you have something to give the little ones (and some of the biggest mental folks) to keep them up night.
A little blood.
Do not bring children to it.
Do not bring adults to this one, unless they are fascinated by the puppet and / or the hatred of capitalism so much that they like to see raped wooden puppets.
Blech.
 .No pleasure.
Meier (Western Germany, 1986) Director / screenwriter: Peter Timm Cast: Rainier Grenkowitz, Nadja Engelbrecht, Alexander Hauff elegant
This film takes us back and forth to the east-German border / West German with Meier, an East-German painter whose father in the West dies and leaves him a lot of money.
His uncle (also in the West) meier of the country, unknown to the Eastern Germans.
Meier, however, is less than delighted - his girlfriend, his friends and his work (whom he loves) all exist in Eastern Germany.
After a trip around the world (his boss thinks he is on leave in Bulgaria), Meier begins to visit East Germany on day visas with a false identity document and uses his money and his tiesWith the West to buy his girlfriend gifts and bring credits work of his work team - while everyone thinks that he still lives in East Germany.
Of course, something is wrong - and the end is very funny, but it takes too much time to get there.
The humor is spread too thin and a large part of the plot is too obvious (just like the game).
However, a good concept for comedy, and the last five minutes are quite funny.
C - 2 $ .50
The Right Hand Man (Australia, 1986) Director: Di Drew Scenario: Helen Hodgman Cast: Rupert Everett, Hugo Weaving, Arthur Dignam, Jennifer Claire, Catherine McClements
After a cinema life and about four years of participation in the Seattle International Film Festival, I learned several rules which, although not absolute, should certainly be deference to:
1) Beware of French comedies.
These people like Jerry Lewis.
2) Ken Russell will never grow up, no matter how long you wait.
3) Any film where the associated director of the whistle, Gary Tucker, refers to the head of "Old Pouty-Lips" is probably not worth watching.
4) When an Australian film only gives credit is the best cinematography, be careful!
Australia has good filmmakers on the Whazoo, but since Weir and Miller have left for the foreign coasts, finding a good script or a director seems to be a difficult task (not impossible - from Malcolm last year).
Well, I ignored the rules 3 and 4 last night, and I attended a film that should be in the Golden Turkey Awards.
It is as if the director tried to do one of these classic romance stories that were made in the 1930s on the tragedy among the gentry, and falling in love with people under your station and horses.
Many, a lot of horses.
The film opens with a stallion which rises a mare under the direction of its ladyship, which, I suppose, is a kind of prefiguration, because the Musse of the house wants his son to produce an heir.
Unfortunately, said son, an imprudent idiot who faints the worst moments, kills his father and loses an arm during a racing accident.
The protruding facts include the amputation sequence; the doctor's daughter, who is hot for the son, taste her urine for a diagnosis; their tender kiss with a window between them (while it rains - you thought that awoman who studies medicine would be better).
The photography is good, but I continued to wish the B&W - everything seems sepia anyway.
In fact, I would have liked to watch swimming in Cambodia instead, but it's life.
Grade: Z. Avoid like the plague, unless you are looking for yuks inadvertently.