As Dennis Quaid, the ostensible star of Switchback, made his first appearance at about 22 minutes, you can wonder why he disturbed.
After all, the writer / director Jeb Stuart has already set up a parallel scenarios rather promising.
The first finds Amarillo, the Sheriff of Texas, Buck Olmstead (R. Lee Ermey) faced with a highly contested electoral battle as well as a brutal double homicide is discovered in a motel in his court.
While Olmstead begins his investigation, we also meet the two men who become our main suspects.
Lane Dixon (Jared Leto) is a young enigmatic hitchhiker; Bob Goodall (Danny Glover) is the jovial motorist who offers Lane a tower of Texas at its destination of UTAH.
All the necessary conflicts seem to be in place - the internal struggle of Olmstead on the confrontation between good policy and good police work, and external struggle when one of the two travelers finally becomes nasty of the protagonist of the other.
But then Quaid appears as the FBI agent determined, Frank Lacrosse.
The butt is certain that Amarillo's murders are the work of a serial killer he has been following for almost two years.
He is no longer supposed to follow him - according to the office, they have their man - but the butt has a very important reason to believe the opposite.
Two months earlier, the butt of the butt was kidnapped by the killer, and the boy has not yet presented a place.
The stick knows the work of his killer, and he knows that man is still there somewhere trying to continue their game.
It would not be fair to reduce everything that does not go with the switchback to the presence of Quaid, but it is a very good starting point.
There is a reason why the butt looks like an intruder in the story instead of its vital center: as a dramatic actor, Dennis Quaid has exactly a facial expression and a vocal intonation.
We can say that the butt is determined because its face is a perpetual tight jaw punker; we can say that it is sinister because each word comes out in a grater of Eastwood-Esque.
A more flexible artist could have given weight to the character, pulling the audience in his haunted intensity, making switchback _his_ film.
Quaid just looks bored and slightly constipated.
It is difficult to invest emotionally in the turmoil of a character when it seems that everything he really needs is a big bowl of sound flakes.
Even without Quaid, it does not seem that the switchback stayed on the course.
The first scenes between Leto and Glover have animated energy, strengthening our curiosity on which man - the taciturn child or his gregarious benefactor - is the real threat.
Unfortunately, Stuart tilts his hand too early in the game, both through the field of individual performance and the facts he chooses to reveal.
Once the mystery of the identity of the killer has been sent, the interaction between Leto and Glover becomes outdated and predictable.
In fact, "Retalie and Prédisable" describes the direction that the Switchback generally takes, falling on Hollywood devices far too common like cats that jumped out of nowhere, a fist culminating aboard a freight train andagents of the application of daring laws.
It is a shame that Stuart is not willing to spend more time with the Sheriff Olmstead, by far the most interesting and attractive character in the film.
Played with an atypical restraint by R.Lee Ermey, it is a wonderful unconventional hero who really seems comfortable to accept the consequences of acting on his convictions.
A film focused on Olmstead reportedly reported a filmmaker ready to take some risks with his casting and narration.
Instead, Stuart trusts a star of "name" who cannot wear the equipment.
Perhaps next time, he will throw this crucial page into the script, the one where the FBI agent, sincerely determined, walks on the stage to search a perfectly good story.