Any film that kills Emilio are in the first fifteen minutes to something going on.
Unfortunately, this theme music and familiar theme music are the only interesting things on Mission Impossible, led by Brian Depalma.
The first problem is that this film has absolutely no connection with the television show, apart from music.
The television program concerned an impossible mission force whose skillful teamwork, orchestrated by Jim Phelps, enabled them to advise the evil dictators of the republics of mythical bananas to inflict their sordid patterns on the world.
Teamwork was the key.
This film is put in place as a cross between James Bond and "Blow Out" by Depalma, where the character of John Travolta was the victim of real and imaginary plots of all directions.
It was the vulnerability of Travolta that made this film so exciting and claustrophobic.
In this film, Tom Cruise is fundamentally omniscient (believe it?) And there is therefore no pleasure here.
The story is about as artificial as it is artificial and is full of holes.
There are essentially two memorable sequences: one involves entering a Kubrickesque computer room - a task that could have been made much easier if the characters have a right of common sense (just say that the alarm systemis disengaged when the computer operator is the part); the second involves a high -speed train, a helicopter and the chunnel and does not have to be seen incredible.
The actors are all badly cushed, in particular Emannual Beart as a Jim Phelps woman, who cannot act, and twenty rhames as a computer pirate (!), Which seems lost and embarrassed to be in this film.
Tom Cruise is not James Bond, and Jon Voight looks more like Bobby "The Brain" Heenan than Jim Phelps.
Brian Depalma's career was confusing.
To his best, he beat Hitchcock to his own game ("Blow Out", "Carrie", "Body Double") but it is not his best.
The script was partly written by Robert Towne, who wrote the best screenplay of the 70s in "Chinatown", but this script is at best superficial, and at worst in the ground.
The cinematography has a red / blue accent of comics, which is pleasant to watch, but the suspense sequences are all telegraphy and this film even presents the old "killer who speaks too much before shooting like this, which gives the victimTime to think of an escape "Tip.
Please do not spend your money for that; it will only encourage Hollywood to do more.