The "Disney Stick-to-What-You-Best" rule stipulates that the animated Disney characteristics will be invariably sublime, but each time they try in the entertainment of live children, they will fail miserably.
This is double for occasions when they try to make a live adaptation of a popular cartoon (do you remember the 1996 version of 101 Dalations?
I always try to forget).
This rule turns out to be more reliable than ever with the Inspector Gadget, an insulting, despicable and worse piece of insulting trash can pretend to be a viable children's film.
He will bother anyone over five years old and should be unbearable for adults, even in his relatively meager time of 80 minutes.
These are films like this one that makes me want to go to my local blockbuster and to rent something at the time when the brains were more important than the budgets and the compensated spirit for lack of fanciful effects.
Just as Matthew Broderick began to convince me that there is still hope for him as an actor, his career has a plunge in hell with his "role" as John Brown, a depressed security guardianWith a big heart that hopes that one day he can do it a real police officer and help people around him.
He dreams of heroic acts and the subsequent admiration of his longtime crush, Dr.brenda Bradford (Joely Fisher).
But after a few bizarre coincidences, it seems that he should no longer dream.
John breaks all the bones of his body while trying to save Dr. the father of Brenda.
Dr.Benda worked on a "gadget project", which would make a half-machine superbier to fight crime.
To feel indebted to John, she decides to save his life by making him the subject, realizing his dream of becoming a police officer.
Now when he says "Go Gadget [Insert the name of Gizmo here]", he can use all kinds of clever gadgets to capture crooks, bandits and murderous mangle.
Meanwhile, The Evil Claw (Rupert Everett), the man responsible for the murder of the father of the good doctor builds his own gadget: a carbon copy of our inspector gadget with the exception of evil and the worse sworn enemy of JohnBrown.
Claw has world domination plans, which leaves the inspector and his mobile gadget (voice of D. L.
Hughley) to save humanity from his anger.
The advanced effects fly at a crazy rate in this 90 million dollars film and yet director David Kelogg has never set up a convincing atmosphere.
If they had replaced all the fantasy gizmos with a dollar tickets, they would have ended up with the same effect.
What we see on the screen is like the raw ingredients of a meal: all expensive F / X represent nothing.
Part of the charm of the television series was its sneaky irreverence which lowered the toilets in the condescending film.
Can children really admire a hero if goody-two-shoes he shouts "hey!
You have run a stop panel! "
By suspending the rear bumper of a moving vehicle quickly?
I think today's children will respond better to someone who rushes, someone ultra-cool.
They receive (probably) enough preaching from their parents and it is an insult to their intelligence to assume that they want to go to an action film to see a figure of father give a kick.
In addition to the more complex complaints above, there are also simple things: the inspector gadget is boring, formula and incredibly improbable.
There is no feeling that the director really cares about his story: more than any other film I saw this year, he really feels like he was made on a mounting chain.
There is a popular advertising (for sprite, but it is not relevant) which works in cinemas before the features which usurpted the way in which major studios deal with projects.
It consists of studio combinations discussing a fictitious film (thank God) entitled "Death Slug".
Each executive happily presents a different goods link (Slug Taco!
Slug on a stick!).
In the end, one of them asks "and the film?"
another answer : "Well, we don't have a script yet, but we can hit one by Friday."
They could probably have replaced "Death Slug" with an inspector's gadget.
This film contains the kind of logical contradictions and adherence obviously obvious to the formula that could have been eliminated if all attention had been paid to the script.
It is not a coincidence that most good entertainment for children today come from animation.
The animated features take so long in Maker that it becomes a work of love for filmmakers and they put care and pride in their work.
These types of films are struck more quickly and a good percentage turns out to be without value, sloppy and impersonal.
The studios become factories and film their assembled products.
 ? 1999 Eugene Novikov & # 137;