Reading the cast and director of the new gangster comedy, "analyze this", I wondered: "How could it miss?"
Robert de Niro ("Taxi Driver", "Raging Bull"), Billy Crystal ("City Slickers"), Lisa Kudrow ("The opposite of sex") and the director Harold Ramis ("National Lampoon's Vacation").
They are generally reliable filmmakers (well, okay, Crystal has been in an important crisis lately), and revealing, the first half hour of "analyzing this" was very funny.
Unfortunately, while the execution time was moving away, I started to think that the first thirty minutes had been, without my knowledge, were repaired and were replayed twice and a half times.
The film obtained an intelligent premise, but has no idea what to do with it because it gradually becomes more and more repetitive until I finally stop enjoying or worrying about what iswent to the screen.
The life of the middle age psychoanalyst Ben Sobel (Billy Crystal) is finally going very well.
Although he has never succeeded in his own insessive parents, in particular his father, who is also a psychiatrist, Ben has a teenage son that is easy to live (Kyle Sabihy) and is about to go to Miami toMarry to her AMIE television journalist, Laura (Lisa Kudrow).
In little but a lightning, however, suddenly sees his ruined plans when he accidentally strikes the car from the crowd and later receives a visit to the famous mafia Paul Vitti (Robert de Niro), who desperately wants advice, even ifHe himself-himself he will not even admit to have crises of anxiety.
Ben tries to help Paul, especially so that he will get him out of his back, but the plot becomes more complicated when Paul follows Ben at his marriage, which ends with a man dropping eight stories at his death.
It seems to Ben that no matter what he does, Paul Vitti will not disappear, and the more they get involved, the more happy life of Ben is put in danger.
 "Analyze this" has a few sprinkled laughter throughout (mainly in the first half), but I have always had the harassment that what the rower director and the writers Peter Tolan, Ramis and Kenneth Lonergan had been thought of ajoke (Robert de niropersoning slightly his roles of mafia passed seriously, while terrorizing and becoming friends with Billy Crystal Comique) then by recycling it during the duration of the operating time of 106 minutes.
Admittedly, from Niro is very funny here (and I do not remember the last time you could use this adjective to describe it), and Crystal is at the top, but the whole film is weighed directly on their shoulders without anythingAnother to support them, including a substantial intrigue.
Since "analyzing this" bill not, not two, but three writers, you would think they could have worked together to repair significantly important faults, but they all had to be in automatic pilot.
One of the most disappointing and wasted opportunities in the film is the way the film deals with support characters, who have almost nothing to do and are not even given multidimensional characters to try to develop.
Leaving his Oscar caliber work in two of the best films of last year, "Clockwatchers" and "The Opposite of Sex", the role "Girlfriend" Cleaning of Lisa Kudrow is an incredible step.
Of course, the colleague of Kudrow "friend" Jennifer Aniston did the same thing two weeks ago in "Office Space", but at least we were able to spend a little time with Aniston.
Kudrow, in the meantime, stands out above all, wondering without a doubt why she agreed to appear in this film in the first place.
Palminister Chazz, as a Primo rival gangster, is still doing worse, in a role that plays more like a reflection after the fact than a real character.
Finally, Molly Shannon (increased cinema star and actor on "Saturday Night Live") has a cameo to a wise hilarious scene at the beginning as one of the crystal patients, then disappears completely. Too bad, given that the supporting players have surely proven that they have the capacity to support from Niro and Crystal.
Once "analyze this" approached his second wedding scene, leaving Laura de Kudrow again at the altar, I had become completely bored by the place where the story was gone, and IMostly lost respect for the character with whom we were supposed to sympathize the most, the most, well.
Subsequently, the feeling culminating with Ben pretending to be another mafia boss in place of the depressed Paul, has become a real dead zone without laughing, losing his last remaining comic shots.
 "Analyze this" proves that talent can certainly help any film, but when the written material is not up to their level, which remains practically a thin air vacuum.