Note to the writers and yourself: when you hit the high weather, and the studios are hitting for the scripts that are seated in your lower drawer, saying? E all to hit the road.
Gilligan wrote home fries who were defeated ten years ago; he was put aside until he finds success as one of the "The took a second glance at" Comedy "De Gilligan - They reread it with glasses tinged with rose.
Drew features Sally, a dark (but sweet) waitress pregnant in a small hamburger in the city somewhere in the south of the United States.
The father of his child died, victim of a serious heart attack caused by the sadistic torture of his two steps - these flyboys frightened him with their low -altitude helicopter.
Dorian (Wilson) and Angus (Busey) even obtained for his Philanderie paths in the name of their anxious mother (O'Hara).
The problem is that Sally picked up interference on her Drive-Thru helmet, and Angus is worried that she may have heard conversations that took place in the helicopter before accidental murder.
Dorian is therefore under cover as a clipper of Hamburger; before being able to say "with cheese", he falls in love with the future mother.
Too bad Maman and Angus have homicide plans for Sally.
Does it look like a movie you want to see?
Without a doubt, the best thing about homemade fries is barrymore; at the risk of appearing sexist, it has never been better than here, like a curly redhead with sparkling eyes.
She wins in a role that forces her to do nothing, except at the Cute Apple-Jerk and Gawk on Wilson, her real boyfriend.
But the intrigue and the situations are so off -putting that nothing could save it.
This film desperately wants to be mentioned in the same breath as the Coen brothers, but the brand Home Fries of Labried Hipness would be foreign to geniuses like Ethan and Joel.
This raises arizona without babies, without charm, without laughter, without human characters, and without intelligence; worse still, it is frightening.
What is funny to threaten to pull a pregnant woman with a machine gun?
 (Unless the woman in question is a gingerbed girl.)
Take out the helicopters, the almost incredible relationship between the mother and her sons (it is absolutely illogical, as part of the film, which Dorian still lives with his mother and his brother), and the murder scenes (tempted and otherwise), and what left for you?
The story of a single woman with a child who works in a fast food joint (but who dreams of becoming a country singer).
It could prove to be the most annoying film ever made, but it would be better than homemade fries.