I did not come to City of Angels while waiting for greatness.
I have never seen wings of desire for Wim Wenders, the classic film on which the city is vague.
Again, I saw enough stories that are based on a similar plot device, the small mermaid (both the Disney version and the original folkloric tale) being among them, that I had bigexpectations as to possible power such a story of impossible love can hold.
Unfortunately, the city of angels ended up making some of them.
The intrigue, for those who could not say the glimps, revolves around the Angel Seth, played with an almost frightening intensity of Nicolas Cage, who, in the midst of his angelic duties, falls in love with a heart surgeon namedMaggie (Meg Ryan in his most endearing performance since when Harry met Sally).
Of course, his being an angel prevents him from doing a lot about his love, except to appear at random moments to speak to her, watch her buy grocery products, only to disappear in the blink of an eye.
Their love must remain not shared unless Seth decides to make the ultimate sacrifice and to become human.
Using this framework as a starting point, the film is trying to browse strong philosophical ruminations on the nature of desire, the joys of human being and the definition of perfection.
The first half of the film succeeds on most points.
Cage plays perfectly the eminently difficult role of an angel who does not know the feelings, so cannot really express, preventing the character of Seth from becoming boring despite his limited repertoire of looks of intention and expressions of sorrow.
Unfortunately, Cage takes the intensity too far sometimes, then Seth appears to be more frightening than sensitive.
As Maggie, Ryan manages to be convincing as a heart surgeon who has trouble reconciling with her having lost a patient on the operating table despite everything.
Her beauty, unlike her unbearable kindness in the French kiss, is mature, intelligent and won.
Likewise, certain interesting ideas float at the start of the film.
When the camera takes place through traffic jams and libraries and we hear the thoughts of random people who flash through the screen, the public feels a little what it should be an angel.
The beautiful camera work, shooting the hectic world of Los Angeles from the unlikely perches of the angels, also gives us an idea of the unique feeling of the angels of wonder.
However, the film begins to lose its way, when the accent is tightening more and more on Seth and Maggie.
The great angelic perspective is lost, with the exception of a few lines launched on the incredible beauty of the world through the eyes of an angel.
The film turns into an examination of the way Seth cannot feel the world or, more importantly, he cannot feel Maggie: he cannot feel his hair, feel it or taste it the pears that it eats.
This change in concentration attempts to capture the public in Seth's intense desire, but in doing so, the conflict disappears.
If he wants Maggie so much, then why doesn't she just jump and become human?
After all, what is so great to be an angel?
Of course, you can sit on Marlboro panels, but what is it in relation to being with Meg Ryan?
And from there, once the desire has been established and the romantic outcome must occur, everything is downhill.
Philosophy becomes heavy, the pedestrian of the dialogue when it tries to be deep, and the plot simply twists out of a few additional tears in the Hankie of the public.
These are the last thirty minutes of the film, then, which stops the film.
I have the impression that the writer, by removing all melodramatic stops, stole me which could have been a really powerful cinematographic experience at the romantic and philosophical level.
I came out by feeling stolen, seeing so many possibilities in a film becoming anything.
I could go long Ger, but I don't want to "ruin" the end by revealing one of the cheap plot devices on which the film is based.
The city of angels is therefore a paradox.
It is a well -played group (search in particular Dennis Franz against typical milk like a happy fall angel), well filmed and based on a wonderful idea.
All these possibilities, however, are what makes the film so uninhabitable when the closing credits appear.