"Deep Rising" gives you this feeling of sinking both clean and figuratively: not only does the film take place on a cruise ship which slowly immerses itself in the middle of the ocean by a threat of Calmar, but the storyIn progress is artificial, silly and idiotpresque completely derived from countless other films (and, for the most part, better).
While the films of stupid monsters can at least be decent pleasures of guilt - take, for example, the summits of the Schlocky mountain of "Anaconda" of last spring - "rising" deep saying "has no language to putin his cheek.
People, we are only a month old in the new year, and already here is a candidate for one of his most stinking versions.
Most of the action takes place on Argonautica, a luxury lining in the middle of its inaugural trip (Uh-Oh-If these people had seen "Titanic", then maybe they would have known to stay inThe house) when attacked by a giant and tentacted marine creature.
The only survivors are Slinky Jewel Thief Trilian (Famke Janssen), the owner of Argonautica Canton (Anthony Heald) and some other crew members.
A mercenary team, led by ingenious captain John Finnegan (Treat Williams), aboard the Argonautica in search of help after their own boat was broken down nearby.
But what their search for the ship discovers is something soaked in blood, hunger and not very useful.
The main problem of the "deep increase" is its manifest familiarity; the film makes absolutely no attempt to differentiate itself from most science fiction / recent memory films.
The concept is "Leviathan" meets "Titanic", with a suspicion of "speed 2" thrown for good (or is it bad?)
measure .
This monster is equally "20,000 leagues under the sea" and "The Relic", knows how to open doors like the Raptors of "Jurassic Park" and can even expel a half digested victim (a neat effect, certainly) toThe rest of the giant snake in "Anaconda".
Some of the attack sequences are straight out of "Jaws" and "Alien".
A scene where the other survivors must travel underwater to escape death is completely out of "extraterrestrial resurrection".
There is even a jet skiing like "Hard Rain".
And the list continues .
Watching Battle The Beast "Deep Rising" is a troubled chore in itself, because none of them has well -developed characters, and they do not seem to project even the slightest sense of fear in the face of their enemy.
Williams is quite affable, but his Finnegan is simply not credible.
An interesting support cast is completely wasted; Pretty Famke Janssen, better known as "Goldeneye" killers, is trapped in a forced romantic interest with Williams, while Kevin J.O'Connor, as a mechanic ofFinnegan provides comic relief with a screaming maniac shtick that is growing quickly.
Djimon Honsou, who received raves for his performance as a noble slave in "Friends" in December, appears in a brief part.
He needs to stay away from the water.
The final blow of the film is a groan, as is the 11th hour regurgitation of a secondary intrigue involving a saboteur in the ship.
As if a casting deserving of its snack food is not bad enough (when you taunt the monster, you really ask it), "Deep Rising" is a slow and stupid slog through a story without a single light point.
And as we all know that the higher the rate of victims, the more we are at the end of the film, raising this calmar invaded to swallow the whole ship is not out of the question.