When I saw the overview for the first time of cruel intentions, I turned to my friend and I said: "Dangerous links for children!"
It was clear to me that the film would be an obvious song of non-sensitive nonsense, due to all that is in the masterpiece of Stephen Frears in 1988.
Imagine my surprise to see that the writer / director Roger Kumble gave his credit to his Source equipment: Choderlos de Laclos is recognized for his novel the Dangerus links in the opening credits.
And I was impressed.
In fact, I was much more impressed by this recognition than by the real film, which is a terrible excuse for a film.
It is a children's piracy for children, with a terry sexual discourse and fully dressed traffic jams.
I suppose that this kind of film was inevitable; with all the anguish of the high school anxiety for adolescents, there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable film on a bunch of adolescents who think they are smarter andMost beautiful than all other people on earth combined.
Cruel intentions is a waste in all ways possible, and it fails mainly in the way I expected: I hated all the characters, and I hate everything they do.
I also hate Ryan Phillippe, so maybe my opinion is not as objective as it could be.
Phillippe plays (see this name) Sebastian Valmont.
Wow .
Isn't that a memorable name?
I could simply reform it again and again.
Sebastian Valmont.
He rides some sort of language, in a spirit of sentences like blood vapors and a velvet sandwich.
Sebastian Valmont is the coolest guy who has ever walked on earth; there is no woman he cannot have, no material object out of his reach.
He has all the money, all the sex - all with finger.
And, fortunately, his parents never enter his life - no, in the world of cruel intentions, adults do not really exist.
Those who do it are irritating.
Sebastian Valmont lives with his half-sister, Kathryn Merteuil (Sarah Michelle Gellar), the dog-Queen of the universe, and also the woman that every man wants.
Since these two wealthy children are bored so much, they can only make defects with insignificant sexual bonds.
Kathryn wants Sebastian Valmont desire Cecile Caldwell (Selma Blair), a naive Dork cushion who was wrong in Kathryn.
But it's too easy for Sebastian Valmont - he wants Annette Hargrove (Reese Witherspoon), the "paradigm of chastity and beauty".
Thus, Sebastian Valmont and Kathryn conclude an agreement (which is too explicit to say here).
But - Dear God!
- Sebastian Valmont is actually starting to fall for poor Annette Hargrove.
Dangerous Liaisons is a great film because the characters are all credible and because of its masterful game.
Cruel intentions is bad for many reasons, but both credible characters and a masterful game are missing.
Kathryn Merteuil is simply a hateful witch, a daughter so repugnant that I would probably like to pay a hot lead over her.
She is supposed to be nasty, but Glenn Close gave the character a certain depth in dangerous links.
The gellary, although aesthetically pleasant, is unidimensional and completely repulsive.
Witherspoon has a truly beautiful face, but her character is not the moral basic food she is supposed to be: of course, she will not have sex before she is in love (is it reallyA problem * moral *?), But it does certain things in the last scenes which are more than a little reprehensible.
But I cannot forget Mr. Phillippe, who continues to overcome my expectations with his impenetrable and invulnerable blandness.
I have to give him credit and say that he has in fact managed to change his facial expression about three times during cruel intentions.
And there is a point in the film in which he shouts, thus beating my hypothesis that he is vocally monotonous.
Admittedly, it is bad, but that does not help that he has no character with whom to work with.
Kuble has emptied all the interesting aspects of this character, Leav Invented us with a crazy sex who is supposed to be sympathetic because he falls in love with a moral flower and avoids the nasty dog.
The film also fails in all other ways.
First of all, nobody speaks like that.
Even "intellectuals", I know, do not care about this kind of unnecessary and pretentious screaming.
For a while, the film seems to be playing to laugh, but it ends up taking itself if there is no way that we can join it.
Cruel intentions also manage to present themselves as sweet porn in more than one scene.
Earlier, I mentioned a fully dressed hand job; this happens between Kathryn and Sebastian Valmont, who are both intended to be hateful at this stage of the film.
So if we hate them, then what is the interest of an prolonged sex scene?
Titillation, of course.
This cannot even work under the pretension of a "significant love scene" because we hate the characters.
It is interesting to note some of the parallels between cruel intentions and dangerous connections.
Kumble clearly knows the previous film; many scenes have a similar tone, and there are moments in the film of Frears that Kuble imitates almost completely (like the last scene, in which [Spoiler warning!] The antagonist is humiliatedin front of his peers).
But children don't act like that.
No one acts like that.
In his translation, Roger Kumble forgot the development and sympathy of the characters - quite crucial elements.
The result is an image of confusing wickedness, a kid for children who thinks it is really deep and deep.
I will give cruel credit to intentions for having carried out his influences, but that does not change the fact that it is horrible.