The films are not much more ridiculously titled than "I always know what you did last summer", but as the film in question is better described as ridiculous, the title works as a warning.
More than a silly bite to disturb the ticket seller, the nickname of this horror suite also contains serious surveillance that anyone who saw the original will be able to spot: what "you did _last_ summer" you"Done in summer really done in summer_Before_ last summer, and since" I "knew it _ce_ this summer as well as summer, it is really illogical to say that" I "_still_ know what" you "havefact _last_ summer.
The filmmakers would have at least made sense with the shortest "I always know", the more "I always know what you did there are two there" or the "stupid appropriate people being hacked in bits".
This last suggestion is the preferable because the characters in this film do things that are the polar opposite of Smart.
For example, if your roommate is plagued by terrible nightmares following being hunted and almost murdered not long ago, you sneak in his room late at night and you hide in the cupboard, evenIf it was just to locate and borrow a cute dress?
Probably not, but that is precisely what the student Karla (Pop Diva Brandy) does to the best friend Julie (Jennifer Love Hewitt), resulting in the first in a long line of bogus embraces.
Julie, you will remember it, was one of the only survivors at the end of the 1997 surprise hit "I know what you did last summer", after a slasher with a grudge to wear - it's aHistory _Long_ - started trying to capture her, her friends and various others in their coastal village in Carolina.
In this episode, the plot resumes as Karla wins a trip to the Bahamas, and Julie, but struck by guilt, perhaps decides that a tropical getaway will help relieve her mind.
Yes indeed .
Their paradise of the island has room, of course, for one more in the form of the still-alienated killer (Muse Watson) of the first film.
He sports the same fisherman outfit of Gorton, a heavy hat and a rain cloth that mask his identity, but why he always tries to remain anonymous is a mystery that this film never solves ...
Although I guess his hook hand would look funny by saluting a leisure costume.
In a sense, it is the blatant defect of the film - everyone knows who is the villain, thus evaporating the level of paranoid tension well supported by its prequel.
The murders and attempted murder in this film were lively and frightening, but the scenario "I still know" by Trey Callaway means that the fisherman is as stupid as his fairly potential victims.
When Julie is fortunately unconscious in a tanning bed, giving her a perfect chance to take revenge once and for all, what does he do?
He twists the closed cover and launches UV rays - one might think he would like her to be emptied now instead of a skin cancer victim later.
Even "summer" prequel lovers could relocate how little things here are beyond sporadically amusing absurdity and a few blood trees with bloody teenage flesh.
The innovative pocket humor that the scribe (and the cry of "screaming") Kevin Williamson injected into the story that takes place from "I Know" is cruelly missed, replaced by the grumpy puffing of a boy from Cabana RastafarierWhite smoking grass and throws a slang like "Yo Yo" "you will applaud - not screaming - when he ends up with a pair of hedgetrimmers firmly established in his chest.
If "I know what you did last summer", as effective, was just the kind of film that these subversive "cry" made fun of pleasure, then the mortal "I always know what you did in summerLast "deserves a whole roasting apart" Mystery Theater 3000 ".