Inspired by the 1958 film on Hauned Hill with Vincent Price.
Directed by William Malone.
With Geoffrey Rush, Famke Janssen and Chris Kattan.
Classified R (contains violence, blasphemy and brief nudity).
Synopsis: Eccentric Millionaire Price offers $ 1,000,000 to each of its guests who appear during a rally in an old sanatorium.
The only problem is that they must survive the establishment at night, an establishment haunted by its former staff and its patients.
Comments: House on Hautned Hill is based on the original 1958 film of the same title directed by William Castle and with Vincent Price.
In an obvious tribute, the name of the millionaire is the price and it has a thin mustache like the price.
It is a very bad horror film, but the bad horror movies are sometimes very entertaining, and House on Haunted Hill is just such a film.
It is, surprisingly, better than another haunted haunted remake, The HAUNTING, a film that owes its base to the classic horror novel by Shirley Jackson.
Obvious claims had literary claims and fell flat on the face.
House on Haned Hill owes its line to a 40 -year film B and makes no illusion that it is a shitty horror film.
So, in a way, it turns out to be slightly more successful.
I cannot think of another recent film that has had such an eclectic distribution.
It is this cast that raises this Ho-Hum thriller in an entertainment exercise limited in the horror of the camp.
Price, the main character, is played by Geoffrey Rush, the actor of the victorious Shine of the Academy.
Rush seems to make a descending spiral in the film industry, a spiral that recalls Ben (Ghandi, Schindler's list) of Kingsley in classic science fiction species of the camp.
I don't know why, but sometimes it's entertaining to see "quality" actors in bad films.
More surprises?
The rising star Taye Diggs plays an African-American sports figure stereotypical (rather more independent), and the singer Lisa Loeb (!)
appears as a television journalist.
The culmination of distribution, however, must be the member of the Saturday Night Live Chris Kattan.
Kattan's comic sense provides several humorous moments while playing the hysterical owner of the old sanatorium.
While the first half of the film lets the audience guess what is going on exactly, the second half dissolves in standard ghost stuff and loses part of its suspense.
A disappointing end at the Ringy Mars is also really this film.
House on Haned Hill, I suppose, has almost left the second -hand rooms.
It is worth catching up with the cable next year, if you have the opportunity.
If you have the choice, choose this film on the haunting, it's the best of two ailments, you could say.
Although, more appropriate, it would be better to say that it is the best of two turkeys.