"Desperate measures" is a generic title for a film beyond Generic.
It is also a waste of depressing talent, with the solid team of Michael Keaton and Andy Garcia launched ungrateful head roles, not to mention the director formerly cool, Barbet Schroeder unfortunately continued his chain of non -cool films - This thriller is more"Before" Avatet after "that" the inversion of fortune.
The film is a big disappointment, and yet it is somewhat easy to see what has motivated so big names to get attached to it - the premise is both promising and intriguing.
Too bad the execution is wrong, however, because the configuration of "desperate measurements" has rather attractive elements which deserve to be well used.
The San Francisco Frank Connor (Garcia) cop is a single parent with a disturbing dilemma - his son Matt (Joseph Cross) is struck with cancer that only a bone marrow transplant can push in remission.
Worse, the only compatible donor is the violent sociopathic Peter McCabe (Michael Keaton), currently serving a perpetuity sentence for several murders and other various crimes against society.
Connor does his best to convince McCabe to follow surgery; he is first reluctant, but reconsider after realizing that he can plan his escape to the hospital.
When he runs a race for this, Connor offers a close prosecution, but for different reasons for his superiors (including the crisp Brian Cox) - they want to shoot McCabe, while Connor needs to keep him alive, or all hopeis lost to his little boy.
A misstep that "desperate measures" are in its underdevelopment of Matt's disease.
What is necessary is more details on the reason why McCabe is the only correspondence of bone marrow that works; there would seem to be other possible suitors somewhere in the country, and therefore many ways in which Connor endangers theLife by himself and those around him trying to keep McCabe alive are a little too difficult to swallow.
Take, for example, a scene where McCabe tries to get a getaway by climbing on a high passage tunnel connecting two sections of the hospital.
The police have his spotlights and the firearms targeting directly on him, and what does Connor do?
He pulls the spotlights so that McCabe can continue his flight.
Connor knows very well what dangerous actions this type is capable of, and yet never seems to think that McCabe will eventually arrive and try to harm his son.
never mind .
To be fair, however, the lack of history is the least of the problems of the film.
First and foremost, how cheap "desperate measures" exchange the potential of its opening scenes for routine action ballistics of its last hour.
Once McCabe escapes, the film becomes the fugitive upside down and without sensations.
There are countless scenes where the vouchers catch up with Keaton to make him take a hostage and escape.
In addition, the film is so determined to give you a villain inducing Hulules (advertisements compared Peter McCabe to Hannibal Lechter, Natch) that she completely throws Frank Connor from Garcia by the side of Dullsville; "Desperate measures" seems to loveSo much more his antagonist than his protagonist, and the head shoemaker confirms it.
There are good to find among this mess, especially in the actor service.
Lying against the guy, the discreet threat of Michael Keaton is very effective.
Although it was not very credible to work with, Andy Garcia plays a tense emotional agreement.
Joseph Cross, as a sick son of Garicia, is surprisingly insane, and Marcia Gay Harden lends solid support as a doctor who becomes a major actor in current chaos.
This casting does its best to camouflage the sorry intrigue because it goes towards an inevitably happy ending, but most are lost.
It goes without saying that "desperate measures" need its own operation.