Summary of the plot: The year is 2024.
The ozone layer has long been part and the earth has now been protected against radiation by a shield invented by Connor McCleod.
The shield, although saving lives, made the atmosphere warm and humid.
Connor is a deadly and tired old man who has lost hope.
Upon his return from the Opera, one night, Connor is accosted by the head of a "terrorist" organization.
They tried to know what the company now manages the shield unit covers.
Connor is then attacked by two assassins sent by Katana from the planet Zeist (like Zeit - Get him?).
They fail and Connor becomes immortal again by cutting their heads.
He then brings back to life in Glencoe in Scotland.
Ramirez and Connor are both rebel leaders on Zeist and were sent to Earth as punishment.
Connor has the possibility of coming back being the last, but chooses to stay with his new immortality found and fight to discover the company and the shield.
Katana, for his part, fearing that Connor will come back, proposes to kill the Highlander.
If you've never seen it.
Being a fan of Highlander and MR.Connery, I was in the cinema as soon as I could see Highlander II: The Seckening.
I want it to have been faster.
I feel everything you can say about a movie (bad script, bad music, etc.) if you just got bored during most, so nothing else should be said.
The film was short but in my opinion, only about twelve minutes (the moment when Mr. Connery is on the screen) is worth watching.
The intrigue seems a bit ridiculous but I was ready to give it a chance.
Maybe they could remove it.
Instead, I find that the characters have completely changed compared to those in the first film.
It is as if they are different people with the same names.
Connor's witness jumping into the bed with the leader of the Resistance - where is the attitude of "who wants to live forever, when love must die" went?
The Sub -intrigue of Love * must have cut images cut.
The Highlander and Ramirez both seemed to be aware of the powers they had never mentioned before.
Putting our heroes in deadly situations, then making them move away because of a new power is very boring.
I always want to know why Connor's coat becomes proof of flame when it is immortal!
We are not given enough time on Zeist to believe it, and we were told why advanced foreigners always use swords to kill.
Why not dynamite or laser saws or simply natural bullets followed by a quick chop on the neck?
I know that the head must detach themselves, but you can at least immobilize your opponent with laser rifles first.
To be fair, an assassin has tried this, but he must be the worst stroke of the world.
Meanwhile, Connor develops Luke-Skywalker type powers from the laser beam.
As for the "bad guys", we see a rebellion on Zeist, crushed more easily than a grape, then the rest of the intrigue depends on the obsessed by Katana by the death of McCleod in case he returns to Zeist.
Two assassins are sent, probably they are supposed to be good to kill, but an elderly connor kills them both without problem.
More murderers are not sent.
Katana, supposedly a very powerful man himself goes to kill Connor.
Does he no longer have any murderers?
Isn't it better?
Why was the rebellion so easily crushed?
Michael Ironside is not completely convincing (bring back the Kurgan).
He looks like a cartoon character and is really not so bad, just stupid and violent.
We see the Hollywood tip of the villain threatening a child again and killing many innocent people.
However, he still does not seem to be a threat-perhaps because he seems too stupid to threaten Connor, or perhaps because his two best murderers would not have been bad with Larry, Curly and Mo.
So much for the plot and the characters.
Music is excruciating.
It is at best intrusive and at worst boring.
Bring the queen back.
There was an audible sigh (relief?)
When Connor played a queen Trac K in a juke-box.
I think it must at least be corrected for the American release.
The game is at the best dish, with the exception of Mr.Connery.
Lambert is without interest and when he delivered "there can only be" this time, it made me wish that there was only one - Highlander.
Michael Ironside is not convincing; sorry, Michael, I generally love you and everyone was incredibly forgettable.
So why 2/10?
Visually, the film is interesting at any time.
He has a feeling of blade runner and some of the special effects are quite amazing.
Add to that an irrepressible Sean Connery that smiles throughout the film-or is it a sly smile?
Its lines and delivery could make the film valid if it was not so obvious that it cannot take everything seriously, but hey - * I would have done it for 12 million.
Oh, and I agree with a previous criticism, she * looks like Sharon Stone * but I think it's her first film.
By the way, there is a credited line producer and I hear rumors on Highlander III: The Wizard.