A follow -up of Disney's live action "101 Dalmatians" which is better, more entertaining than the first?
just as improbable.
With "102 Dalmatians", Disney studios have proven that when it comes to going to dogs, no longer is not * the happiest.
The "101 Dalmatians" in 1996 were certainly not the greatest cinematographic experience of all time, but he presented Glenn closed in a scandalous and larger than life performance.
In addition, we had two kind tracks in the form of Jeff Daniels and Joly Richardson, and many, many adorable spotted puppies.
This time, there seem to be fewer puppies on the screen, and the facial and physical gyages of close are to feel as old as the 53-year-old actress under her surprising black and white wig.
But it's only half of the problem with Kevin Lima's laborious film.
What makes "102 Dalmatians" such a bore of collies are his embarrassing humor attempts (here almost alone on a macaw who thinks he is a dog, expressed by Eric Idle), hisEnraged intimacy (Cruxe goes after the puppies; Winds; again to Goo again) and above all, the incredibly wooden actors who play the romantic "heroes" of the room, a Welsh named Ioan Gruffudd and the Fleur-Que-Blande Evans inAs long as a parole officer named Chlo?.
Gruffudd is cute and harmless, perhaps, but Evans cannot even suck for that.
The dogs both have them, but in the case of Evans, even the split ends of close are more animated.
The bad game, however, seems to be a requirement for this sequel, since G? Rard Depardieu presents itself as a French furryer with a haircut like Robert de Niro in "Men of Honor".
Jean Pierre Le Pelt is a flamboyant fashion designer with a penchant for fine furs and exaggerated buffoonery of Depardieu imitate those of the nearby Campy for the scourge and moan for moan.
The most popular export in France in addition to brie, has long been transformed into caricature of itself, and in "102 Dalmatians", the producers are doing this achievement for all that is worth - the pelt likes to referSmall fur creatures like "poop", for example for example (and ad nauseum).
The finesse of the script (attributed to four writers no less, and far from all that Dodie Smith has ever imagined) are quickly dispensed, because everything you need for a free cruella to be shaken by her years of therapy D'Successful aversion in the slammerle toll of Big Ben (?).
That's it, it's back in the mansion to ride in his wise men and visits and a plan for beds and a plan to flay these little dahlings for a designer dress with hooded.
The dogs are pretty cute - try to make a puppy look otherwise - but that's about everything they are.
There is always the feeling that there is a coach in the wings, Amader dogs to open doors or pick up their food bowls in unison, or put a strip in the video recorder.
The wise holiday fires should skip "102 Dalmatians" and pass the original classic 1961 in * their * VCR instead.
It is one less Dalmatian, but 101% more satisfactory.