What makes Renne Games even more disappointing than a simple predictable and lifeless action film is the cast and the team that signed the project.
Most of the people involved in reindeer games come from terrible collapse with excellent return performance in their most recent films.
John Frankenheimer, who produced the unforgettable drama of the Cold War, the Manchurian candidate in the early 1960s, recently showed criticism and fans whom he still had magic in his skills as director when he created theShiny car pursuit scenes in Ronin.
The screenwriter Ehren Kruger gave a remarkable first impression when he wrote the script for the underestimated Arlington RD.
Ben Affleck displayed his comic talents in dogma and boiler room, and even on Saturday evening, it live directly after the horrible nature forces and 200 cigarettes.
Even Charlize Theron, who I was convinced could not act, did a decent job in the rules of the cider house.
When all these brilliant stars meet, it would be assumed that the film will have great potential to be entertaining.
After getting out of the theater by showing Rennes Games, the disbelief was my first reaction? Then frustration.
The film could have been presented at first on Cinemax at two in the morning with an All-Rookie distribution and would have always lacked entertainment.
The game is so pitiful and the script so dull, I may have to rethink some of my opinions on the talented tale of these actors.
It seemed that everyone was limited to the scenario and did not give a good amount of improvisation rights.
We have all seen Ben Affleck having fun on the set, it is so obvious in a certain number of scenes of good will of hunting when he exchanges jokes with his friends in a bar.
The actors of this film were having fun and, from that, the public had fun.
The reindeer games are quite the opposite; the actors do not seem to want to be their characters (even Danny Trejo, who will do practically anything, does not seem to have fun), which makes the publicis quickly disinterested.
Evidence of public disapproval was noted when a woman behind me shouted "Boy This film is horrible!"
And when there was dispersed laughter during the most dramatic moments.
The story follows a man, Rudy (Ben Affleck), who leaves prison in a few days with his best friend and cell companion Nick (James Frain).
Nick exchanged love letters with a beautiful woman, Ashley (Charlize Theron), and is eager to leave the prison and meet her in person.
When Nick is killed in a prison riot, Rudy decides to pretend to be Nick and take Ashley to an appointment for the Christmas holidays.
Unfortunately, Ashley's brother, Gabriel (Gary Sinise) interferes with their relationship.
Thinking that Rudy is Nick, he kidnaps Rudy and threatens to kill him unless he helps to steal a casino, which Nick uses to work as a security guard.
Now Rudy must pretend to be Nick so that he can protect Ashley from his brother Gabriel.
confused ?
The film no longer becomes complex as it progresses, until it becomes very complex at its highest point.
But the reindeer games make its first serious mistake during the first half hour.
The hero commits a gourmet and selfish act when he decides to claim that he is his dead cell companion to go out with Ashley.
a hero.
The goal of a hero is to do the thing morally correct, a person for the public to relate or admire.
When Rudy lies and cheated on his way in trouble, instead of gathering me support for him to finally succeed in obtaining the bad guys, I felt more as if he obtained what he deserved and even wanted to see him sometimes failed.
The most irritating part of the film (in addition to the fact that this is a Christmas film released in February) is the number of chances that the bad guys can kill Rudy but fail or delay a silly reason.
The routine in which the villain must explain his genius plan to the hero before Trying to kill him with a developed machine is so tired these days, especially when I want to see the dead hero impatiently.
The only saving grace preventing this film from receiving zero stars is a fun but useless cameo by Isaac Hayes as a prisoner upset by his food.
Why was he in this film for such a useless role beats me.
Why one of these people had something to do with this film beats me.