The American stereotypical man has an undeniable fetish love of sports cars.
Producer Jerry Bruckheimer plays on this attraction with a film so charged with testosterone and titling with a plan after a frantic photo of powerful muscle cars, aggressors of elegant foreign roads and emblematic speed machines that many men will leave the theater inan orgasmic mist.
Finished 60 seconds is an orgy of Maleness hard hardly badly.
Cage is a legendary retirement car thief, Memphis Raines (don't you like cute film names), who must call on his worn skills to save his thick-headed brother (Ribisi) to be killed.
Seems a boss of murderous crime (Eccleston) with a fetish for wood (insert your own joke), brother Kip, Kip, steal a ridiculous quantity of expensive and exotic cars.
Fifty cars, to be exact.
The poor kip screws the dog and badly outcrops work.
If the cars are not delivered in three days, Bossman has a carved coffin just for kip.
literally .
If only someone could save him.
Hmmmm..Merveille
What does Memphis do?
In order to give the film a little emotional weight, there are several sub -intrigues designed to shoot our heart strings or give us the thrill ... yawn, excuse me, dramatic tension.
The observation of Memphis is an ancient enemy of application of the law (Lindo) which seeks to refer Memphis.
Will he catch him?
There are Old Flame Sway (pretty), who had the heart broken by Memphis years ago.
Will they get back together?
The researcher in Myopus and the thrill Kip Idolish his brother, but he wants to move away from the family.
Will they reconnect?
Old Mentor Raines (Duvall) has long left the life of the crime.
Memphis will ultimately catch him when he brings him back to life, once again?
Can you correctly answer all these questions in 2 seconds without seeing the film first?
I bet you can.
After the opening credits, which tell you about the achievements of the Raines family through an assembly of old photos, we were taken at full speed in the splendor that is Memphis.
He first showed that living good life by teaching young children to drive charts.
In a later scene, because the unsuitable brother Kip Kip knowingly says to Memphis that he has the situation of a stolen car under control, while preparing breakfast, a metaphor is made of Shakespearean proportions.
Like a pan of fat vanished with kip without knowing how to suppress it, the big brother Memphis calmly and effectively throws salt on it.
It looks like everything might go after all.
You know this because the music swells on the ridge of violins.
It is about as strong as characterization, which is a shame.
Bruckheimer has a real talent to load his films with an obscene quantity of talent given the task to be accomplished.
Pretty monumental underused depicts an empty-headed sexpot whose idea of sex revolves around cars and Memphis.
Or maybe it's just the cars.
DUVALL TROTS on his codger outfit, but sweet.
I'm sure he is still laughing at taking a pay check for this one.
Lindo projects a warm but closely concentrated detective which almost transcends the material.
The biggest waste of resources is Vinnie Jones, who plays a silent accomplice from Memphis.
Without saying a word, it is easily the most charismatic person in the film.
Like an explosion of nitrous oxide, he attacks each scene with a simple zeal.
Too bad her minutes on the screen are so few.
In one way or another, Bruckheimer manages to attract the best talents of Hollywood actor to a high concept, to badly written films, to gussies in the film with a lot of gold shades and a pleasantly stylized actionAnd they sell like proverbial cakes.
Whenever something intelligent happens, it is offset by something so bad that it starts you again to realize that you watch a film.
There is an innovative use of black lighting which goes from a novelty to a part of the plot.
He is offset by an extremely F Eeble attempt at humor by having a driver test of Asian origin several times.
Imagine the Yuks.
There is a segment where one of the thieves shows another false cool fingerprint thing.
It is countered by the lavish semi-sous of a stolen car with a heap of heroine in the trunk.
The ramifications are never explored.
Then there is the ridiculous of the many cops who really shoot on fleeting cars.
Not only is it stupid, but it is against the law.
This is a pretty film, but lukewarm car proceedings have gathered with a character interaction just to move the plot.
Made in 60 seconds rightly describes how long it will take this slightly entertaining film, but empty to leave your memory.