I saw this film on Christmas day while waiting for an optimistic comedy.
Boy, I was for a Christmas disappointment!
After an hour of film, I was ready to change the locker room - in another theater!
Read the rest to see what I have to say ....
Four rooms:
Featuring: Tim Roth, Jennifer Beals, Antonio Banderas, Quentin Tarantino, Valeria Golino, Madonna, Bruce Willis, Marisa Tomei, Alicia Witt, Lili Taylor and Ione Skye.
Possible stars)
 "Four Rooms" was supposed to be one of the greatest successes of the year.
Keyword here: "Supposed."
Four of the biggest directors in Hollywood: Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, Alexander Rockwell and Alison Anders all made a great film with a large and popular cast.
I guess everything was too much because it turned out to be the biggest flop of the year and it could be great.
The intrigue: it's New Year's Eve and it's Bellboy's first day.
He meets many mysterious and perverse customers while he tries to manage all his own problems.
Tarantino told its directors this intrigue, and each of them wrote a script.
It turned out that each of them had written a dark comedy.
Anders wrote and produced the story on a witch clan (Madonna, Valeria Golino, Alicia Witt and Ione Skye), which was the worst of all.
The second room (Jennifer Beals) was better, but was missing a plot.
This piece concerned a man who accuses each man of sleeping with his wife.
The third room (Antonio Banderas) was the best rock, about two rambunds who throw a hotel suite.
The last one (Tarantino, Willis) concerned a movie star wanting the Bellboy to cut someone's finger.
The film was simply garbage.
There was nothing here that even constitutes a quality film.
It was not funny, and I did not hear laughing at the theater throughout the film.
Tim Roth is horrible as an clumsy and mumbled Bellboy, and he ruins all the jokes of the film.
The support cast loses meaning to the word of support and the only actors / actresses mentionable are Antonio Banderas and Jennifer Beals.
Marisa Tomei appears in the role of stupid cameo.
This film is the worst film of the year and the film could have been great, perhaps as a more optimistic "Plaza suite", but that was not the case.
As trashy as it may be, some people will call it classic.
Do you call a man cutting a finger with Madonna's chest showing a classic film?
Look for more Ken Kritic Korner to come soon!
Please consult the discussion groups in the Film Critics for updated criticism.
P.S. "Four Rooms" made number 1 on my top ten worst list of 1995.