I would have liked to be in the pitch meeting for this ridiculous notion of a sports film.
I bet that he was a Hosthot Warner Brothers agent with a dark Armani costume and well -maintained nails saying: "It would be a very light comic version of all Sunday given, and we could throw the Hoosiers angle with the casting ofGene Hackman as the Durmous coach determined.
Add this piece of a Keanu Reeves guy and a casting of eccentric characters and POOF!
We will have a blow on our hands! "
Replacements are a hokey error in a football film, a collage of unidimensional characters, crawling stereotypes of cultures and races, cliché emotional statements and Keanu reeves wishing that the rest of the matrixStarts the main photography.
The story is vaguely based around the strike of professional football players in 1987 and a team of replacement football players who take up the reins of the professional game for a variety of teams with names like Washington's sentries.
Keanu Reeves embodies Shane Falco, a football college player Has-Been looking for redemption.
Gene Hackman puts on a Fedora like Tom Landry and speaks with Gusto as a certain coach in Hoosiers.
To complete the casting includes Jon Favreau of swingers, the Pitchman 7-UP Orlando Jones, the brutal owner Jack Warden and the cast of eccentric and unknown actors who do incredible work to portray perfectly stereotypical characters: the Welshman drunk, the WrestlerSumo overweight, black black, blackcondamné, violent cop and stupid girls.
This group of Nobodies is trying to do something for themselves by taking the team to the season's qualifiers with incredible football games, Gene Hackman Hurlant and wondering where Dennis Hopper's football is Keanu Reeves in searchFrom his body, which makes him appear well on football on footballfield, and the cheerful cheerlers of the local striptease club, which means that Coyote's girls resemble Denny waitresses.
The usual things happen as a clockwork.
The hero rises ashes of failure, the team meets in unity, the hero falls in love with a conventional romantic interest, football matches are won with enough Schlock value to make the most ignorantThe joy of the public and the clap, and the cheerlers you make you want to go home and watch end of the evening movies on Cinemax.
It is also a shame that decent directors with good films under their belt are in seed and become television hacks and immediately.
Howard Deutch, who was behind the camera for two of the best films of the 80s - pretty in pink and a kind of wonderful, has since made more grumpy old and Caroline in the episodes of the city.
Obviously, the problem is that without a good script, any director will fail at the end.
Sports films are strong vehicles for cinematographic glory, granular tales involving the honor of men and valiant efforts made for the ultimate goal of victory in the face of insurmountable ratings, the rise and the fall of the gallant heroes, andDrama stories painted sanget sweat on the battlefield of life.
The replacements offer none of this.