The horizon of the event is the limit of a black hole ...
And, in the future, it is also the name of a spaceship that disappeared when he tried to go faster than the speed of light by crossing his own portable black hole.
Naturally, it is the configuration of the other event horizon ...
the film .
When the ship suddenly appears when it disappeared, just outside Neptune, the crew of the ship called "Lewis and Clark" must go and investigate, and Dr.William Weir, the creator of "The Horizon event", comes to come for the journey.
If you watched a poster for this film, you know that the following is "infinite terror".
Well, I don't know the "terror" part, but "infinite" certainly seems to be eligible ...
Horizon event is a sick and bloody and sick excuse for a film.
He begins like an extraterrestrial scam, then degenerates into a bloody slasher film unnecessary after about 40 minutes.
At least for these first 40 minutes, it is an interesting scam * of Alien.
This is much more than what can be said for the rest of them, which seems to last forever.
It is not a scary monster film, nor a psychological thriller.
It is simply a film that tries again and again so that viewers feel sick in their stomach on the Extreme Gore site.
You've already seen this kind of film.
The Hellraiser series had many scenes containing this sensitivity.
It is a kind of film for which I have no respect, a kind of film that I had hoped for years ago.
It is quite possible for a film to frighten or shock its audience without using anything in Gore, but Event Horizon takes the road, and viewers pay the price.
There are many good respectable performance, fishburne and neill most visibly.
Paul Anderson's management is impressive, as in Mortal Kombat.
There are many special effects, mainly dealing with many common objects floating in zero gravity.
The sets are beautiful to look at.
And Richard T.The character of Jones (Cooper) is hilarious and extremely sympathetic (more than most of the characters I have seen in recent films) for the small screen he has.
And none of this can prevent the film from being a level of Grade D film.
The idea of a ship that has a kind of life in its walls, a life that knows the fears and the interior skeletons of human passengers, is promising.
A story of a house haunted in space is not such a bad idea.
But the final execution is extremely disappointing.
This does not mean that Philip Eisner (by making his first film feature film here) has no talent.
For these first 40 minutes, he manages to make an tired premise interesting, adding aspects of a unique flavor in a story of a scam, and they are not too many writers.
He even has a scene that, although she also tries to abandon the public, has an honestly tense sensation (the scene in question deals with one of the crew members in a airlock while others try toSave to float in space).
He definitely has something of a gift, but it is not entirely exposed here.
I will certainly be impatient to see more of him, and I hope that his future work fully explores his talent and the possibilities of history of the premise.
But because of what this film degenerates, I have little or no respect, and I had little or no pleasure.
If this is what we have to wait impatiently in the future of the film, then I agree with the feeling of Laurence Fishburne - "God helps us".