I am a devoted fan of the work of the writer Kevin Williamson.
He always finds an intelligent way to spice up old material with a dialogue full of spirit and new ideas that arise from his inventive brain.
With Mme.tingle teaching, its beginnings as a director, Williamson reached the end of his rope.
What was intelligent in his films is desperately stunned here.
The components are all there, including an encouraging premise with which all high school students can identify.
But where are thrills?
laughs?
The two are supposed to be absent from this Draggy exercise in developed revenge.
And what a shame is.
I loved Scream - Heck films, I even appreciated the clumsy science fiction of the faculty.
Kevin Williamson was the reason why horror films were such a large draw-office draw.
Teaching Mme.tingle, a black comedy that will leave a gaping void in his optimistic disciples, can end his reign.
Or maybe it will encourage him to spend more time perfecting a script than to worry about his realization.
I always have my faith, but I fear that the name of Kevin Williamson will soon be a forgotten echo of the past.
The title of his project for pets is a vicious and carefree history teacher who is played delightfully over British actress Helen Mirren.
Mrs.Ter is essentially the worst nightmare of all students: a heartless human being determined to distribute bad grades to the greatest worker of his students.
The director (Michael McKean) is horrified of her, and she is unanimously despised among her colleagues member of the staff.
I appreciated the fact that everyone in the corridor quickly leaves their way.
Mirren's performance is one of the very rare delights in this fiery black comedy that descends like a flat -flat drink.
In other words, it is a bad substitute for the best work in Williamson.
The plot is a big problem here.
The material that could have been pleasant is made completely ridiculous by poor manipulation on the part of the director.
The sympathetic Katie Holmes plays Leigh Ann, an exaggerated hoping to obtain a university scholarship.
But MRS Typique.tingle says that her history project, on which she worked for countless hours, is laughable.
Later, during his studies in the gymnasium, a classmate (Barry Watson) offered him a duplicate with Photo-Copy of Mrs. Final Tingle Examine.
Leigh Ann's best friend (Marisa coughlan) encourages him to use it.
Alas, the old witch herself finds the three diagrams, and tears the test, and is preparing to speak to the Director of the morning.
The morning ...
How practical!
The three students are heading for Ms. the house of Tingle, trying to put the right facts and erase the name of Leigh Ann.
Things become uncontrollable and the professor is unconscious in a battle.
The plan is to attach it to a bed and try to remove a reasoning from it.
Of course, everything will not be fully planned.
In addition to the unnecessary subpcelles involving the football coach (Jeffrey Tambor, horribly wasted), there is little real progress.
There is no urgency for the situation; little tension or laughter is involved.
Humor is completely inconsistent.
After many jokes, the theater was so silent that I could have heard a sneezing of fly.
You continue to wait for a momentum in history, something that could possibly revive the slow pace.
A moment like this never occurs.
Williamson is also doing a great job to waste some of the main support players, including the talented veterinarian of McKean and Larry Sanders.
And the beautiful Vivica A.Fox has a lifeless scene as a caring advisor, then Williamson has her character entirely.
On the positive side, Holmes and Coughlan are admirable (the latter giving an impression of credible frightening exorcism), and Molly Ringwald has an appearance of a fun cameo as a substitute teacher.
While everything is enough life, teacher Mrs.tingle remains w Atchable.
There are a few promising ideas that appear from time to time, but everything that is interesting at a distance is wasted by the insane script.
Mirren is easily the best reason to continue watching.
It is convincingly and fun to watch, but even its gifted delivery cannot save individual scenes that bend in boredom.
If there is a word for the film around it, it would be "disappointing".
Basically, Kevin Williamson is his worst enemy here.
His management without incident prevents the appreciation of all aspects of his scenario (not that his writing here is particularly good).
We will see, when the screenwriter recruited Ehren Kruger writes the third episode of the Scream franchise this Christmas, if Williamson is for real.