"Battlefield Earth" is the best comedy of the year.
it must be.
The other perspective is simply too horrible to consider.
Bad Movie Syndrome struck me again, so after having witnessed how "Battlefield Earth" was proclaimed a wreck in the critical and popular circles, I felt the masochistic desire to see the first catastrophehand.
Is it as bad as announced?
Oh yes, a lot.
The intrigue is incomprehensible.
The game is excruciating.
The special effects are poor.
The action is dull.
The invurations are legion.
The dialogue is cringing teeth.
The whole is funny when he wants to be serious and irritating when he wants to be funny.
I do not even want to continue to review this film; I would like to purge the atrocity of my mind as soon as possible, but you probably want to read my frames in all its sarcastic glory, so here
The premise is essentially a scam of the "planet of the apes", without monkeys and philosophical discussion, and more a breed of evil foreigners from the Planet Psychlo.
The year is 3000, the psychlos have conquered the earth and the human population was reduced.
Only a handful of humans have escaped in areas rich in radiation to escape extraterrestrials; they live their life in fear.
A man, Johnny Goodboy (I know, I know) Tyler (Barry Pepper), ventures into the Outworld and is captured by the Psychlos.
There, he confronts the chief of psychlo security: a great ugly creature and the aspect of the Klingon called Terl (John Travolta).
Pressed in slavery, Johnny promises to direct a revolution and take up the planet.
Meanwhile, Terl is faced with his own problems: he recently learned that he is stuck to live on earth (he hates) for the rest of his career because he annoyed his boss by sleeping with the girlof the great man.
He decides to give Johnny a knowledge of psychlo language and technology (this is where the intrigue becomes ridiculous.
 .
 .)
Thus, the "Man-Animal" can lead a mining expedition to places where psychlos cannot go.
Terl then plans to keep the gold extracted for him.
Of course, its plan does not work.
So much wrong with this film - Where to start?
What would you say with Travolta, whose Hollywood weight provoked this, the cinematic version of Scientology Guru L.The science fiction novel by Ron Hubbard?
The first glimpses of "Battlefield Earth", with constant plans of a travolta loaded with makeup like Lex Luthor, had (and several members of the public) by pointing out: "What devil thinks Travolta?"
The film did nothing to stem such remarks.
All this ridiculous cackling he made in the trailers is in force here: Terl rich after almost all the lines, just like all the other psychlo.
Of course, it makes each hilarious hilarious scene, any more than when the script falls awkwardly in political comments.
Psychlos are probably supposed to be a kind of satire of American companies, but CEOs generally do not laugh in a maniac maniale after having denied salary increases to their employees.
 ("You were going to be promoted - but now you are not!
Fwahahahahahahahaha !!!!! ")
It is not a big surprise that Terl loses against humans - he is an idiot.
He breaks all kinds of Supervillain rules in the book.
He underestimates his enemies, assuming that he will win just because he is smarter.
 (He uses the word "lever" as a kind of scientologist mantra.)
Not content with following the path of James Bond bad guy to explain his plans to the hero, he connects it to a machine which gives him knowledge of the whole language and technology of psychlos.
 (Why this machine is even there first of all.)
It then seems shocked that Johnny points to a weapon on him.
No wonder this guy never had his promotion.
The inconsistencies of the plot are too numerous to be mentioned.
Why do psychlos build a earth base in which they and human slaves must carry small breathing devices survive ?
How is it that psychlos waste their time exploiting gold when the doors of Fort Knox are wide open?
How did the devil all these fighter planes sit in a hangar for 1,000 years?
And how do all these men from the cave previously dead from the brain learn to have them fly so quickly?
There is much more to scratch your head in "Battlefield Earth".
Bring a dashboard to follow the intrigue holes.
The director Roger Christian draws "Battlefield Earth" in the most distracting possible way, tilting almost every lateral blows without perceptible reason.
All the characters seem to be held on the walls, and it is terribly difficult to watch a film when you have to tilt your head just to watch ordinary passages of dialogue.
The action sequences are published atrociously, everyone has turned into an endless slowdown parade which drains all the potential excitement.
Are these things really so difficult to build?
My respect for the supposed directors of "light" action increased by step as a giant after having witnessed in "Battlefield Earth" how an action sequence can be turned.
This film is an absolute headache.
It is not only the selection and edition of the shooting; frankly, the film makes no sense.
For most of the operating time of "Battlefield Earth", I just didn't know what was going on.
It had nothing to do with the fact that I find stupid or illogical events (although they were certainly) - I had really no idea what was going on.
When I reconstituted the plot later, it doesn't seem better.
Here is how much it is a disaster: "Battlefield Earth" is already the worst film of the year, and it will take something really, really incompetent to top it.
The only thing we can comfort in the film is that no one will be inspired to join the Church of Scientology because of this.
In fact, I think Hubbard's worship would like to distance itself from this bomb as quickly as possible.
This will teach me to give in to bad film syndrome.