* * The following review contains a hard language ...
But what were you expecting when you clicked on this title?
 * * *
Interpreters: Kristen Holly Smith, Danica Sheridan, Alex Boling, Michael Dotson, Sonya Hensley, Janet Krajeski, Sabrina Lu, Dionysius Burbano, Calvin Grant, Jeff B.harmon writes and directed by: Jeff B.97 minutes
 "The idea of getting you lost to me all the vomiting inside."
--- Blatz Balinski (Danica Sheridan) deplores the fact that her Lesbian lover, April (Kristen Holly Smith), has just received a telegram from her ex-fiancé.
Isle of Lesbos is an incredibly offensive musical about Pfferpot Avril (Smith), a resident of the small town of Bumfuck, Arkansas, who is about to marry the school's dear and the football hero Dick Dickson (Michael Dotson).
When April becomes extremely cold feet, she goes home, sticks a pistol in her mouth and presss the relaxation.
Instead of committing suicide, it is transported by magic through its mirror on the island of Lesbos, an alternative dimension where lesbians govern and no man is authorized (with the exception of spear, the cleanser / slave of the toiletshomosexuals).
April loves his new house and friends, but Dick and his parents are not so ready to abandon him.
M .and MS.PFFERPOT (director Jeff b. Harmon and Janet Krajeski) decide that they need medical help so that they end up with the help of Dr.Colon Sigmoid (also Jeff b. Harmon), whoclaims to be able to cure homosexuality.
In reality, Dr.Colon is also homosexual and begins his special "treatment" on Dick Dickson (without the knowledge of Dick).
When April refuses Dick's request to return to Bumfuck, he decides to take matters into his own hands and attack the style of the island of Lesbos Rambo.
Instead of leveling the place where he falls in love with Lance (Alex Boling) and the two, as well as Earr and his lover Blatz, marry.
 (Note to the filmmaker: why did the spear character make damage to the camera followed by the silence that I suppose that I suppose was inserted in order to wait until the laughter of the public has disappeared?))
April's parents, feeling as if there is no appeal, call President Clinton in favor and send a nuclear bomb (whose circuits are inexplicably composed of a homosexual artist).
The bomb is a failure thanks to the work of the "circuits" and they reduce it and refer it to Washington D.C., destroying it.
M. And MS.PFFERPOT gives up trying to recover their daughter and decides to join her because they have alternative sexual practices that are their own.
I do not know if the writer / director / co-star Jeff B.harmon deliberately tried to offend people because he believes in some of the ideas that his film presents or if he was just going to laugh cheap.
Anyway, he manages to present some of the most offensive materials that I have ever seen in a film.
The film opens with a preacher who directs a small African-American child out of the city, then later goes to the suspension of an imitator of Michael Jackson by the Ku Klux Klan (during a Socle musical number),Preceded by remarks on "Gays and consecutive lines can ultimately put their differences behind them and work together to hate others, like the Jews".
If Harmon simply tried to emphasize how much the silly company may be, then I apologize for being so severe on the elements of his film, but he is presented so unhappy that I can not help feeling like aserious intention.
As for the whole central theme of the film, I am afraid that it is the one I do not get.
I tried to keep my mind open while looking at it, but the homosexual elements were simply too widespread for my tastes.
It was quite difficult to see them hit other breeds and sex without them preaching on the virtues of being homosexual and accepted by society.
How do you expect to be accepted if they are just as guilty of non-acceptance?
I am not pron E to judge anyone and I believe that people should be free to explore the avenues they wish to release from the contemptuous eye of society, but do not force your particular rhetoric in my throat if you do not show the same respectFor my preferences you want from me.
Again, maybe I miss the satirical point that Harmon tries to do, but if this is the case, I think it could have been managed a little with more tact.
Regarding musicals, Isle of Lesbos is not Trey Parker and Matt Stone Musical, but a good part of the songs are extremely catchy.
Despite the disturbing visuals, "Maman and Apple Pie" stayed with me for the rest of the day.
Speaking of disturbing visuals, "wedding bells do not ring" could have been a decent song, but the visuals that accompany it with domestic violence are more painful than this film should not display.
 "I am a lesbian" (which is presented in the press release as being particularly popular) is also quite good, but a good part could be due to the Stellar singing voice of MS.SMITH.
It is mainly on his excellent voices that my note from this film is based.
The other artists are decent, with the exception of the performance of Rosie O'Donnell given by Danica Sheridan.
I have no problem inherent with his character; it is just his singing voice which leaves little to be desired.
A particular musical issue, "Lesbian Rock", was one of the lowest points that I have ever known in my film life thanks to a tense and dull vocal work in Sheridan.
The film ends for about twenty minutes before the credits roll.
The rest of the duration of the operation is padded with a few additional songs ("Lesbien Rock" included) and the anti-nuke message ridiculously presented at the end for no other reason than to make it a feature film.
Once the "resumed of Lesbos de Lesbos has been reached, I felt that the story had already been well wrapped in finishing all this.
Why did the film spread unnecessarily beyond its obvious end?
Isle of Lesbos is available on www.indie-ternderground.com video band.
The transfer is fairly clean (and all the details of the wrinkled tissue and painting decorations are easily visible) and the film is in mailbox at around 1.85: 1.
In many ways, the island of Lesbos has an incredible cult potential (like a rocky horror for the new millennium).
This film is by no means my cup of tea, but I know that there are people who will appreciate it.
If you think it could be for you, then look by all means.
On the other hand, I will clean my palette with a good action film like Gladiator ...
Wait. Are the gladiator films not considered ...
Oh doesn't matter.