In the 1970s, many European intellectuals, in particular those of the left political hemisphere, became obsessed with the rise of fascism.
This was not so difficult to wait because the social disorders of the 1960s and the economic decline of the 1970s seemed to be the reproductive ground of many dangerous ideologies.
In these times, when political participation could be associated with the noble passion, many filmmakers have tried to warn the current generations of dangers that are hidden by giving the appearance of the pre-war Europe and the circumstances whichhave led to phenomena like the Italy fascist and Nazi Germany.
Of course, there were authors who jumped on the train for other less noble reasons.
For them, the moral depravity of fascism could explain to the public by explicitly showing the sexual depravity of that time.
Which, of course, made some of these very popular films among public adolescents.
One of these filmmakers was the Italian director Tinto Brass, who then filming soft and elegant sweet porn.
Salon Kitty, her 1976 film, is very Losely based on the novel by Peter Nodern, a book that deals with bizarre but true history that took place in the first years of the Second World War.
In 1939, Walter Schellenberg, one of the heads of the Nazi intelligence service, created the elite, an exclusive brothel in Berlin with a clientele made up of senior Nazi officials and foreign diplomats.
None of the customers knew that the girls were all Nazi agents and that all the rooms were putting in the budget.
The most bizarre thing is the fact that even Kitty, nominal Madame du Bordel, did not know the real objective of this company.
Tinto Brass's scenario, of course, simplifies the story and changes some names.
Schellenberg is now Wallenberg (Helmut Berger), an ambitious Nazi manager who wants to use the brothel in order to make his way to the top.
Kitty Kellerman (Ingrid Thulin), in addition to being madam, has a second job as a cabaret singer.
Margethethe (Theresa Ann Savoy) is taken in the net of depravity.
There, she falls in love with the client Hans Reiter (Bekim Fehmiu), disenchanted pilot of Luftwaffe.
When Margethet discovers that her lover had been executed for defeatist speeches that he pronounced in the brothel, she discovers that the place is dubbed.
She informs the Madame of the real situation, and the two women decide to face Wallenberg.
Those who tend to strike Benigni for having exploited the holocaust as the subject of comedy would probably go bananas by watching this film, which uses the darkest pages of European history for inexpensive sexploitation.
But, although Salon Kitty is nothing more than more elegant and expensive sweet porn (although it is not very successful; some supposedly erotic scenes are not very attractive), he tries to have more charactersMultidimensional and even something that resembles Dramatic Bonflit - this time between the power and the scruples of Wallenberg and hedonistic femininity symbolized by Kitty.
Unfortunately, the brass seems to overcome other cinematographic references, probably thinking that he could repeat the successful interaction of Berger and Thulin in the damned of Luchino Visconti, but the most visible and the most irritating is the musical attempt of Ingrid Thulinto imitate the musical numbers of Lisa Minelli from Cabaret.
Overall, Salon Kitty is a failure, although with very interesting moments.