Ladies and Gentlemen, Payback is the most expensive episode of "The Equalizer" that I have ever seen.
Gibson plays to wear, a burglar shot and left for death by his wife (Deborah Kara Uger, in a cameo too bread) and his partner (Henry) after a successful breakage.
While a morgue attendant maintains to remove the bullets from the back to wear, wearing returns miraculously to life.
He does his mission, as a man who died without conscience, to take revenge on those who have screwed him up and recovered his share of the booty.
 (In an executed gag, Porter requires $ 70,000, but everyone hurts it and assumes that it is after the entire transport of $ 130,000.)
During his trips (or transport), carry several other nasty morons to a name like Fairfax (James Coburn as a millionaire with white hair "operation").
Helgeland's film (which was cut by Mel the producer) is devoid of an imperative charm of Dime's store.
The novelty of seeing a large movie star mercilessly sending criminals switches off quickly: a) because the bad guys can only be differentiated by their caps, and b) because the Mel's schtick does not evolve from the actUn-he-he Terminator stranded in a conspiracy a science fiction hook to keep us interested after the disappearance of the initial sadistic thrill.
Payback should have been called reading: it is a 102 -minute loop from the same short sequence.
 (Mel: "I want my money."
Anonymous villain: "No."
Mel pulls the pistol.
The anonymous villain dies.
Mel meets her friend Hiter (Bello).
Second verse, like the first.)
It is not the determination to wear that deprives the film of Snap, Crackle and Pop; as a character who is already "dead" once, he has nothing to lose and so much to win.
The film lacks danger.
The only thing that is in danger is to put the public to sleep.
Payback has a gravelly metallic look that also becomes monotonous; his cinematography would be more appropriate in one of these dark urban psychodramas that come out of England every two months.
 (The director of photography Ericson Core should have been dismissed early to light Bello, so Va-Va-Va-Com in Permaanant Midnight, to look like a potato in a Gregg Allman wig.)
Analyzing such mediocrity is to pay much more attention to the recovery than it deserves.
Perhaps only someone so experienced with antagonists as a protagonists as Tarantino-Regarde what he did with the Robbery tank dogs sloppy without hero-robbery could have removed this material (a loose remake of JohnBoorman's point blank).
The film presents the conventions of Pulp Fiction (all women are matal women; even the cops are on this, etc.) and cross them with the conventions of melodramas of television crime with cheese (death is never inThe main character's cards, etc.) but transcends either.