Well, while I check my score card for what I did this holiday weekend, he reads good ideas: 0 and stupid ideas: 1.
I don't know what I thought when I decided to watch this film.
But for my defense, I can only say that it is someone else who urged me to see this with him.
The film I'm talking about is "one night at Roxbury", one of these offers based on a live sketch from Saturday Night.
Wayne and Garth, these two are not.
We rather meet Doug and Steve Butabi (the names of the actors are not worth mentioning), two eternal revelers whose biggest ambitions in life seem to find a way to enter the hottest night club ofThe city, the Roxbury.
By driving in their father's BMW and wearing disco metallic combinations directly from Miami Vice, they try to bribe the bouncer to enter the club.
"Have you met my friend Washington and his friend Roosevelt," they say with confidence in leaving the change of spare pockets.
Their second greatest ambition seems to ooze as many idiotic collection lines as possible humanly in order to start a conversation with a girl ("Let me see this label.
Just as I thought - made in paradise, "says one of the brothers).
And, like the losers they are, they fail to do for a large part of the film.
However, as fate would have done, an accidental meeting with Richard Grieco "who was chopped" gives them the very important ticket to enter.
Their sad life takes on a whole new direction.
They make an important contact with the owner of the club who believes that these two brothers have a strange overview of the club scene.
And they are mistaken as swingers rich by two voluptuous young women.
But their new popularity does not impress their father, who has other plans for them.
What is unfortunate about this film is that it is a film on a mouth, and the brothers are the joke.
In fact, there are about 10 mints of tolerable things.
Alas, too long for television and too short for a feature film.
Thus, there is simply not enough equipment to support the 83 -minute film.
There is no plot to find and all that these two seem to lead to an opportunity to execute their brand movement to slam the head in unison at the funky rhythm of Haddaway Haddaway song, What is love.
I was surprised that none of the two suffers from a cervical boost.
To take more time of film, there is a secondary intrigue involving the daughter of the businessman next door who wants to marry Doug.
This creates not only a friction between the brothers, but their improbable pairing will also stir up public members.
She is educated and an earlier witch.
Meanwhile, Doug is a complete loser.
How did these two ever come together?
I suppose that if I can never understand the answer to this question, I will have understood why I decided to go see this film.
If you are looking for entertainment, you will not find it in Roxbury.