The pre-liberated buzz of certain films insists so much on their potential with high Oscars that when they finally got out, everyone goes.
Thus, sometimes, films unworthy of all prices without raid become hopes of the Oscars and some even score nominations.
Last year was the fine red line.
This year's "winner" is the hurricane and purely undeveloped guts which is suddenly received with critical praise and votes in the Pool Oscar Office.
The biopic of the acclaimed director Norman Jewison puts together all the conventions of audience films without any pleasure.
And it's supposed to be ok because, see, it's a true story.
It is Rubin "Hurricane" Carter (Denzel Washington), a legendary African-American, who is unjustly found guilty of triple homicide with the help of a horrible (racist!)
Detective (Dan Hedaya) who had it for the hurricane "Big Shot" since he stopped it for stabbing a white man with a knife (self -defense but who cares, right?)
When Rubin was only ten years old.
He must serve three sentences with perpetuity without the possibility of parole.
Most of the film takes place when it is in its 15th year in prison.
At La Récousse - Lesra Martin (Reoncellous Reon Shannon) and his team of detectives.
Lesra is an African-American teenager taken by three wealthy Canadian whites (Hanna, Unger, Schreiber) to obtain an education.
Lesra and her friends go to a sale of books where Lesra chooses her very first book - "The sixteenth round", the autobiography of Rubin.
Immediately afterwards, the character of Schreiber said to Lesra "sometimes we do not choose the books we read, they choose us."
Hmmm.
After a few visits to prison, they become convinced of Rubin's innocence and launch their own large -scale investigation even if two juries condemned him.
They cross meticulously all the files and revisit all the ancient witnesses (I wonder if one of them could be old grumpy women who slam the door on their faces?) And during their incessant tightly tedious discovers discoversObvious evidence confirming the innocence of Hurricane Hurricane. It was ignored or never looked for during the first two procedures.
Of course, we are already told that he is innocent.
A film like this is particularly frustrating because we are not showing us all that is important that has happened to Carter during this period of his life.
Very obviously, we get the Hollywood version watered.
It would be ok, except that the pieces we get are treated for each drop of melodrama that the filmmakers could possibly extract them.
It's almost cruel.
The melodrama is not of the entertaining genre either; it is the hokey variety, pressed from the range where each emotion is exaggerated to the point of absurdity.
Witness of the bad guy fiercely crushing the teeth during the final trial or the constant pseudo-saint of our four protagonists.
The hurricane is your basic audience film, except that it is an audience film without heads.
It is a stripped formula of naked necessities.
You have your black man wrongly accused.
You have your melodramatic final hearing scene.
But there is nothing else.
You expect a kind of investigation.
But this is not necessary because we are implicitly informed of his innocence.
Thus, the entire central part of the film is reduced to the protagonist Courowing.
convent for itself.
brooding to other prisoners.
Converting to Lesra.
Curanting to the Canadian friends of Lesra.
brood in letters.
I don't think I will look at the same way again.
It did not take long before I was tired of hearing the extremely deep meditations of the hurricane on his condition.
I wanted something to happen.
As for the performance of Washington in the title role - I thought that I should remedy it sooner or later given the quantity of attention it received - it is of first order, although boring.
H OW is it possible?
Well, he does what Jewison wanted him to do perfectly.
Unfortunately, what Jewison asked him to do was a shit.
What a waste of a great interpreter.
Speaking of waste, why did he devil John Hannah agree to do this?
He is an extremely talented actor and I love him very much, but what does he do here?
To call his character (with Schreiber and Unger), a jump would be a coarse euphemism.
All three present themselves as a real mother Theresas, both benevolent as the benefactors come.
If they play a major role in this film, why not make real people, with real feelings and emotions?
Look: if you are going to make a formula film, don't worry the formula.
The dramas in the courtroom can be fun, but it's ridiculous.
Not only is it banal, it's boring.