My friend here at the film school has just made a two -minute film for one of its classes which includes an anal rape scene staged, made by two guys and shot in the shade of the incident,With a banana used as an instrument of penetration.
As sick as it is, all the gaze is one of the most hysterical moments that I have never witnessed.
Of course, it may be bad taste, but what is the bad taste that something that can be offensive for some, but is it fun for the rest?
Then there is "Caligula".
This film presents incest, necrophilia, the beast, anal rape, homosexual felatio of both sexes, elaborate and long orgies, a fist greased at the back of a man, a wine paid on a man whohad its tied urinary tract, a hopppedoff penis and nourished with hungry dogs, etc., etc., etc. could very well be a respectable film, and if it could have been if what followed was not happened: a) The events were shot graphically in clear view; b) The tone was not that of trying to shock comic operating times.
Produced and funded by none other than Bob Guccione, owner of Penthouse magazine, "Caligula" appears as the most hysterical dramatic image since "Plan 9 of space" because below, there is a feeling that all thatFilm made is not only exact and is not only exact and is not only exact and is not precise and is not exact and is not only exact andjustified, but also brilliantly entertaining.
After all, it is not really the fact that this film presents the aforementioned disgusting moments, but that it actually believes in them as dramatic weapons.
No film should be thrown because its content, because the film never concerns what it is, this is the way it is (as the old photo says).
Those who denigrate this film for the content take a look at the most important and most obvious problem with "Caligula", and it is only over-dramatized bullshit from start to finish, without a second ofcredibility in its gigantic operating time.
 "Caligula" would tell the real story of Empering Romain Maleficent of the same name, a man who was so incredibly decadent that his assasin was a blessing ... or
So I guess, even if almost all Roman employees have also been murdered and for about the same reasons.
The film opens on the wrong note, of course, with a quote from Mark appearing before an image gauges the screen, using the passage too used "What will this benefit a man S 'He had to win the whole world and his own soul, "Determine the fact that the opening scene of the film is the Emperre before it was a take away, fucks with its own sister in a field (I suppose that ifWe have to lose their soul, you have to have a soul in the firstlieu).
The intrigue is so incomprehensible that all that I or anyone can do is that Caligula (played disastrously by the great Malcom McDowell, a performance that makes the opposite that its performance in "A Clockwork Orange" has done) is) isNext to the Throne online but cannot wait until the current imprisonment, Tiberius (Peter O 'Tole - Idem, only for his performance in "Lawrence of Arabia"), his grandfather, to die ... he kills himSo and goes on the throne.
Then he abuses his position, marries a woman (Helen Mirren, who retains his dignity as an actor by not acting exactly) so that he has not only to sleep with his sister (a terrible Teresa Ann Savoy, there is pretty, nude and ready to jump in the bag with Mac or to anyone with whom he asks him to jump), abuses his position a little more, a little more, and a little more, and then, I think, invades England, then is killed.
The filling, instead of telling his life, is supposed to be, as Guccione claims, the ultimate portrait of the decadent pagan Rome, with orgies, vicious, and Lots of nudity.
But instead of being the precise historical film that he really wants to be, he rather becomes the twisted masturbatory image of Guccione of what it could be.
Oh, isn't it great that they liked having sex?
And that they killed such disgusting people?
And wouldn't it be great if I could win a few dollars by selling this shit as a precision even if it was so obviously bad porn that I completely convinced myself that this is not the case.
I mean, why not just show a Roman orgy when I can spend a good ten minutes to examine each facet that puts it away.
And it is not only that it is disgusting or vile or whatever the adjective you want to use to describe this film - is that in a film where all the feeling that is not felt, it is also the most botched film of all time.
The sets are sumptuous, but so blatant that I wonder if no historian wanting to have his name on this film explains it.
But that does not matter because the cinematography is so dark that you are wondering if a clear counter has been used, which makes it not only dark and ugly, but simply dark.
The camera operation is also the worst that I have ever seen with all my life.
Not only does this film hold the record for the most useless zooms on one stroke of ever, but often the camera will lose its subjects and will jump until they find them, then put them out of focus.
The publishing is so sloppy that some scenes are absolutely impossible to follow.
There is no writer to say (what does that mean that he is "adapted from an original scenario of Gore Vidal?"), But nevertheless, the dialogue is shit, if despitethat I cannot in good faith to believe Quequiconque has an IQ of more than 5 so.")
The music of this film is mainly Prokofiev and Khahatturian (they use his magnificent "Adagio of Spartacus and Phrygia", ad nauseum), used to try to give a little emotion to the film, but rather has the impression that he hasbeen shipped elsewhere.
The Orgy Scenes (And one Infamous Lesbo Scene Between Pents Lori Wagner and Aneeka Dilorenzo) Are the Result of Reshoots by Guccione Himself, which Are So Obviously Removed from Everthing Else in this film that It Only Adds to the Embrassment (Every Five, the film cuts random nudity, as if it were afraid that its audience forgets that this film is classified "x").
John Gielgud represents the only voice of mental health, walking in his brief role as if he were constantly the mantra, "I'm going to kill my agent, I'm going to kill my agent ..."
And so on, and so on, for more than 2 and a half hours, make "Caligula" about as exciting and enriching as a conference course of three hours and twice more boring.
Guccione, in its pursuit of historical precision, has rather made a film which is such a painful and difficult task to look in its entirety that I doubt that anyone can spend an hour without irreversible psychological damage.
Throughout the film, the presence of Guccione is easily felt, as if he was standing there at the edge of the screen, looking pretentious to tell us "look at what I can get away with it!
And if you don't like it, then you are a prig, and worse than that, you know nothing about history! "
Uh huh.
There is a clear difference between historical precision and doing something good artistically.
A film that showed Roman decadence as something that was perhaps liberating for some but which could not last - it would probably make a good film.
But the use of historical accuracy as a license to run away with any type of acts disgusting for the disintegration is total, total of bullshit, and all that I can say is that Guccione and the manufacturers of this film have lost all kinds of contact with entertainment or eroticism, and have developed a pathetic and sadistic taste for both, judging by this film.
There is a film which was released in 1989 entitled "The Cook, The Thief, his wife and his lover", a magnificent film by the legendary director Peter Greenaway (with Helen Mirren), which deals with graphic sex, violence andgore gore, and even a little cannibalism to make a good measure.
This film has not only known its viewers, but also managed them in a shocking way, yes, but also, in a bizarre, entertaining and totally involved way.
There were real characters there in a real situation, and the best of all passion and just the right amount of restraint than not getting out of it that it will be offensive for many.
This film made everything he wanted to do, and has since kept one of these cult films which is not only popular but good.
And that's all that "Caligula" could have been but, alas, was not.