Star wars :? Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999)
Director: George Lucas Cast: Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, Ian McDiarmid, Samuel L.jackson, Oliver Ford Davies, Terence Stamp, Pernilla August, Frank Oz, Ahmed Best, Kenny Baker, Anthony Daniels Scenario: GeorgeLucas Producers: Rick McCallum Runtime: 131 min.
American distribution: 20th Century Fox classified PG: light violence, thematic elements
Copyright 1999 Nathaniel R.acèse
Another criticism once said that a criticism should not speak of itself in its own criticism.
I have tried to obey this rule in recent months, but that would be impossible in this case.
The fact is that almost everyone who will see the ghost threat bring luggage with them.
The original Star Wars trilogy means so much for so many people.
For me, they calm my creativity as a child; these are masterful and original works of art that mix moving stories with what was amazing special effects at the time (and they are still very good).
I am too young for having seen Star Wars in the theater when it was original, but it makes me no less dedicated.
On the contrary, the Star Wars trilogy - and the Empire returns in particular - are three elements on a very short list of Why I Love Films.
When I learned that George Lucas would do the first trilogy in the series to nine films, I was released.
When I saw screenshots for the first time in the film over a year ago, I embarked on a year -round anticipation drool.
And when the first spots were published the latest Thanksgiving, I was ready to see the film.
But there was media threshing, the crazy marketing campaign and the secret snobbery of Lucasfilm in the photo.
In the past few weeks before the opening of the photo, while multitudes of fans were waiting outside the theaters and stood in the sun bouilloning a few days in advance just to be the first in the theater, I was tiredto hear about it.
I was tired of seeing cardboard cuts from the characters every time I went to KFC or Taco Bell.
I just wanted to see the film.
Reader, don't get me wrong.
I did not have an anti-hype reaction.
The threshing media was inevitable.
I understand and accept media threshing - that's just what happens when the prequel of the most loved films of all time will be released.
Five minutes after the ghost threat, I knew there was a problem.
 "Who are these Jedi knights?"
I asked .
 "Why do they produce expired dialogue with a machine-gun speed?"
 "Why are these characters not developed before their adventures?"
 "Why are there special effects shot in almost all the frames of the whole film?"
These are just some of my questions from the start.
Later, I asked: "Where is the magic of the first three films?"
And "Why do I watch my watch every fifteen minutes?"
At the end of the film, I was tired, crazy and depressed.
George Lucas channeled his own wonderful films in an unnecessary and insane summer blockbuster.
The Phantom threatens is not a Star Wars film.
Remove the title and the Jedi speech and the strength, and you find yourself with what is easily one of the most empty special effects films of all time.
It's an embarrassment.
I desperately looked for a scene in which a character is explored, or a new theme is examined, or a special effect is not used.
There are a few, but they are all attempts at token.
The fact is that George Lucas has created what is simultaneously a bad abyière excuse for a film and a fairly good showcase for digital effects.
This is not what I wanted to see.
I didn't want to leave the ghost threat with a headache and a bitter taste in my mouth, but I did it.
History is mainly concentrated around Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson, looking lost and confused) and his apprentice, Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor, who barely has a line in the film) and their attempts to l forL Iberate people on the planet Naboo.
Naboo is the victim of a bureaucratic war with the Federation of Commerce; their contact on Naboo is Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman), the teenage sovereign who really cares about her people.
After picking up Jar Jar Binks (a character entirely CGI, expressed by Ahmed Best), they head towards Tatooine, where they meet the young Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd) and his mother (Pernilla August).
Qui-Gon knows that the strength is strong with the young Anakin, and therefore the Jedi Knights take the boy with them during their travels.
The bad guys are Dark Maul and Dark Sidious, none of whom have enough lines to register as characters.
There is nothing particularly bad in this story when you look at it in the form of synopsis.
The way Lucas manipulated her, however, she is unsatisfactory.
First of all, we don't learn a single thing about Qui-Gon Jinn.
Not one thing.
How was his life before this film?
Well, I imagine he didn't.
This is why he feels like a plot device.
This probably explains why Neeson looks so desperate in the role, and why he recently retired from the film (I do not blame him honestly).
Obi-Wan, a character that I really expected to learn more, is even less interesting.
McGregor has only a few lines, so anyone hoping to see the young actor engaging in great performance is invited to look elsewhere.
Since these two men are at the center of the ghost threat, Lucas served us a great emotional void as a centerpiece of his film.
Things start to resume when our characters reach Tatooine; young Anakin is perhaps the only really fleshed up to the film, and Lloyd does a thoughtful job with the role.
I was also extremely impressed by the scene of the Sand Speeder; rarely is a sequence of action so fast and so exciting.
And when Anakin said goodbye to his mother, I found him in motion.
Portman is also quite good, and she manages to give a little depth to a character where no depth has been written.
Jar Jar Binks is one of the most boring characters I have ever endured, but it is more interesting than most humans.
As soon as the relatively deck segment on Tatooine is finished, it returns to the special effects and the action scenes without depth.
I have seen many films that qualify like "special effects of special effects", but the ghost threat is the first I saw that had a special effects for fifteen minutes in the film.
The reason is obvious: George Lucas has no restraint.
I cannot say that I did not find the original effects, because I did it-the final battle between Dark Maul, Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon is visually exceptional, just like most of the film.
But I also found the deceased and tedious effects.
My break point was towards the end of the image, because Anakin is questioned by Yoda and the other Jedi masters; in the background, we see hundreds of digital spaceships flying in a digital sky, and I wanted it to disappear.
Can't we have a stinking scene that does not have to seem to seem with a special effect?
I was so sick of looking at the CGI characters and the spaceships and the planets and the history that I really wanted to go out and watch a physical landscape for a few hours.
And then there is the question of magic.
What was lost during the sixteen between the ghost threat and the return of the Jedi?
I have the feeling that Lucas was so focused on the appearance of his film that he had completely forgotten what he should feel.
John Williams' familiar partition is not aid or the management of Lucas.
I think it comes back to the characters: there are none here.
I sucked in the magnetic presence of Han, Luke and Leia, but I did nothing.
And what about ridiculous expectations?
Mine was not so high; I just wanted a film that showed me the roots of the films that I grew up, a story that had some characters and some Gree to special effects.
Instead, I had two and fifteen minutes of lifeless and imaginative computer.
I do not hate the ghost threat as I feel it: I would like to forget that it exists, and yet I cannot.
This is to stay.
I can only hope that episodes II and III have something substance in them, because if they do not do so, then Lucas will have succeeded in the impossible task to destroy his own indestructible series.