"Holy Man" has a soft, soft and comical performance of an unusually moderate Eddie Murphy and some moderately funny sketches.
Unfortunately, to access good things, you must sit down through a painfully long configuration, lots of tedious fillings, endless photos of stuttering and contraction of Jeff Goldblum, a superfluous romantic sub -intry and probably the most boring performanceof Robert Loggia's career.
If a film has ever shouted "wait for the video so that you can quickly advance all dull and boring games", that's all.
Eddie Murphy plays G, a nomadic pilgrim in a wandering dress on earth while enjoying the moment and spreading her spiritual message.
A fortuitous meeting with Ricky Hayman (Goldblum), a stressed framework of a home channel, and Kate Newell (Kelly Preston), a media analyst without frills, leads to physical injuries to G.plus that you cannot say "The Odd Couple ", G ends up making rooms with an extremely suspicious ricky.
After script gymnastics, G appears live on the Good Buy sales network, wreaking havoc on the demonstrations of cheese products, the owner of the rewarding network MR.MCBAINBRIDGE (Loggia), and becoming a national media feel.
 "Holy Man" tries to be several things at the same time.
He tries to satiate home shopping networks, but it is difficult to make fun of something that is already a self-parody.
The film tries to teach us that the collection of material goods is only a futile attempt to fill the spiritual holes in our hearts, but it is already a public notoriety.
 "Holy Man" also tries to present a story of redemption, while Ricky Hayman tries to decide to exploit G's good will to obtain financial security or do the right thing to the detriment of his career.
Does anyone want to bet on their final decision?
The only real asset of "Holy Man" is Eddie Murphy, who gives a charming performance, sharing love, goodwill and relevant advice for all those around him, while radiating her a million dollars smileat the right times.
Murphy is delicious and the film takes off each time it is on the screen.
Unfortunately, it is not enough on the screen.
Jeff Goldblum obtains the share of the screen of the screen time and its tired scenario increases the procedure.
As her potential love, Kelly Preston tries to enlighten things, but she transforms an all-business media shark to an empathetic softy far too quickly and the brutal change consists of implementation.
The other main actor, Robert Loggia, wastes his talents in a tower in a note as a ruthless screaming monster.
Structurally unrelated and far too long, "Saint-Homme" is attractive when Murphy is on the screen and dull when it is not.
Instead of dropping your money to the theater for this trifle, wait for it to reach the video and quickly pass everything except the scenes of Murphy.
G suggests that we focus on the moment of the moment and it is the best way to do it.