Anna and The King are at least the fourth cinematographic adaptation of the novel based on the facts of Margaret Landon, The King and I, and it's great, expensive and soulless.
Although beautiful, its sumptuous sets, its fantasy costumes and its succulent cinematography cannot do much to compensate for the emotional wasteland that is the script of Peter Krikes and Steve Meerson.
So much money was spent for pretty photos that they forgot to make the film interesting.
This is Jodie Foster's first film since the breathtaking shiny contact was released over two years ago and this is not the best choice to show his actor chops.
She is trapped in the stoic role of Anna Leonowens, the tense and widowed British school teacher who comes to Siam (now Thailand) with her son to ask the king (Chow Yun-Fat) in the ways of theWestern (because "the ways of the Angleterre tracks are the ways of the world).
The king loves him so much that he puts her in charge of the education of the whole royal family (58 children with 10 others on the way; impressive, right?).
The eldest prince is not too happy with that ("Father, did I offended in one way or another?
Why do you punish me with an imperialist teacher?), But he soon gets to know Anna and his personality as a stern-mother-who loved personality and has just loved him.
Meanwhile, Siam is attacked by the British colony near Burma.
The king and his relatives suspect that it is the fact of Great Britain which arouses suspicion in Siam, putting Anna in an uncomfortable position.
She does not know what to do with that and she seems to suspect the British involvement in the crisis but works to disseminate the prejudices of the king.
He, although still so, cannot help being influenced by the eloquent Anna and they are slowly developing, quietly, for each other.
There is a scene in the midst of Anna and the king where one of the king's young girls died.
It is your classic death bed scene, with the sad eyes of the girl who look at her father, who only tries semi-awater to maintain her composure.
Anna then enters and cries a little.
The sequence was there for a purpose: to evoke a strong emotional response from the spectator.
I am generally a suction cup for such scenes and yet this time, I was just sitting there, my intact emotions.
This remains true through the whole film that remains emotionally sterile.
We never develop links with the characters; never given a reason to care about it.
This long, long epic was produced by Andy Tennant, whose last film was afterwards, one of my favorites from 1998.
I have no doubt about the ability of tennant to set up a decent film, but Anna and the king, in addition to being psychologically inept are also technologically deficient.
The sets and landscapes are magnificent, but the camera work does nothing to transmit its greatness.
Even Terrence Malick managed to do more with flora and fauna in its slim red line differently appalling that Tennant can come together from $ 75 million in accessories and a film in Malaysia.
We have the impression that the camera is limited to its immediate point of view; there are no large monitoring plans or scanning zooms to fill us with a larger than life.
I liked Foster and Yun-Fat, who offer entertainment, if not terribly, involving performance in the two main roles.
The generally stoic personality of Foster serves it well here, because it plays a reserved, formal and rather underdeveloped character.
Yun-Fat is particularly effective, perfectly transmitting the King of Siam's blood permeated by violent explosions.
What is Anna and the King, it is his inability to involve the spectator in his characters and his situations.
The cast is great, the director is talented and the budget is sumptuous, but this poorly won remake of the classic film Rogers and Hammerstein is not able to use any of these things to form a convincing whole.
This is an epic of costume without emotion.