Watch! The new version of "Psycho" is out and the world has not ended!
I guess Gus Van Sant is really not the spokesperson for the Apocalypse!
Unfortunately, however, that "psycho" has not ended the world because we know it, it is the best thing that can be said.
Van Sant's controversial "Remo" of the classic film by Alfred Hitchcock from 1960 polarized moviegoers everywhere (even before his first.)
Without the benefit of real visualization, many said that the film is zero.
Being a (almost) good criticism, I waited for I saw him to decide that the film, at best, was zero (and that concludes the use of the word "suck" and, hopethat I am a dead brain of the brainrang-kit.
Director Gus Van Sant took Hitchcock's original film and filled it, shot-for-shot, using the same exact script (with some minor modifications.)
The inherent challenge was to make the film suspended and frightening, even if a large group of audiences will be able to exactly what will happen at the exact time.
The suspense could probably have been reached if the actors could have created something new or different from the original.
Unfortunately, this did not happen.
It is difficult to be overshadowed by Vera Miles and John Gavin (from the original "Psycho), but that's exactly what happened to Julianne Moore and Viggo Mortensen.
In the case of Moore, the film would have been helped if "X files" Gillian Anderson had been launched instead; especially since Moore passes through the whole film by making a scully impression!
Cold behavior and expressions in its rigid way of forming a sentence, Moore is scully!
Mortensen (which I liked in "G. I.
Jane ") chooses to play Sam Loomis as a cowboy / hick, which would have been well if he had exceeded this starting point.
Sam has a Twang and a cowboy hat, but that's about it.
Mortensen transforms one of the most tense performance of recent memory.
Anne Héche, in the role of Janet Leigh, does some good things in her short time on the screen.
At least her skull Marion has a little life in her, which cannot be said for most of the rest of the distribution.
The best work, however, comes from Vince Vaughn, as a denied mom's boy, Norman Bates.
He will not make anyone Anthony Perkins forget, but he is effective both to be mean and kind.
The best part of the film is the scene of the Dinner Héche and Vaughn, where they simply speak.
There is a solid game there, something that does not happen in the rest of the film.
Van Sant made a boring film.
All the camera tips that Hitchcock if eloquently used in 1960 are not as catchy now.
What happened to shine then was copied so many times by so many directors that they do not impress or excite.
Van Sant, in what I suppose, it is an understanding of originality, decided to put images of flow of consciousness in some famous scenes (was it a lamb in the middle of the road?)
These images, included with dubious mounting choices, removed the scenes themselves and caused perplexity to the beginning and, later, laughter.
Certainly not Hitchcock's intention!
At least, Danny Elfman had the common sense not to play with the original and formidable original partition of Bernard Herrmann.
If a film like "Psycho" is not scary, then what is it for.
Aside from Norman, the characters are barely attracted people who leave no connection with the public.
There are things that Van Sant and Company could have done to at least make their leisure activities.
In the end, however, the new "psycho" is a noble attempt, but, alas, a lamentable failure.