One of my favorite songs from the Stranglers includes the lyrics, "you better pay attention to the deep skin."
I would like to extend the same warning: watch out for the deep skin, but everything you do does not look at the skin deep.
Skin Deep is a tedious and unequal comedy written and produced by Blake Edwards.
John Ritter embodies Zach, a dried writer and an insatiable petticoat with an alcohol consumption problem.
I have never seen the comedy of Edwards the man who loved women, but I have to wonder if the deep skin is a remake.
You see, to put it slightly, Zach sets with almost every woman he meets.
While the film opens, Zach's wife, Alex, catches it not only with his mistress but also the hairdresser of his mistress.
Like any sensible woman, Alex expelled Zach from the house and the divorce.
In response, Zach leaves in a spiritual journey of alcohol consumption, feminizing, psychotherapy and self -discovery.
If you are excited by the idea of looking at Ritter to drink, to be arrested, to make love, to drink, to crash your Mercedes, to do more sex, to drink, to stop again,Drinking and singing horribly on the piano, so the deep skin should be your alley.
Skin Deep makes the fatal error to inflict incredible and antipathic characters.
Zach is a wealthy, the 80s L. A character of the character Jack Tripper of Ritter of "Three's Company".
Like Jack, Zach is clumsy and inept; this is the type of guy whose bad goal accidentally spurts the dehydrating of breathing in his eyes.
Zach is supposed to be charming and charismatic, but I have not seen a single virtue of redeemer in him.
Therefore, I have never felt the least of sympathy or pity for the philandant alcoholic during his moments of crisis.
In fact, when Zach crushes his ex-wife's marriage to a desperate attempt to prevent him from remarking, I am in fact rooted so that she passes with the ceremony.
To add the insult to the injury, Edwards gives to his large support that stereotypes with which to work with.
For example, Vincent Gardenia's talents are wasted in his role as a paternal bartender.
Of all the women in the film - and there are many - Alyson Reed, alone, stands out like Zach's wife; Reed brings intelligence and sensitivity to the role.
Because we do not care about the slightest piece of anyone in depth, the few attempts at drama in the film in the film of the film inevitably fail.
Comedy in Skin Deep is not much better.
Most jokes are stupid, predictable and sitcomish.
About every ten minutes, however, Edwards manages to offer a good line or a new gag of view, the most effective of which implies a pair of "duels" condoms.
Overall, the laughter in the deep skin are too rare and the characters are simply too shallow for the film to remain afloat.
My last criticism of the film lies in its glamorous representation of alcohol and alcoholism.
The excessive consumption of Zach clearly ruins his life, but nevertheless it seems to give him more pleasure than pain.
Zach drinking bounges never have really serious or durable consequences.
If he crushes his Mercedes, he gets a new one.
If he is arrested, his lawyer blows him up in prison.
If his wife leaves him, she will eventually decide to give him a second chance if he cleanses his act.
The tone in the skin is entirely false; Edwards deals with a very serious problem far too slightly, making a joke from a problem that does not like it.
Perhaps Edwards should have studied Dudley Moore in Arthur or, better still, Michael Keaton in its own and sober before making the skin deep.