There should be a requirement that a potential spectator will be under a certain film Qi to see "Mission to Mars".
There are probably a lot of people who will enjoy it, and most of them will probably have seen very few films like.
But there are those who will not, and those who will most likely have people who have already seen one or more of the following films: "2001: A Space Odyssey," "Armageddon", "Apollo 13", "The Abyss"" "Meetings close to the third type," "E.
The alien, "" alien "and" aliens. "
Why ?
Because there is not an original idea in "Mission to Mars".
All this comes from other films (and in most cases, better films).
If that's the kind of thing that doesn't bother you, you might like the film.
Of course, there are other reasons not to like "Mission to Mars", the principal being a script written by people who seem to assume that their audience is filled with people who have not used their brain for sometime, and who does not give the intention to start during the film's duration.
 "Mission to Mars" manages to be both stupid and boring at the same time.
The intrigue, a considerably lullaby of "2001", concerns a team sent to Mars, the first trip used to the red planet.
Luke Graham (Don Cheadle) heads the team, jointly trained by Americans and Russians.
The team meets a mysterious monolith which emits a strange impulse (it is nothing like the monolith emitted pulse in "2001" - this one was on the * moon *), but when they try to study it, a giant sand tornado comes from the top and swallows them (all except Luke, which survives long enough to return a messy message to the rotary space station, which strangely resembles the rotary space station in "2001").
A rescue mission is planned with the team of husband and wife Woody Blake (Tim Robbins) and Terre Fisher (Connie Nielsen), a compulsory pilot with a troubled past Jim McConnell (Gary Sinise), and an additional crew member PhilOhlmyer (Jerry O'Connell) for the journey.
After a zero-gravity dance, they encounter problems when one of their engines is blown, forcing them to try a desperate landing aboard a supply ship.
Now blocked on Mars with a minimum of supplies, the team must decide if they can risk entering the monolith or if it has to go home.
After all, this monolith may well contain information on the creation of life on earth.
 "Mission to Mars" is one of those films that makes a critic wonder where to start when you talk about everything that is wrong, so let's start with one of the things that works: the director Brian de Palma reachesto create some strange tense in some scenes in the middle of the film.
that's it .
Everything else fails.
Failure is not Palma's fault; he works from an atrocious script.
It is only during the sequence aboard the ship (which is very similar to the Jupiter ship in "2001") where the air of the rescue team begins to run out and they must search for the hole and repair it frantically."Mission to Mars" come to life.
A scene where they try to save a comrade which walks away in space also provides a certain tension, until you realize that the whole danger / more danger / attempted life sequence has absolutelyNothing to do with the rest of the film; it's just an artificial way to generate exciting scenes.
Take it out and the plot is in no way affected.
The sequence also suffers from a few intrigue holes (just like the rest of the film): why the ship's computer (which strangely resembles Hal de, uh, "2001") capable of detecting a hole in the master room but notUndans the engine?
Why did the character of Tim Robbins had to get out of the ship when the solution easily presented itself from the inside?
Shouldn't astronauts be better trained to cope with a hull breach?
Why are the characters such idiots?
because The script makes little attempt to develop them properly.
All "conflicts" are awkwardly delivered in an excruciatingly obvious exhibition in the opening scene (which tears Orson Welles and Robert Altman using a long opening photo) during which the characters say to each other several timesthat all should already know: "Jim, it's a shame that you cannot go on a mission because you were determined" psychologically inadequate "because your wife died just before leaving on a mission together" - IsAnyone really speak like that?
Can we not discover these things in a less creaky question, as perhaps in a flashback?
The whole film is like that.
The filmmakers are not content to show us something and suppose that we know what is happening; they must * tell us * exactly what we look at * with each *.
Example of a film dialogue: (Photo de Mars) Astronaut A: "Look, Mars ago" Astronaut B: "Are you sure it's Mars?"
Astronaut A: "Yeah, it's Mars."
Astronaut C: "Hey, are you looking at Mars?"
This exchange is not really in "Mission to Mars", but I would not be surprised if it was.
Despite all their cradles of Kubrick, Spielberg, James Cameron and even Ron Howard, the manufacturers of this film did not learn to do something that all these directors did very well: Show and don Tell.
De Palma used to know how, but seems to have forgotten.
It is a mentally offbeat cinema; they assume that the public will not get what is going on, so they explain all five times.
Fourth year students can appreciate this, but more learned viewers will have their insulted intelligence.
The main actors doze their way through "Mission to Mars", without ever deleting an apparent attitude "I am right there to obtain a pay check".
Headle stumbles on its clumsy lines.
Armin Mueller-Stahl manages to kiss completely in an unchanged cameo.
Robbins puts his game face and phones in his standard "Guy" performance.
And sinuses jamb with "melancholic" facial expressions while looking at the cassettes of his dead wife (played by Kim Delaney, who has only one scene during which she always manages to present a ridiculous dialogue in a monologueheavy on the meaning of life), and especially during the conclusion of the conclusion, which combines infinite and obvious viewers who had appreciated the show until then.
And of course, these Mars extraterrestrials which facilitated the evolution of life on earth are entirely different from extraterrestrials in "2001" which facilitated the evolution of life on earth; these extraterrestrials came from an unknown world *.
You could say that fans of brain -free action movies could take advantage of "Mission to Mars", but such a comment ignores the fact that the film is also incredibly slow.
The quiet rhythm might have helped a film with a little more substance, but all the substance of "Mission to Mars" was stolen from other films, and these other films treated their ideas in a much more thoughtful way andGenerally contained more engaging characters.
Supposedly, we are intended to suffocate when a character decides not to go home at the end of it (totally different from the end to a single character and not to return "Armageddon"), but I suspectWhether most people will laugh or moan.
I alternated between the two.
There is only one good thing in the way "Mission to Mars" finally ends: the fact that the film is finished.