When I originally saw the trailer to "analyze this" a few months ago, I had to admit it, I thought it was a bit lame.
And then, when the advertisements began to appear a week or two ago, I thought it looked purely bad.
But when "analyzing this" finally opened a few days ago, a strange thing happened.
He obtained excellent criticism.
Critics proclaimed him "hilarious" and a "dead parody of crowd films".
Well, with praise like that, I told myself that it had to be good and therefore I headed for the theater.
Do you know this expression that always says to trust your intestinal instincts?
Well, it turns out that the expression is more valid than I have never given him credit.
 "Analyze this" is slow, funny and seriously played.
Don't get me wrong, I think Deniro is one of the ten best actors of the century, but he just got out of his league here.
I think the problem is that he didn't really know how to approach this material.
He plays his character, the boss of the gang Paull Vitti, somewhere between the kingdom of comedy and drama.
If he had played the right character, in the sense of Leslie Nielson in the series "Naked Gun", he would probably have known much more success.
As it stands, however, he plays the completely serious character at certain times, and to laugh at others.
It does not work.
He creates an uneven character who never leaves the Deniro mold; you always know that it is him.
And the film is also serious.
He never takes off.
It crawls from one scene to another without momentum before.
I think the blame for this should be placed on the script.
It is obvious that the writer had a good idea for a film, Mob Boss faces the rupture and needs the services of a psychiatrist, but once it is established, the film is not really going anywhere.
The film's formula seems to be as follows: Billy Crystal says no to Deniro, Deniro the strength and many follies follow.
This kind of formula is repeated several times throughout the film.
I have already said it and I repeat: the only thing that matters to me in a comedy is whether it's funny or not.
If "analyze this" had been funny, the pace and the bad game would not have disturbed me.
I would have been too busy laughing to notice it.
But as it stands, I only wowed myself a few times.
The only really funny scene is a dead parody of "The Godfather".
Unfortunately, however, I do not think that anyone in the public with whom I saw, I realized that it was a parody, because I was the only one laughing.
But my sense of humor, I achieved, is very different from the general population.
I hated "there is something in Mary", but I loved "Baseketball".
Now, if you want a film that * I think it's funny, go out and see "the office space".
It is full of authentic laughs and will not allow you to take a look at your watch every 10 minutes, as did "that".