"Spawn" can be a bit of an older film.
In fact, it will probably be on video before anyone who has not finally seen it see it (that is to say if they see it).
But I managed to catch it before I get out of theaters and in the world of rentals and, God does not please, to purchases of video cassettes.
It was by no means the worst film of the year.
It is not even on the top 5 of the worst films of the year.
But he succeeded in exceeding the last five of the lower ten, which, in simpler terms, means that he arrives at number 6 on my "worse 1997" list.
The only reason it does not come in low is thanks to the special effects, which could have been among the best of the year.
The performance, however, was either in wood or, for the most part, mercilessly Campy.
In fact, this film shows no tests to avoid camping!
Even the edition seemed to boast of a campy quality.
I do not know how to explain this one; it was not exactly agitated, but something on this subject seemed.
 .
 .
Well, boring non -professional.
John Leguizamo makes him almost as a clown, but not quite.
He is the only character who gives the public all laughs who can honestly be called intentional.
But the main problem I found with "Spawn", as with most of the films that are found on my "worst-of" lists is that it was simply boring.
I wouldn’t even say there was a highlight in the film.
Of course, he had the big battle scene at the end, but the only excitement considered that the film could approach a conclusion.
Never too early, the film ended in a very simple and disappointing way.
Even if it is one of the shortest films that I have seen this year, it is the one I certainly would not want to submit again.
As I said, special effects are the only reason this film should have a sense of pride, so small.
I was impressed by the opening sequence, as long as I did not allow the melodramatic voiceover and the edition of Lobotomize to reach me.
And Batman has nothing on the spectacular visuals that Spawn's outfit created.
But even the effects became tedious during the final scenes, which looked a little like a modern video game.
Who knows if "spawn: the video game" has not been part of the plan from the start?
Keeping in mind that the film was based on a comic strip makes it a little more accessible, and in very small quantity, compensates for the cheze of all this.
But none of the saving graces of this film can do something that I would recommend to see, whatever the price of admission.
This film is certainly not for young children, which should not really be a problem to know how only teenagers, if someone would probably find it attractive.
If you really want to take a film, there are many better, whatever your tastes!
trust me !
 "Spawn" has very little to offer the most passionate moviegoers!