Dr Dolittle (20th Century Fox) Time: 1 hour 25 minutes with Eddie Murphy directed by Betty Thomas who rides the success of Professor de Noisette (1996), Murphy returns to this abyssal comedy.
He embodies Doctor John Dolittle, who as a child had the ability to understand animals.
However, after being "exorcised", he loses this capacity, and we are quickly advancing to see Dolittle in a shabby work surrounding shabby people (especially Dr. Mark Weller, played by Oliver Platt.)
However, with a bonk on the head, his ability to understand the feedback from animals, and the "comedy" is ready and is waiting to perform.
Except that the comedy never occurs.
Doctor Dolittle, even with the excellent premise, rarely laughs.
Poor old Murphy looks bored throughout the film, and his performance suffers.
The maniac wall that we saw in the 80s left, its more mature (and more boring) twin seems to get all the work in the 90s.
The voices of animals, including Albert Brooks, Chris Rock (the "new" Eddie Murphy) and Norm McDonald like "Lucky", the dog is slightly better, and at least they put enthusiasm in the film.
Unfortunately, most of their lines are quite stupid.
And they are not "funny" stupid, like Dumb & Dumber (1994), but just boring stupid.
The film even succumbs to joke jokes, in a desperate attempt to laugh.
There are some good jokes in the script, but they are rare.
If I had to choose a favorite performance, it would probably be Albert Brooks Tiger, who has a certain charm about him.
Unfortunately, he is barely in the film, and the really boring rock hamster has far too much screen time.
Regarding the joke, fortunately we are spared, the type of mocking and insulting jokes which appeared strongly in the hazelnut teacher.
The director, Betty Thomas, made better films.
She bought American private parts (1997) and the film Brady Bunch (1995) which were, unfortunately, much better than that.
The scenes lack charm, it just does the job.
The animals themselves are reasonable reasonable, although most of them are obviously puppets.
There is however an impressive tiger and the synchronization of the lips is quite good.
You would have no problem guessing that most close -ups are puppets, however, with their movement in Jilted.
I hoped that Jim Hensons Atelier, who created friends with fur, would have done a better job.
Doctor Dolittle, in the end, is a disappointment for all those involved.
Murphy made much better films (i. E
Trading squares) The director has seen better days, and even creatures are not so good.
The target audience, aged 7 to 13, who are not demanding, will probably love him, however, thanks to his stupid humor.
However, everyone should make Doctor Dolittle miss.