* * The following review contains spoilers * *
 "Please, someone stops Joel Schumacher before vomiting again in a film cartridge and tries to pass him as a film."
- Chuck Dowling, The Jacksonville Film Journal
I wrote the sentence above in my criticism for Batman and Robin from 1997.
Apparently, no one heard my words.
Oh, how I would like you to hear them.
Oh as I want someone to stop it ...
Because he started it again.
The 8 mm intrigue is similar to the 1977 Hardcore film Paul Schrader, a surprisingly decent and captivating story.
In fact, that was all that 8 mm is not.
In the first minutes of 8 mm, we see the private detective Tom Welles (Nicolas Cage) working on a case for a prestigious member of the U.S. Government.
Keep this fact in mind, Cage trusts an important case, which it solves.
He returns home to his wife and new daughter, and even finds the time to ratify his court (keep this in mind too, it is also important).
He is hired by a rich elderly woman to resolve a mystery.
After the death of her husband, she meets a film in her private safe.
It seems that it is SNUFF Film, a kind of urban legend of the pornography industry in which someone is in fact brutally murdered for the camera.
The woman wants Welles to locate the girl in the film, let's hope to refute that it is in fact a tobacco film.
He therefore goes on a trip to the sordid hells of Sleaze to discover the truth about the film.
The main problem with 8 mm is that the whole film is completely useless.
Welles is actually selected for the case by the old woman's lawyer (Anthony Heald, an actor who always plays the same type of character, he is a villain).
When you see it for the first time, your first instinct is that it is behind the whole.
The choice of casting makes the film.
Then, as Welles begins his investigation, we will sometimes see a dark silhouette that next.
The only person it could be is the lawyer (or someone sent by the lawyer) because no one knows that Welles investigates even anything.
Your first instinct was therefore confirmed.
Then, when it is actually revealed that the lawyer is one of all this, he told Welles that he was chosen for the case because he was young and inexperienced (in one of these ridiculous "sinceWe are going to kill you, why not tell you the moments ").
But earlier, when we see that Welles is hired for the case, he said he was hired because he is highly recommended.
eh ?
In addition, when the lawyer turns out to be part of everything, his main objective is to recover the film.
So why did he abandon him in the first place?!
The lawyer had the film all the time, then gave it to the private detective, thinking that he would simply abandon the business and make the film?!
It's totally absurd ...
And is it the seven screenwriter?
Late in the film, there is a confrontation between all the main characters, and after a struggle, one of the character's weapons finds himself under a car.
Cage, which was handcuffed on a bed, quickly tries to go to his weapon, which is on a table.
The character of James Gandolfinni goes for the pistol under the car in what is supposed to be a scene of "suspense".
You see, the pistol is just slightly out of reach on the side of the car which it tries to reach it, and therefore instead of going around the car on the other side (where it can easily reach it),He continues to stretch.
Go to the other side of the car !!
It continues for a few minutes.
Then, after Cage obtained his weapon, Gandolfini decides when it would be better to move on the other side of the car.
Boy, Schumacher really annoys me.
I think that the final straw would be when Cage returns home, devastated by everything he saw in this case, and is no longer able to reach his lawn!
We actually see a pathetically Push the leaves in his courtyard.
Other things that have disturbed me about 8 mm: one would be the music, if you can call it so.
Whenever the score starts, it looks like techno music, then this horrible Indian type music or the Middle East accompanies it.
A horrible decision there Joel there.
Another is cage performance.
At this stage, it is capable of a wide range of performance, good or bad.
For 8 mm, he delivers a very wooden and only shines when he interacts with Joaquin Phoenix (which gives a great performance as a porn store with a gold heart that helps cager with his case).
You are able to better better.
Now as for you Mr.schumacher ...
I start to doubt that you are capable of anything else in addition to urinating on the institution of American cinema.
[R]