Boy poster for co-dependence must be corrected
Patch Adams A film review by Michael Redman Copyright 1999 by Michael Redman
Mediocrity is a smallpox on civilization.
In our company strongly oriented towards the consumer, there is a huge demand to produce "stuff".
What would happen to our economy if we do not feel the need to have more things?
To make us buy more, companies must produce a ton of products.
The volume of the items requires that most of them be of dubious quality.
The film industry is like the others.
For the studios to survive, they must earn money.
The dominant attitude is that more films equal more profit.
Some films obviously only exist to put goods on the screen and to do this, less talented people are used.
There are not enough direct directors and actors to create the number of films required.
For any reason, he has never crossed the spirit of anyone that the real equation is quality films = more profit.
Often, poor films are more painful for the public than horrible.
You can have a good time making fun of bad movies.
I do not suggest that "Patch Adams" was thrown just to rattle the dollars.
I guess someone was sleeping behind the wheel.
He presents an accomplished actor and a potentially captivating story, but it is as dull as possible.
Hunter "Patch" Adams' (Robin Williams) The desire to become a doctor has an unusual genesis.
Verifying in a psychiatric institute after a suicide attempt, he discovers that he can help other patients by clown.
The patch could be a poster for co-dependence.
He explains that he likes to devote himself to others because he does not focus on his own problems.
He decides that he wants to become a doctor, leaves the place and a few years later, enrolled in the Medical College of Virginia.
As a student in medicine, the patch bustles at the school hospital attract the attention of his Dean Walcott, Bob Gunton).
The dean is so opposed to clumsiness that he wants the patch to be expelled from the school although it is one of the best students.
He writes in the academic file of Patch that he shows "excessive happiness".
I entered the film by knowing little about his story and I wondered about his strange mechanical rhythm.
There was also no reason why it took place in the early 1970s.
Then it struck me.
It must be based on a true story.
The film is an adaptation of a book by Hunter Adams which founded the Gesundheit Institute, a free clinic.
Robin Williams is an incredible actor.
Although he is skillful to dramatic roles, his strong point is a free spirits.
This is what makes its failure here so remarkable.
The patch is exactly the character in which he should be the best, but even the scene where he and another mental patient fight against the fierce imaginary squirrels fall flat.
Something holds him back.
Most of the rest of the distribution is two -dimensional.
For a film that the champions consider patients as human beings, it is curious that those here are cardboard characters.
Peter Coyote as a dying cancer man is refreshing because he seems to be a real person.
Unfortunately, he is in the film only for about two minutes.
The public is obviously directed by a ring in his nose from the scene to the scene.
We are not left to our own emotional decisions: we are struck by the head with them.
Shaved head children with cancer, an elderly woman that Patch makes people laugh, a beautiful woman who cannot love because of her abusive history.
When a group of students repairs an old house to use as a clinic in the Andy Hardy "hey, let's put a game!
We can use the barn and my mother can make the curtains! "
Fashion, they laugh and move while painting themselves.
There may as well be flashing giant panels: "Feel well now!"
 "Feel bad now!"
 "Patch" is a good title for the film.
It is a patchwork of each manipulation scene you can think of.
full Students in L of life fight on types of stodic establishments.
There is a touching death.
Then there is another.
The film does not trust us to get it the first time.
The Dean tries to launch patch and later, he tries again.
The worst part is the last piece of audience.
The frightening old men are seated in the judgment of a man who only wants people.
The room is filled with patch supporters.
Williams makes a supposed speech passionate about all of the humanity.
He has as much emotion as his previous declaration "humans are the only animal that kills members of its own species" contains the truth.
Most of the blame must be placed with director Tom Shadyac and screenwriter Steve Odekerk.
Shadyac also made the first film "Ace Ventura".
Odekerk led the second.
Should I say more?
The real Adams must be admired for its dedication to treating patients as well as people rather than diseases.
The film has a number of messages worthy of the state of the modern medical company with HMO and managed care.
The theme of "doctors is not gods" will resonate with a number of people, but it is so badly produced that no one will care.