I currently accept all the future names for the characters of Drew Barrymore.
In the wedding singer_, she was Julia Gulia.
In a little embraced_, she is Josie Grosie.
Future names of DB characters include: Janet Granite, Janey Graudy and for this NC-17 project in preparation, Jo-Jo ...
AW forget that.
I will stick to my day work.
This is a film for adolescents, well, except that the main characters are not adolescents.
Drew Barrymore is editor -in -chief of the Chicago Sun Times who obtains his big break as a journalist, but he is very clear from the start that she does not have tenacity and arrogant extrovert that marks the best of journalists.
The story it covers is not really a story, but a story in the making.
She must return to high school as a student and explain what is really going on.
The irony is that the character of Drew was such a first time for the first time that she is terrified to return.
When she does, she says bad things, wears bad clothes and projects the "I know the answer" in class that popular children (or at least popular children in films) reject.
At least, she became friends with Ringard Aldys (Joan de Leelee Sobieski - Watch for her), who turns out to be more beautiful than those who are "supposed" to be more beautiful than she.
What works: Drew's Geek Old-Self.
After a departure in films that was entirely led, and a nadir of roles that made him play the slutty character, it is a surprise to see her with bad hair, large glasses and hugs.
This is very fun .
What doesn't work: the new me geek from Drew.
Go on .
No one dresses as bad as she is.
Couldn't she just go to _The gap_ and take suggestions?
If she had dressed as Princess Leia, it would have been better.
The comedy is supposed to progress when Drew's younger brother (played with David Arquette's zest) re -recorded to relaunch his baseball career.
Now, how in the world can someone as cheesy (but in a fun way) as the most popular child of the school ...
in one day ?!
The dialogue of the film is, well, an embarrassment.
His colleagues (Molly Shannon, John c. Reilly and Gary Marshall) are in terminal hyper-training.
Her teenagers (except Sobieski) are so inept and stupid that there are few bites of them.
Couldn't filmmakers watch _heathers_ first?
Finally, I am proud to say that I caught an important blunder in the film.
If you see the film, you know what I'm talking about:
Drew walks in a bar, has his hand stamped, and the night joins Rastafurians with delicious cake.
She is unleashed, sleeps late.
When she wakes up, she rushes to school, without showering, without noticing that her head, lying on her hand stamped all night, transferred part of the image of the stamp to her forehead, spelled "losing".
Funny, huh?
 ... Except that the hand would have transferred these rear words of the image.