An idiotic film that tries to be a black comedy but which plays more like a light comedy, its main asset being a beautiful location of film along the mountainous coast of Spain.
Howard Pigeon (Jeff Goldblum) is a 40 -year -old mineral water seller who is married for 13 years to a woman constantly harassing him, Elizabeth (Mimi Rogers).
After a surprise birthday party for him, where his wife disturbs him to have come late to his surprise party, he entrusts his best friend that he can no longer bear it, then tells him his plan to kill her during hisHolidays in Lemme Hotel Barcelona where they spent their honeymoon.
Jeff is going through a serious half-life crisis, fearing that he looks older than his age.
He speaks constantly, mainly scary on his bitter marriage and repressing why he went out with Elizabeth for the second time, then why he married her just because she laughed with his jokes and was attractive.
He beats and acts as a man who has lost his confidence.
Things change during their vacation, while Elizabeth makes an effort to be pleasant while Jeff now becomes the groan.
He nervously repeats his murder plan in the hotel room.
By accident, the pistol dies out and in the pillow where he imagined that Elizabeth would be seated.
When other customers of the hotel and staff come to check the shot, he nervously explains that it was television.
Realizing how impractical his plan is, he places the weapon in the broken pillow and throws him into the ocean while he waits for Elizabeth.
But Elizabeth found her behavior strange throughout the trip, and when after a lot of efforts to get a reserve at the hotel's 5 -star restaurant, he insists on eating in the room, she decides that she had enough of himAnd check without telling him.
As a result, he went to the police to report his disappearance.
While with the police, a telegram comes from his wife by saying that she left him and leaves because she wants to be alone.
His boss and all those with whom he works are friendly towards him, and he obtains a job promotion.
But soon the pillow with the pistol is caught out of the water, giving the police to arrest it and search their house.
There, they find letters that he wrote the incriminating him in the murder.
The police also discover the hotel staff about the shot heard in his room.
In prison, things seem bad to him.
No one believes it, including their friends and lawyers.
His boss dismissals and newspapers have a day on the ground with the history of the title: Pigeon: a Jailbird.
Exit on bail, he realizes that his only hope is to find his wife.
Thanks to a call on his credit card, he finds it in a mountain station.
Once there, he learns that she hiked the steep mountain and he got a priest to be his mountain guide after telling him the real story.
The film is watched just for the buffoonery of the performance of Jeff Goldblum's comic strip.
He is someone who separates through the seams, while Mimi Rogers is his perfect sheet.
It was especially pantomine humor, with the comedy loaded in the changing facial expressions of the characters and the absurdity of the situation.
A very minor farce that could call on the crowd of the sitcom.
The film simply did not take its situation seriously and the story experienced many shortcomings, so it had no chance for black humor to develop.
Instead, he played his configuration of the husband Henpecke acting with strictly his fantasy for an entertainment value to see how many laughs he could draw.