The first species was a moderately invented science fiction thread that diverted the public with clever special effects, some well-rhythmic action sequences and frequent views of Natasha Henstridge clothes without actress that has become models.
However, it was certainly not a film that shouted for a sequel.
And, given the quality of the species 2, it is obvious that MGM should have stopped while they were ahead.
The only thing that distinguishes species 2 is how horrible it is.
If you throw the intrigue, which is characterized by a blatant contempt for intelligence, logic, consistency and consistency, species 2 actually has a few things to recommend it to a selected audience.
Of course, this public is mainly composed of adolescents (which, at least in theory, should not be able to enter a "R" film) and connoisseurs of bad films.
There is enough blood, gore, simulated sex and bare flesh in species 2 to prevent it from becoming boring.
It is an exploitation film of Grade Z ripe for the Mystery Science Theater 3000 treatment.
Somewhere, somewhere, I remember hearing species 2 described as "erotic".
I would like to know who used with this adjective for this film, because it (or it) has a particular notion of eroticism.
Of course, there is a lot of sex and nudity, but it is almost always accompanied by the heartbreaking opening of the abdomen of a woman while an extraterrestrial baby clings free, splashing blood and blood inAll directions.
Anyone activated by whom is not someone I would care to be sitting next to a theater.
I suppose that the main attraction of the species 2 is Natasha Henstridge (and, to eliminate the obvious question - yes, it removes its top, but only once, and only briefly).
Although the character she has played in the kind of origin is dead, government scientists always have DNA and, in relation to what can only be described as a suicidal impulse, they decide to create aAnother clone.
This creature, nicknamed "Eve" by its creator, Dr.Laura Baker (played by Marg Helgenberger, taking up his role), is genetically designed to be more kind and more docile.
Meanwhile, the man finally set foot on Mars.
A team of three people, led by Patrick Ross (Justin Lazard), went to the red planet, but when they come back to earth, they bring something with them.
Ross has become a half-human / half-ally hybrid, and it is soon accompanied by crazy, collecting the soaked children who are the result of each sex session.
Its intention is obviously the domination of the world.
Sign up on his way is this indomitable soldier of the fortune of the first film, Preston Lennox (Michael Madsen), and one of the astronauts of Patrick, Dennis Gamble (Mykelti Williamson).
But when Patrick learns Eve, a woman of her kind, there is no damping her ardor.
I do not know what the budget of species 2 was, but an important part of it had to pay beautiful wages to several recognizable actors (instead of being diverted in special effects).
Michael Madsen and Marg Helgenberger, both back for a second round, are clearly at hand to do as little as they can, grasp the money and run.
Ditto for James Cromwell, who embodies Patrick's father - "underused" is a word too nice to describe his involvement ("invisible" would be more like that).
George Dzundza manages to make a little landscape as an angry but general general.
Meanwhile, Justin Lazard's performance as Patrick is so flat that he makes the limited capacities of Natasha Henstridge well in comparison.
The only one in all production with any energy is Mykelti Williamson, which is thrown into the part of the Wisecracking black flow.
Complete with special cheese effects, naked breasts around each narrative corner and a dialogue capable of producing howls of laughter, the species 2 was thrown into the market without advanced projections for critics.
d Irector Peter Medak, a companion filmmaker with an important list of mediocre films on his curriculum vitae, added another forgettable title, but at least he seems to have had fun doing it, which is more than what can be said toAnyone who tries to take Cesfilm with even a sparkle of seriousness.
Do I recommend the film?
Absolutely not, but I must admit that the species 2 is enough dopey so that it has not tried my patience insofar as some bad pseudo-intellectual films.
Hoping that there is no species 3.