Note: some may consider parts of the following text as spoilers.
be warned.
At the end of the day, those who reflect on the debacle which is the Avengers doing well to note that warning clouds are looming on the horizon for the project long before Warner Bros.A made the enlivered decision to abandon thePress projections and deleted plans for a first of gala.
This interpretation of a long -awaited film of the cult television show was originally split for an opening in early June, where it would have been struck in front against the heavy strikers of the rival studios; its possible demotion to a less powerful openingIn mid-August was an obvious first indication of the lack of confidence of the studio with the image.
And for reason.
This is an unjust exercise of a film, maintained together by a barely coherent intrigue and without semblance of excitement, thrills or spirit.
Remarkable in its banality and brutally not involved, The Avengers is a catastrophic mess that immediately invites comparisons to the case study from last year in style on the substance, Batman & Robin by Joel Schumacher.
 (Indeed, the two films even have appalling and ridiculous sequences which find central characters disguised as blurred oversized costumes.)
Uma Thurman, who assumes the salted role of the combination of the combination, the Emma Peel karate-chopping immortalized by Diana Rigg, was the only positive point of the aforementioned Schumacher disaster, permeating her poison Ivy with a dose of Sassiness and D'Sneaky spirit that gave the public something to smile in the middle of cinematic carnage.
Unfortunately, the same thing cannot be said here, where she and the Ralph Fiennes cohort (our new John Steed, taking over for Patrick Macnee) presents no appreciable chemistry, fatally paralyzing the photo while they vote the sparkling distributionAnd exchange double-entangled with all the enthusiasm of two painfully aware actors that they are on board a flowing ship.
At this rate, an actor generally approved Mr.Fiennes may never make the transition from Arthouse Apollo to the dominant main man - his lukewarm turn here will do as much breakthrough as his commendable performance in Kathyrn Bigelow Kathyrn Bigelow film.
The duo * looks at * The part - and certainly, the avengers are, more than most, strongly dependent on the style - but they are not fun to look at, and I found myself more and more distant and bored by the lack of'Sparkle between the two frightening ironic characters as they sailed in the intrigue of Caper-Esque of the image.
When I do not check my wristwatch or I do not move relentlessly in my seat, I started to mitigate boredom by considering how it could have been played if the filmmakers had chosen to go to thePlace with this old Emma like our Mrs.peel - No, not Kate Beckinsale (although the concept intrigues me now), but Gwyneth Paltrow, who was originally in the running for the room and can really manage a English spotted accent.
If nothing else, it would be at least very entertaining for the incongruous view of the young actress vaguely TwigGish who kicked.
History, as it is, implies the tandem of steed and peeling always stunned to fight against the Malvolent Sir August de Wynter (Sean Connery), an eccentric aristocrat threatening the security of the nation with its climate control machine.
 (They also sipped a lot of tea.)
Overlooking clumsy cloning nonsense and eccentric hijinx involving the superiors of our protagonists, it seems much better than it plays and is made almost indecipherable by the flagrant post-production DIY; it is clearly obvious that the image was cuttattered.
The Avengers never targeted the drama, and our heroes never take the bad Sir August very seriously, but given the lack of cohesion in the intrigue and the lack of threat conveyed by the Buffonish maniac, everything is definitely nocomplicating.
M .conney, who is on the screen Barely long enough to record an impression, addresses the role as a man fulfilling a contractual obligation, simultaneously chewing the landscape while being unable to hide his disinterest.
At least everything looks good.
It is a truly beautiful production, with a design of fine costumes by Anthony Powell and with a sorting by Roger Pratt.
In particular, the design of sparkling production by Stuart Craig draws attention, skillfully attracting old and new elements in order to represent this Britain.
There are a handful of striking visual moments in the film, including an attack by a swarm of giant robotic bees and a nice courier and coat finding a way to walk on the water, but the film is so dullWhether even these cases fail to arouse interest or increase pulse levels.
As the culmination of the film had arrived, my interest was not with the sight of Steed and Sir August sliding him in the middle of waves and tonnant rain, but with the fastest escape road in the theater.
Not by coincidence, the attractive songs of Visual Bravura were the blows assembled in the remarkable trailer of the film, a wise work which is ironically more attractive than the feature film itself; the first promo which went around at the beginning ofSpring is probably my favorite studio trailer so far this year.
This is all that the Avengers are not - sassy, intelligent, engaging and entertaining.
An overwhelming disappointment, the film is one of the worst releases of the year - too horribly horrible to be savored as joyfully bad, too polite to neglect its shortcomings.
There may be upcoming photos that are even more lifeless than the Avengers, but I hope not.