Here is something to chew: What is the favorite food of large special effects with the cheesy aspect like the one that hides in the intestines of a luxury lining in depth?
The obvious answer to this question is the cardboard, because it is the depth of the most developed character in this function of painfully generic creature.
Deep Rising demonstrates all the originality and vitality of something scripted by a computer.
In fact, given the rigid membership of the expected formulas, it may be.
The most astonishing thing about the deep climb is the exceptionally high level of gore.
Not since Starship Troopers has so many pieces of flesh (human and non -human) dispersed in all directions.
We also learn bloody anecdotes, such as the way in which a sea monster spanked in red (he drinks a human being then the liquefied leftovers) and what he does with half digested leftovers.
I suppose that the gallery of Grotesque images of Deep Rising represents fun things for those who love the macabre, but that does not do much for me.
On the surface, and this is roughly the only level at which this film can be analyzed, the deep rise resembles tremors grafted on Titanic (everyone quotes the equally valid / titanic extraterrestrials, since James Cameron led the two).
By going for the wide angle of catastrophe of the Titanic and the ironic chaos of tremors, the deep rise in a way lacks the two marks by a wide margin.
The film is not humorous, tense or exciting.
In fact, it is downright boring and, despite half the length of the champion of the Cameron box office, Deep Rising is like the longer film.
Is it really necessary to say something about the plot?
Probably not, because it is easy to guess, but I will go ahead and force anyone who wants a synopsis.
The film opens by presenting a bunch of bad guys aboard a mercenary ship.
In addition to the usual distribution of psychopaths and madmen, there is Finnegan (Treat Williams), the pilot of the boat, which is supposed to be a Knockoff of Indiana Jones; Joey (Kevin Jet Hanover (Wes Studi), the "Mastermind "(and I use this term lightly) of the operation.
Their objective: to attack a cruise ship, clean the safe, then sink it with illegally acquired torpedoes.
The problem is that, when they reach Argonautica, the luxury lining of the Titanic type has become the Celeste Marie.
Aside from a beautiful jewelry thief (Famke Janssen) and some crew members, there is no one on board.
The reason quickly becomes obvious - the ship was taken up by a bad special effect which is supposed to look like a octopus with teeth and more than eight tentacles.
The distribution, led by Treat Williams, is mainly composed of Has-Beens and probably not (two exceptions: Wes Studi, better known as the Méchant in the last of the Mohicans, and Djimon Hounsou, Amistad's CinqueAmistad).
Williams, once a prospect "cannot miss" in Hollywood, has fallen so far that the best he can do today for a main role is a film like Deep Rising, and his inability to create a figureCharismatic or interestingii can flow everything that remains of his spraying career.
Famke Janssen, who will forever be known as Xenia Onatopp from Goldeneye, is the perfect match for Williams.
Given its limited acting capacity, it is likely that it was chosen for this part mainly on the basis of its physical attributes.
Unfortunately, a bra beats the goal of having it in a wet t-shirt for half the image.
Meanwhile, Kevin J.O'Connor, who has too much screen time, has the full appeal of the nails scraping a blackboard.
Nowadays, the public is becoming more and more difficult to impress with computer -generated special effects.
This is a lesson that the writer / director Stephen Sommers (which previously directed the jungle book live) must learn.
The days of Jurassic Park, when viewers were amazed by the simple spectacle to see something big and imposing on the screen, have passed.
Now, moviegoers are looking for the sophistication of the titanic - visuals so well constituted in society that it is impossible to say where they end and where "reality" begins.
In depth, the monster, like everything, is artificial and unconvincing.
Unfortunately, the problem of the fundamental problem is confronted here is not so much the silly monotony of this individual image, but the poor quality of the whole genre in bankruptcy (although, to be fair and deeply, is a particularly bad entry).
Even once this film is out of sight, the competent spectator knows that he will not be the last of the genre.
Like the viscous and slippery things that live in the ventilation mouths and the pipes of these films, others wait just at the corner of the ambush.
And this consideration, unlike everything on the screen, is really horrible.