The most interesting part of "can not wait" is not just the most human, but for many of us, the only part to which many of us can easily relate.
It is the character of Denise (Lauren Ambrose), the only sarcastic member of the film who makes fun of everything that happens in the film, and at some point is seated on a sofa and who looks completely bored.
The film wisely holds this moment, showing its alienation well in the middle of a big secondary party ... Almost
Very good.
For some public members (read: me), it is essentially a mirror of what is happening with them by watching this film.
We sit down there to ask ourselves why we even took the trouble to see a film on a long high school party, we probably never felt the desire to go first.
I would highly recommend this film if it satiated it all.
After all, this film is filled with a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, a large part of which I went to high school.
Everyone is here: the jock, the queen of the return, the nerd (and her dominions of trekkes and x-philes), the alienated budding writer, the daughter of the spirit of the school, the (S), Wigger, etc., etc. Strangely, this film shows them as superficial, lame and fundamentally as a bunch of losers.
With the exception of Denise, who rolls her eyes on everything, and easily becomes the most sympathetic character before she even speaks (her entry of a directory, something that is done for each main character, quotes Oscar Wilde -pointers defined there).
Unfortunately, the writers and directors take several big steps on the way to make it an admirable and even friendly film.
The film, as I said, describes most of its characters as superficial and simply ignorant to everything.
However, instead of sticking to this, maybe even going a little further with it, they let it lie and make these characters in our heroes.
We follow several of them, all a bunch of idial stereotypes with only a cutting of humanity and realism, and tries to tell boring and too melodramatic stories as if we care and / or we identify with them.
And if we have done, we certainly do not want to review this state of being.
Here is a quick low: it is the graduation, and we follow a pile of seniors the last night, otherwise known as "American Grafitti" or, to a lesser extent, the "dazed and confused" shot.
The formal just followed them while they were driving aimlessly; the latter did a little and presented a big outdoor barrel party.
 "I can't wait", "I just opt for a big interior festival, and a little driving aimless, although I ask myself.
We follow a lot of people around, but above all we follow Preston (Ethan Embry, "That Thing You Do!"), The alienated writer, who expired the homopointe queen, Amanda (the Jennifer Love Hewitt completely overestimated), for'Integrality of high school because he thinks they shared a moment of their first year during a creepy pop pie.
Now that she is broken with her boyfriend's boyfriend Mike (Peter Facinelli), he decides to go to the party with a note that he wrote declaring his "love" for her in the hope he willBuild the guts to give it to Son ... even
Although it leaves for an intensive writing program of several weeks organized by none other than Kurt Vonnegut (okay: the spokesperson for Ingnius Vonnegut or a spokesperson for Icky Noxama?).
Since this intrigue is incredibly lame and a history of what is happening could not wear an advertisement and even less a feature film, and because it is a party, there are other main characters, such as: William(Charliekorsmo, finally resurfaced after "Dick Tracy"), the Nerd (and its Dominions) which has developed a ridiculous plan to publicly sabotage Mike, who humiliated him for years, but is too taken to drink to do so; Kenny (Seth Green), the Wigger, who decided that this part will be where it will finally be lowered (uh huh); and Denise, the only exceptional character, who is unfortunately stuck in a bathroom (do not ask) withKenny where the two characters dropped their characters and are allowed to follow the laws of the clichés of the plot of point A to point B with nary at little characterization involved after a certain time.
UGH.
The main comparison that this film arrives at another film is in fact not "American Grafitti" or "Dazed and Confused", two films that kissed and finally made humans of many of his high school students (not to speak were extremely entertaining), but in John Hughes films from the 80s, notably "sixteen candles".
The big difference in the two is that this film managed not only to kiss, but even to satiate its main characters, and did so in an equal and entertaining way.
This film forgets to satiate its characters and finally tells a story about a lot of without interest stereotypes ... and
Then says everything is fine.
We cannot take this film seriously, and we cannot consider it fun, so it's really good?
But I will tell you certain things that I liked: I liked the direction, with the exception of a few characteristics too much on the top, like too shiny jump cuts (it's like an oxymoron) andother darkness.
Generally, however, Elfont and Kaplan have a graceful movement of the camera, and even manage to capture an altman sensation at their film from time to time (one thing with a note, however, is too hokey to be really admirable).
In fact, I liked Seth Green, for once in about a decade (when he played a very young Woody Allen in "Radio Days") - his disintegration of his character Wigger was almost credible ... almost.
And, of course, Lauren Ambrose is wonderful as Denise, the only character we could have used a little more, even if it would have changed the entire film.
However, the character of Denise really does not work with the film, when he really thought.
She is far too spiritual and realized (at least for the first half) to belong to this film, and each time she appears, she automatically gives a deliciously satirical tone.
It is not only cynical or intellectual; it is just a very interesting character who offers entertainment even if he damages more other characters already damaged.
It can ruin the film more, but at least when it is on the screen, we can sit down and think of ourselves "well, at least we will be entertained."
A few other things that simply do not work: the character of Mike, who suffers from a revelation throughout the film but finally acts as if he had forgotten everything: too much from the sacrificial lamb for the film in general; theConduct without goal and bitch by Preston to try to overcome his inability to tighten with Amanda-give me a break; and perhaps the only thing that simply does not work at all: the camée not credited with Jenna Eflman asthat Angel - did not work, but I tried.
Basically, the worst thing about this film, the real reason I give to this weak note is because it refuses to give us fully made characters and insists that we follow complete stereotypes ofOther films doing things that are stupid and different what we would do.
We do not feel for these characters because for most of us, we are not stereotypes that go through the movements of worn sub -intrigues.
The acid test for high school movies is: does that capture what it depicts?
The answer to this film is no.
Well tried anyway.