Naked breasts talk about their lives enter this category that I mentioned in the Duvil's Advocate: the films that have a brilliant start but I don't know how to end.
It starts by presenting a selection of characters who know each other.
There is Liz, who gets rid of too much and is therefore late for his appointment, Prue who marries, Geoff, Liz's boyfriend, Neil, his previous boyfriend, Ant who wrote a script.
During the first hour, we get to know these people through daily activities, while they speak on the phone, go out for dinner, hang clothes on the line.
The interactions seem so truthful and without sure that it is almost as if the filmmakers hid cameras around the place and spun these people without their knowledge.
Sometimes events are limited to ridicule, such as the screening of the film, but they always seem in agreement with the characters and their life.
It does not look like a brilliant premise for a film - "We just follow a lot of people around whom are vaguely linked" - but it is the execution of the idea that makes women naked talk about their life ifcaptivating.
Unfortunately, this level of honesty is not maintained.
With about half an hour, a feeling of imminent destiny invades naked breasts of their lives and from there, descends into melodrama.
Such a disappointment after such a brilliant start.
The actors are all quite good with the sep. Cormack danielle like Liz being particularly impressive.
The energy of his character is palpable and is a major reason why the film is so observable.
Many performances are a bit difficult on the edges, but it is completely suitable for the documentary feeling of the film.
It seems that these are real people that we are looking at rather than actors playing roles.
This is why the melodramatic turn of events is such a shock.
Until that time, I was transported to this world where these real but slightly crazy events took place.
Although the last half hour is not beyond the areas of the possibility, it is unlikely in a way that shakes someone taken in the world of the film.
Not only the events, but also the tone of a part of the end is false, strongly facing the feeling of pleasure that preceded it.
This does not mean that naked breasts talk about their lives is not a good film.
As indicated above, the first hour is superb and even the end is greater than the average.
It just takes a tour, which means that a differently brilliant film loses part of its brilliant.