A suave, cool, collected, rich and tense = shot.
An awkward criminal oaf to add to laughter = shot.
A villain that has a wild animal = shot.
A type responsible for the Chauvinist law and a cliché.
At an intense moment, our main character tries to run away, but the car has trouble starting = shot.
Complain about shots = shot.
Ok ok.
So we always hear about shots.
But if there was an excellent example, the real McCoy is!
Not a pronounced word, not a film frame, not a character from all this film is not an example of cutting and paste of everything we have ever seen.
They could also use it as a training film: "How to make a bank flight film in the 90s".
Karen McCoy (Kim Basinger) is a banking thief who has just free himself conditional after a six -year stay in state prison.
She wants to do things correctly and go straight, especially with the fact that she has a six -year -old son who does not even know that she is alive.
Aware of McCoy's flight expertise in Banque, the bad snoring Jack Schmidt (Terence Stamp) uses the same six -year -old child to force McCoy to return to his past.
He wants McCoy to make an elaborate robbery of more than $ 18 million in the same bank that she was surprised stealing six years earlier, which, by the way, is somehow due to Schmidt.
What if she refuses?
Who knows what he will do to the child.
 (Cue sinister laughs)
This film is so pitiful that it is difficult to know where to start.
The aforementioned shots are brutally abundant.
I cannot insist enough how each element, whether it is a character, the dialogue, a "twist" plot, etc., is so generic that you will wonder if * someone * works behind the scenes, even less in front of thecamera.
Basinger is absolutely vacant.
And where do they take place while trying to make us emotionally attached to her?
Here is someone who spent her time stealing banks, and now while she heads for the street, we are supposed to be sorry for her.
When she confronts her son, who does not even know who she is, are we supposed to make tears ??
Especially when Basinger or Zach English, who plays the child, has no depth or emotional radiation.
I guess I should mention Val Kilmer.
Yeah, it's true - he's in it!
Sadly too, seeing how I can discuss everything about the film and never mention his name.
And he obtained the second billing!
To be fair, I admit that Kilmer had a potential in his role as awkward criminal Wannabe J.T.
Barker.
Unfortunately, the script does not allow much room for improvement, and when his character is used as tightness (he never presents himself in the middle of the film!),,
We do not have time to appreciate what he could have brought to this project.
The real McCoy just can't keep his head over the water, and soon, * very * soon, sinks into a film snapshot.
The actors are like models moved by a non -enthusiastic puppeteer, and the dialogue, in particular the banal dialogue of Schmidt, falls like Niagra.
It is certainly one to avoid, friends.
The real McCoy is anything but!