Deuce Bigalow (Rob Schneider) cleans fish tanks.
Yeah, I didn't know that it was a real job either.
One of its customers is Antoine Leconte (Oded Fehr), a successful gigolo.
When Antoine has to go to Sweden for three weeks, he lets the decay use his house to take care of a sick fish of $ 800.
Claying, Deuce sets fire to the kitchen and crushes an aquarium of $ 6000.
After having tried one of Antoine's customers and won $ 10, Deuce decides to prostitute himself to collect money to replace the aquarium before Antoine yields at fiery temperature.
Enter T.J (Eddie Griffin), a pimps for "man-Whores", who organizes Deuce to serve an assortment of women whose imperfections prevent them from going out together.
There is a huge woman (played by the transvestite porn star Chi chi the street) who hides food in her clothes.
There is Claire (Gail O'Grady) whose narcolepsy makes her fall asleep every few minutes.
Tina (Torsten Voges) is so large that her face does not correspond to the screen, and Ruth (Amy Poehler) has Tourette syndrome and shouts obscenities without warning.
Finally, there is Kate (Arija Bareikis) whose sorority sisters have secretly paid her price.
She seems perfect and Deucus quickly falls in love with her.
 (She does it, we discover later, an imperfection, but Deuce decides that it is not important.)
The life of Deuce is complicated by an annoying cop (William Forsythe) in search of information on Antoine and by the discovery by Kate of her wood.
However, no threat generates a lot of suspense.
The formula is so familiar that we know how it will end from the start.
 "DEUCE BIGALOW" is the first project of Adam Sandler's company, HAPPY Madison, whose training guarantees that we will see the Sandler style of the Comedy produced in mass at a growing rate in the years to come.
to fear.
Be very scared.
The good news is that Sandler does not really appear in "Deucce" and that Rob Schneider and Eddie Griffin are funnier than Sandler.
Schneider has a sweetness that makes the deule deleted but good heart credible.
Griffin's delivery is dead, in particular in the link of "technical terms" for T.Jla Profession, as in "Do not make me-good guy guy-to you!"
There is the expected quantity of humor to the toilet in "Deucus".
 (On the one hand, the father of Deuce is a men's chamber attendant).
Does anyone over eight years old really find such funny stool?
For most of us, I think that the fascination of childhood for bodily functions disappears when we hit the distant side of puberty and discover how funny sex is.
For my part, I will be happy when the toilet trend is finally rinsed.
Bottom Line: "Deuce" offers nothing new, but it is funny by intermittently.