While the season of summer films approached its long-awaited cessation, we had another film of poor quality and subordinate celluloid superheroes caused by the inexorable hastest great studios to please children with everything that'They think children will go to spend their seven dollars.
And, once again, we have one of the worst films of the year.
The trend of the moment - and keep in mind that it is a trend and not a film - is reproducing, and if you have seen the animated series on HBO, you will remember that it embodies lost lifeFrom a disfigured man, an individual who had the ultimate punishment: he was sent to hell.
Todd McFarlane, the creator of Spawn's comic strip, had to have trouble sitting through the spawn, because his creativity and themes on the resurrection and the loss of identity were all in favor of the reliable special effects, style on the substance, of the atmosphere on anyone this Souture.
Not only is the spawn based entirely on special effects, history, on a perplexed individual who must face a group of * wicked * and * find himself * in the process is carried out in such a sordid and incapable way, butIt becomes indigestible after after some time.
Each character in this film is lifeless, empty and apparently written by a depressed student.
The story begins, as in each superhero film of that time, with a man living an idyllic life.
Al Simmons (Michael Jai White), an agent of the government / murderer shares his wife's love, Wanda (Theresa Russell) and his daughter, has an ironic head partner, Terry (D. B Sweeney) and is content withWork that his boss, Jason Wynn (Martin Sheen), provides it.
The next element of the film is the game where things go wrong.
And as expected, everyone turns the tables on poor al.
While the two investigate their last mission in a sort of biological arms factory, Al is friendly by Jason and dies in a bloody and really disgusting scene.
Inevitably, it leads everyone to the conclusion that he died.
Consequently, Jason's malicious master's plan, to "conquer the world", simply begins his initial steps, when Al does a pact with Satan himself, agreeing to ask the devil's army to take over the worldAnd he will see his family again.
Thus, our boyfriend was raised in hell, and although his transformation from Guy to Spawn takes place, his former Terry partner forms a relationship with his wife.
Time passes.
And now Spawn is present in the grotesque city center, the ghetto where Cog (Nicol Williamson) teaches Spawn how to use his neat artefacts, his motorcycle, his armor, etc ...
This character is simply an obi of a poor man Wan Kenobi without all the mythological hoopla.
Now the scene is established, the new "enemy of evil" against evil.
And the evil takes the cake, no doubt.
John Leguizamo's delicious performance as a harmful clown working for Wynn is the film's rescue point.
All this anxiety, the pain, the half-cooked themes and the putrid action scenes are invisible for Leguizamo, who steals the spectacle and draws the joy of his character, which is essentially a compilation of so even.
And then there is Martin Sheen.
Whatever you look at, you will find sculpture boards near its last two years and downright appalling.
His selections call for an immediate dismissal of his agent.
As a megalomaniac boss, his caricature plays like a bad dream in a film B, blurred and left in the shelf to rot.
It was the man who played in films such as Apocalypse Now and Wall Street.
I would never have thought of saying that, but at this stage, Charlie Sheen's career is in better shape.
Spawn is a film in which realism, or even an attempt to draw a parallel between the problems of the hero and real life is identifiable.
For most of the film, the Vapid Michael Jai White consumes his time to let go, jump through the roofs and perform all kinds of acrobat IC exercises that even Batman and Robin have done better.
It has constantly reminded us that we were watching a superhero film-a very bad superhero film.
Permanently, the film continued according to the special effects, and unfortunately, this is how images are in progress.
Perhaps no other film better than Spawn illustrates the deterioration of cinema by computer magic.
The filmmakers seem to have forgotten all the possible human elements.
The quality of this film is appalling and insulting.
It is perceptible that director Mark Dippe, tried to touch the psychological agreement that Batman of Tim Burton touched, the despair of a man whose life has almost evaporated in a single spontaneous act.
But Bruce Wayne had human elements to him.
He was thoughtful, ingenious and had relationships, which made our point of view on him just as human.
The character of Al Simmons seems to be a desire for a radical change, as if it were tired of being normal.
And like all superheroes, Batman, Superman, The Phantom, they must have an element of normal civilians to make us think that they are extraordinary.
None of this is present in the Frai.
The combat sequences are weakly executed, dialogue is the penny on training and artistic direction An odious duplicate of Blade Runner.
As an example of the very creative imagination of this film, the writers of Spawn decided to include an orphan boy who is abandoned and beaten, then rescued by Spawn, so our emotions tend to be a little more sympathetic.
Admittedly, I laughed once in the film, and it was at this moment that Todd McFarlane appeared in an unexpected cameo as a tramp.
It is not surprising that American children grow without any captivation for art or literature.
In addition to blaming a large part of it on the laughable school system, I condemn the other part to garbage as a laying.
Films that have no admiration, no captivation, no wealth and a vague interest in what children are subject to.
And children will continue to see films like Spawn, simply because they are unable to differentiate what makes an imaginative and wonderful film of an tasteless and useless.
Children are not muppets.
And the laying shamelessly targets children.