The intrigue of Big Mommom's house is Martin Lawrence in a big costume and a dress.
It is not only premise at high concept; it is the fully achieved and global intrigue.
Such an accent is not unknown in the world of Hollywood summer entertainment.
Just look back last summer when Big Daddy's intrigue was Adam Sandler being an incompetent substitution parent.
The trap inherent in such an approach is that the idea of the intrigue at high concept would be better to be quite achieved or to rest on the shoulders of an extremely talented artist, because you can bet that there will beNothing else worth a second of your time -not a developed character, not a provocative theme, not a full -minded turn.
You will get more than 90 minutes from Martin Lawrence in a big costume and a dress - nothing more, nothing less.
Those who find Martin Lawrence more than a presence on the sometimes fun screen can have a chance to take advantage of the failure of a note that is the house of Big Mimom.
Others will just look, their mouths agape, to his laziness without excuse.
Lawrence embodies the FBI agent, Malcolm Turner, an expert infiltrated with an assignment with his partner John (Paul Giamatti).
The dangerous condemned bank thief and the murderer Lester Vesco (Terrence Howard) escaped from prison, and the Federals think that he headed for his former girlfriend and the alleged accomplice, but the accomplice-complice Sherry (Nia long).
Sherry, however, fled with his son Trent (Jascha Washington), perhaps to visit his grandmother Hattie Mae (Ella Mitchell), better known as Big Momma.
Indeed, Sherry seems to be on his way, but Big Mumma goes out of the city without knowing that Sherry is coming.
This leaves Master of Disguise Malcolm to submit to a big blanket as a big mother and discover what Sherry knows.
The lines of Big Mommom's house are certainly traceable to Mme.
Doubtfire - Director Raja Gosnell published this film, and the makeup effects were created in the same way by Greg Cannom - but there is just as strong a breath of Tootsie in the main character's attempt to use his alternating identityTo get closer to a woman.
Unfortunately, the house of Big Mommom does not make a ridiculous decision that none of these other films has taken: instead of making the protagonist appear as a completely manufactured character unknown to anyone Elsses, he places Malcolm in the position of playingA friend and a family member with several other characters.
The suspension of disbelief in the house of Big Mommomes you to believe that all the other people in the film are blind and / or stupid, because nobody notices that a great mother looks like or absolutely resembles the other.
Of course, the laughs prevail over the logic each time, and Big Mummi's house would probably still have worked despite its total disdain for common sense if it had just been successful.
And it lacks its best possible opportunity for a big farce by ignoring the simple fact that the real grandmother is created as a angry beast, while Malcolm must be fed in order to obtain the information he wants outside Sherry.
Unfortunately, no one involved seems to have the slightest idea of how to face the comic gold mine involved in a real person pretending to be another very different real person, so that they reproduce in a parade withoutEnd of gags: Malcolm violently reacting to the explosive Atatache of the diarrhea of Big Mummia; Malcolm-As-Momeded A pair of arrogant adolescents in basketball; Malcolm trying to avoid detection because various prostheses give in the inappropriate moments; Malcolm deliveringA baby because Big Mumma is the midwife of the city (one of the rare sequences that works).
Martin Lawrence can sometimes be quite sympathetic, but there is no reason to worry about his budding romance with Sherry because Malcolm is never a significant independentness.
He's just a great mother without makeup.
I will not waste time commenting on the way in which the implementation of the escaped convicted is used, because it was clearly A waste of time for filmmakers.
There are a few scenes of Lester tokens looming as a threatening figure, but it is ultimately a distraction in a film that really speaks of its central visual incongruity (and lascious looks of accompaniment to the posterior of Nia Long).
I am never ready to underestimate how attractive this idea can be for others - several million of them have apparently found Adam Sandler as an incompetent substitution parent attractive - but I know that when a filmmaker triesTo launch a concept A claim that it is an entire film, I move away.
The raw implausibility of Big Mommom's house could have been tolerable if it was seasoned with larger and intelligently built laughter.
His lack of big laughs could have been tolerable if his characters were at all relevant.
Big Mimical's house is ridiculous _ and not funny.
It is just a sad exercise in the blashed presumption that any scene must be considered as eccentric and hilarious if it implies Martin Lawrence in a big costume and a dress.