I will start this review with a hypothetical question.
Let's say that you have just been in a car accident and that the driver of the other vehicle is unconscious.
Your friends left to get help and you are waiting to see if the victim wakes up.
A trailer truck arrives and the driver jumps out of the truck to see what is going on.
He then proceeds to kill the victim's unconscious by breaking his neck.
do you :
a) You are shouting for your life, remaining far from the main road,
b) Entrance (but not too fast) and staying on the main road even when the crazy truck begins to follow you, * Stop * to catch your breath, try to negotiate with the psycho, and when it fails, start toYou swell once, all the time * stay on the main road *?
If you answered "A", you are much smarter than the screenwriter of "Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation" and will probably hate this film.
However, if you answered "B", prepare to enjoy a film made with idiots like you in mind!
 "Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation" is called a sequel, but it is really more a remake of the original.
There are a few changes here and there, but it is essentially the same (even the infamous "Meathook" scene has been recreated.)
The story opens with four adolescents who took the road at night of their ball, and finding themselves in a way in the middle of nowhere.
Needless to say, they soon meet Leatherface and his family of nuts.
Lots of carnage follows.
Calling this intept film would be slightly.
In addition to the ridiculously silly situation that I mentioned in my hypothetical question, there is a moment towards the end of the film where one of the bad guys is killed by an aircraft that literally comes out of nowhere.
He just attacks and kills him with his wheel.
No explanation is given as to who drives him or why he / she goes around people with the wheel of planes.
The dialogue is even more excruciating.
Zellwegger, who is kidnapped by "the family" very early, continues to try to have normal conversations with these people.
When you are surrounded by maniacs tanning the chainsaws and dead corpses, I think that rationality would come out of the window.
Speaking of leaving the window, there is a scene in which Zellwegger jumps out of a window.
Apparently, the double DOUD had a little trouble because it is visibly stuck in the window.
The director quickly goes to a wide plan where the double stroke of cascade * is not done * getting caught in the window.
It was one of the many blatant inconsistencies.
There is so much, in fact, that if I called them all, this review would be of several pages.
The only reason I give this film a star instead of no stars is because of Matthew McConaughey.
He plays a member of "The Family" with a hydraulic leg (homemade, I could add) and is so completely exaggerated, you cannot help but be surprised by his performance.
He obviously had a lot of fun with this part, and it really shows.
It makes the representation by Jack Nicholson of the goalkeeper of the psychotic innutation in the "The Shining" look in comparison.
For a horror film, "Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation" surprisingly contains Little Gore.
In fact, contains none.
There is a little blood here and there, but it's as far as that.
Which brings me to believe that the budget should be * surprisingly * low, and it shows.
Everything about the film seems cheap, from sets to costumes.
Especially Leatherface.
Once frightening and induced nightmarish, he is now as terrifying as Dame Edna.
Make a favor and take a pass in this remake.
Discover the distant superior original.