Synopsis: A Master Thief of Aging Art, his supplier and a young safety consultant planed by plants are not all what they seem to be (or are they?) In this convoluted mess involving a risky breakage duringmillennium.
Comments: This film was boring.
Simple and simple.
The trapping should not have been boring.
He features Sean Connery, who can still wear an action film despite her age, Catherine Zeta-Jones, a fairly sympathetic cinematographic presence, and twenty rhames, ultra-cool star of Pulp Fiction and Mission: Impossible.
He takes full advantage of the fears of computer bugs Y2K (a current "hot subject" in the news) in his scenario, which takes place at the end of 1999.
He has a really well staged action sequences.
So what's wrong?
Many, unfortunately.
The major trapping problem is its script.
There was-there was done, that is to say.
Nothing seems particularly inventive or original, so the whole film lacks suspense and drag (it lasts almost two hours).
The writers, for example, periodically use a countdown of the millennium as a means of transition between the scenes (i. E.
 "4 days at the millennium").
This device was used much more effectively in the neglected science fiction film Strange Days.
The characters are not who they seem to be at the beginning, which is treated at the beginning, but the device is thinning once the umpteenth "surprise" revelation is made.
The trapping, in other words, rests too much on the public not knowing what is the real motif of each character, resulting in a convoluted story which leaves a lot to scratch the head of confusion.
The power of the stars here is quite strong, but the spectator cannot help thinking that the actors are wasted in this production.
Sean Connery receives such sewl lines such as "never trust a naked woman".
The character of twenty rhames seems to be a reflection afterwards; he is not at all developed.
The camera zooms in frequently and groaning at the tight wardrobe of Catherine Zeta-Jones.
This, in itself, is not bad, but, after a while, it has a youthful feeling.
At least, species films do not hold any bone on the fact that they exploit the female body.
The trapping does the same under the thin disguise of the development of the plot (Sean Connery is supposed to fall in love with the girl while looking at her, tights, arc and swivel around the laser beams).
The slogan of this film can be read as "the trap is defined".
It is certainly on those who spent money to see this film.
The trapping is really not so bad; it is observable.
I would say, however, we wait for it to be on the cable or television to see it.