Ecpected by tired intrigue and Spielberg's dependence on formulas, _ private saving Ryan_ is a mediocre film that nods in the direction of realism before descending into an abyss of clichés.
There should be a law against Steven Spielberg to make films on really serious subjects.
Spielberg's greatest strength as a director is the polished and formula way of which each aspect of the film is carefully in place to make a perfect story.
But for a subject of weight such as the fight during the Second World War (or the Holocaust), this technique turns around, because it creates coherent, understandable and redemptive accounts of events whose size, complexity and evil are completelyout of reach of human ken.
In this way, Spielberg tries the brilliant evil of the stories he films.
_Saver the soldier Ryan_ tells the story of eight men who have been detailed on a "public relations mission" to draw a young man, Ryan (whose three other brothers had just fought elsewhere) from the fight on the Norman front just afterD-day.
Ryan is a paratrooper that fell behind the enemy lines at night before the landings and separated from his colleagues soldier.
The search for him takes him the eight soldiers on the hellish field of the fight of the Second World War in France.
It cannot be denied that Spielberg came to the distance that cries out to make a great war film.
The equipment, uniforms and weapons are superbly carried out.
The opening sequence, in which Captain Miller (Tom Hanks) leads his men on Omaha's beach, is probably the closest that anyone really captured the unanswered intensity of modern infantry combat.
Another pleasant aspect of the film is the courageous representation of Spielberg scenes largely unknown to the American public, such as the shooting of prisoners by allied soldiers, the banality of death in combat, the routine of the routine in the execution of thewar and cynicism of troops.
The technical side of the film is unequaled, as always.
The work of the camera is magnificent, the perfect rhythm, the convincing sets, the default staging.
Hanks will undoubtedly be nominated for an Oscar for his performance, which was completely convincing, and the support cast was excellent, although Ted Danson seems a mite out of his place as a colonel of paratroopers.
However, the attempted realistic representation of the fight falls flat on his face because realism is not something that can be represented by unique instances or events.
He must completely permeate the context at all levels of the film, where history cannot convince.
Throughout the film, Spielberg has only shown only unique examples of the grotesque wounds produced by modern mechanized devices (exception: men are represented to death with a relative frequency) on several occasions.
For example, we see only one man with guts spread on the ground.
Here and there, the men lose members; in a scene, Miller draws a safe man, there is an explosion, and Miller looks back to see that he only pulls half a man.
But the rest of the corpses are remarkably intact.
There are no shoes with only feet, no members scattered everywhere, no torso without limbs, no charred corpses, and above all, all the corpses have heads (in all honesty, there is a handful ofnasty head injuries).
The relentless dehumanization of war, in which even corpses have failed to keep a
In the end, the private Ryan_ bows both to the Hollywood Convention and the unwritten rules of photography in wartime in its representation of wounds and death in war.
Rather than saying that the private Ryan_ is "realistic", it would be better to describe it as "having realistic moments".
Another aspect of the "Hollywoodization" of war is the lack of realistic dialogue and in particular the lack of swears.
Anyone who knows literature on the behavior of men during the war, like the superb _wartime of Fussell: Erstanding and behavior during the Second World War (which has an in -depth discussion on the laws), knows that the troops have swornly sworn and without letup.
 "Who is this private Ryan that we have to die for him?"
asks a infantryman in the group of eight.
Rendered in demotic wartime, which should have been expressed as "who is this little pecker that we have to have our cocks out for him?"
or a variant of it.
Conversations should have been literally sprinkled with the word "F", and largely on (research) of food and sex.
This is all the more inexplicable because the film already had a "R" note because of violence, so the jurants could not have been eliminated to make it a family film.
However, the most disturbing aspect of the film is the subject's spielbergisation.
The most intense hell that humans have ever created for themselves is not emotionally heartbreaking for Steven Spielberg.
He cannot just give in control of the equipment; he must be bigger than that.
As if he was afraid of letting the spectator find his (perhaps unstable and not entirely clear) in the equipment, Spielberg must wrap it in characteristic moments to give the war a meaning and a coherence that he n'Have ever had: the opening and fence scenes of the scenes of scenes from scenes from scenes from scenes from scenes from scenes from scenes from opening and fenceryan and his family inThe war cemetery (recalling the closing scene of _Schindler's list), the saccharin exchange between Ryan and his wife at the fence (just as bad as the Schindler monologue on the way his car, his affair orHis ring could have saved anotherjuif), quotes from Abraham Lincoln and Emerson, the last words of Captain Miller to soldier Ryan, and an incredible scenario in which a prisoner whom they release earlier in the film returns to kill the captain.
This particular secondary intrigue is so predictable Hokey, it ruins the film.
Nowhere in the film, there is a resolute representation of the insufficiency of meaning, stupidity and waste that characterized the experience of war to men who really fought in combat (imagine if Miller had beenkilled by friendly fire or collateral damage).
Due to his inability to deeply exploit the terrible realities of the Second World War, _Saver Private Ryan_ can only be in panoramic for small truths in the shallows.
 .