This film on two dysfunctional families never really takes off, despite good performance of a fundamentally competent distribution.
Eddie (Sean Penn) and Maureen (Robin Wright Penn) are a not so married couple.
Living in rooms rented in the most sequence part of an anonymous city, they spend the little income they have at the local bar, belonging to Shorty (Stanton), the best friend of Eddie and his wife Georgie (Mazar).
Maureen and Eddie share a strange relationship marked by the frequent disappearances of Eddie.
Upon his return, he promises her the world and professes his eternal love.
Their manic reunion has led too much to new stockings, while Eddie disappears again.
Like a junky who wants the next summit, Maureen suffers through the stockings to reach the next summit.
Their relationship is still complicated by Moor's pregnancy.
She wants the baby and the father, but basically seems to feel the inevitability of losing the latter.
During one of Eddie's absences, Maureen was attacked by Kiefer, his neighbor, who took her out (with her cooperation) and then insisted on intimacy.
She leaves badly bruised and in the fear of what Eddie could do - not for her, but for Kiefer.
She is lying about what happens to make sure that no evil will come to Eddie following her inevitable rage.
He is unleashed as she expects and finds herself in an institution for what he believes to be 3 months - but in reality, it's 10 years.
During this decade, Maureen divorce from Eddie and remarried a more solid and reliable person, Joey (Travolta, in a small role).
His life collapses again when Eddie is released from the institution and comes to find her.
Joey insists on bringing Eddie at his home and having his wife choose between her husband (and father of two children) and stability (Joey makes a good life, leads a Cadillac, and they live in a large house in the suburbs) and the lovehis previous life.
She chooses her past and sacrifices not only her new life but also her old (abandoning Eddie's daughter to Joey).
But the Eddie whom she knew disappeared, replaced by a simple shell of the man he was.
Maureen is herself a simple shell, more an automaton than a woman - as if she had followed the therapy and the treatment that Eddie was given with him.
Perhaps these two really need each other and can find happiness (or perhaps the lack of sadness) together, but the outcome of the film was not convincing.