You should have heard the old people in the crowded bathroom after the "Odd Toule II" overview.
They were as happy as a group of men I never met.
 "What a big film", exclaimed a gentor gent, "everything was so true!"
 "Yeah," laughs a man standing next to him, "I drive as slowly as this guy.
My children give me sacred hell! "
 "And peeing is a large part of my day, just like with Felix", gleams another man, while he tied his pants around his nipples and was preparing to join his wife.
If you are over 60 years old and you are used to driving at least 20 miles per hour below the displayed speed limit, "Neil Simon is couple II" "can just be the film for you.
Others will probably be less charitable.
While "The Odd couple II" is quite kind, Neil Simon's shocking script looks like a slapped television television program, suffering from whistling comedy configurations and jokes directly from the Borscht belt.
Simon, formerly the toast of Broadway, apparently moved his views from the large white track to the multiplex of the neighborhood in Branson, Missouri.
The artificial history, involving the marriage of their children, provides the excuse for a meeting between Oscar Madison and Felix Uger, which have not been seen for 17 years.
The former roommates fly in California from their respective houses for marriage and, literally, collide at the airport.
They take off in a rental car for the ceremony in San Molina, are lost and have a series of "eccentric" adventures on the road.
Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau resume their roles as Felix The Neat Freak and Oscar the Slob.
Although there is an undeniable chemistry between the pair, the impact of their reunion is reduced by the fact that they have titled three films together since 1993: "Grumpy Old Men", "Old men" and "out toSea ".
However, the two veteran actors are fun to watch.
Matthau, whose beautifully crumpled face looks like a big pile of cloth in the eyes, has a day on the ground as a Oscar, the crown prince of the Curmudgeons.
Lemmon, looking for Pastier that usually, is as an always boring Felix, which always punctuates his chronic groan with occasional allergic horns of "Phnah!
Phnah! "
Despite their quarrels, the characters have a real affection for each other, offering a welcome respite from the non-stop dam of insults which marked their three previous films together.
Unfortunately, the charm of Matthau and Lemmon is not enough to compensate for the Simon hacking script, which would not even pass on a sitcom upn.
An artificial situation follows another, moused with enough expired watershed to provide a dozen potential comics during the evening in Mike open to the local comedy club.
If someone drags you to this film and you are also bored as me, try to entertain yourself by counting product placements.
Burger King gets one, just like El Pollo Loco Taco's joint, but the budget appointment really hits the jackpot.
Between the script references to their business and the photos of the panels and stickers bearing the name of their business, I could not count all the traffic jams.
However, I kept a trace of some of the swears.
I found four "damns of God" "three" shitheads "and two" fucks ".
The inclusion of these particular blasphemies seemed strange for a film intended for an older audience, but the theater full of seniors seemed to have no problem with them, screaming like crazy every time the boys allowed themselves to tear with a naughty word.
It is sad that a writer of the stature of Neil Simon has become desperate enough to use swear for cheap laughter, but not surprising when you look at what has happened as humor in this warm exercise.
An executed gag implies the incapacity of Oscar and Felix to remember the name of the city where marriage must take place.
At one point, men actually spend 30 seconds just in free association, Riffing outside the variants of the word "San".
The sequence is so creative in bankruptcy that it is simply embarrassing.
One of the oldest film maxims is "beware of films that use the author's name in the title".
 "Neil Simon is The Odd Toule II" is no exception to the rule.
Although production has enough minor pleasures to justify a vision of television on a lazy Sunday afternoon, it has nothing to play in a cinema.
Of course, there is a bathroom full of old people who would be in great disagreement with each word that I wrote, and which would probably make a boost to start my "young-whitenapper".
One thing is certain, however.
They will never catch me in a car pursuit.