Often similar to a little boy lost in a park in which he had no right to the adventure, the call of the oboe (o toque of oboe) is a disappointing film which seems to have been lost.
Many elements of the film are solid and have much larger potential than director Claudio MacDowell will never know, but they simply do not convert to solid work.
Although a framework is never established, it becomes apparent.
The film takes place somewhere in a village in Latin America today.
The community is dull, where every day is a slide from the last.
Over time, people have brought themselves to themselves.
The city's cinema is closed, no tourist has happened over the years and the daily funeral processions are accompanied by anyone other than the Creuser of the tomb.
So what happens when a "tourist" (Paolo Betti) arrives one day?
He sends this routine and dull city to chaos and shock.
It is revealed that he is a musician who plays oboe like a hobby.
When he sits in the park one day to give solo performance, the whole community gathers for their first entertainment in countless years.
It is from what the musician meets certain villagers and agreed to play at local cinema in accompaniment to a silent film, thus opening the theater for the first time in ages.
The woman who speaks him of this full -minded task is the owner of the cinema (Leticia vota) who also happens to be engaged to the city police inspector, a figure which soon becomes suspicious of the participation of her fiancéWith this musician.
The rest of the intrigue is closely like a bizarre spectacle that has been horribly lost.
He presents a character who literally rises from his grave, a woman who has a telephone conversation with God, and the above -mentioned inspector who goes from an intriguing and serious character, to an almost humorous drunk.
Technically, this film is a nightmare.
The musical score is poorly published in the film, so it is often agitated, rough and abrupt.
The lighting is at best poor, which makes it increasingly difficult to focus on many scenes, and English subtitles are full of bad spelling words, and are often absent probably on the hypothesis that the public will beable to understand Portuguese and simple and Spanish Spanish and Spanish Spanish phrases.
This failure of translation is better highlighted at the beginning of the film when what seems to be a relevant fight is filled with dialogue, but the subtitles are limited to less than 25 words.
In addition, the rhythm of the film seems uneven.
It opens onto a series of long panoramic shots which alone can test its patience.
The film then moves in a faster rhythm, which slows down again towards the end, because the director seems determined to reach two hours.
However, there was potential for this film.
It is a play exploring the beauty of cinema and music, and the reunification of people.
These are all subjects that could easily fill a film.
Perhaps if there was no monster show and the technical aspects should improve, there could be something of beauty at the end.
More importantly, however, the director should repair the plot and make it better so that the two hours are not such bore.
Until then, there seems to be a little more hope for this piece, than this boy by simply shouting "mom" while he gets lost in a park.