Ready to scold is not a masterpiece in the film; I have a problem even with regard to the film.
It's no longer a show, a great advertisement for Ted Turner's World Championship Wrestling (WCW).
The film is almost entirely on and entirely highlighting WCW wrestlers like Diamond Dallas Page, Goldberg and Sting.
The story is very minimal and basic.
There are these two guys, Gordy (David Arquette) and Sean (Scott Caan).
They are two twenty -year wrestling fans of Wyoming.
When they go to a live event for the big match, the favorite wrestler Jimmy King (Oliver Platt) is defeated and his career is announced by the average commissioner Titus (Joe Pantoliano).
Gordy and Sean decide to make a quest to find Jimmy and bring him back to the top and defeat the plans of Titus evil.
On the way, they meet some people, have fun and clean up certain ports.
It looks good, well, well this is not the case.
The film makes many humor attempts, only a few work.
The jokes that make you laugh, however, are not more numerous than the many failures of the film.
There is a funny repertoire between Arquette and a repair cashier played by Ahmet Zappa.
The cashier is very mean to Arquette, so Arquette dreams of ways to recover it.
I particularly appreciated a version in which they have a wrestling match and the Arquette team partner is "Macho Man" Randy Savage.
They fight between the aisles overturning cans and the body slammed on the ground.
The other good part of the film is the sexual confrontation between Arquette and Rose McGowan.
McGowan plays Sasha with his head nitro girl, the cheerlers of WCW.
It becomes attracted by Gordy and they have beautiful funny scenes, in particular a scene in which Arquette calls the breasts of McGowan foreign objects that strikes it directly in the face.
Now what didn't work in this film?
It would be the rest.
The film was filled with stupid pot humor on farts and toilets.
The two main characters work for a Port-O-Potty cleaning company and when they crush the truck, the excrement spill on the whole road.
It's not funny; it's pathetic and brainless.
The film pays tribute to the faithful blind of their wrestlers, but all fans of struggle are not so.
I look at him for entertainment and I think some people are offended have what is said throughout the film.
The main characters in the film actually launch out, as it would happen to any fan, especially 2 who track down a wrestler and step back on the set.
In addition, I wondered how they went behind the scenes so easily; they just entered.
I like the fight.
I look at him at home and laugh.
It is continuously funny and has great characters otherwise I would not look at it.
This film was not even funny or fun to watch like the fight on television.
The only pleasure I had in the film was to highlight the wrestlers I knew.
What is funny is that many WCW wrestlers like Saturn and Chris Benoit have left WCW for more money but are still featured in the film.
The film was too dark to be funny.
It may be the most useless and developed film of all time.
A recent film in this kind of fans would be the film fan of Kiss, Detroit Rock City.
This film was interesting, well done and continuously funny unlike this film.
The game was good and the jokes had humor and made you laugh.
Now that the Scream trilogy is over, Arquette has nothing else to do, he must do shit like that and be a spokesperson for these stupid advertisements 1 to 800 calls.
At least he has a hot woman in Courtney Cox.
It is in the funny regions of the film but it is not enough to make it seem well.
The music was also bad presents overvalued tunes such as "Bawitdaba" and "Cowboy" by Kid Rock.
Martin Landau has a large cameo as a classic wrestling trainer with a hard nose named Sal who puts the king in shape back for find his throne.
The script is important for a film, but this shit piece could have been made with a few scribbles on a towel.
A fan of the wrestlers who appear in the film probably wrote it.
Sometimes the film even tries to show the struggle as real.
The wrestlers form alliances, go to people and beat them.
It is completely ridiculous.
The whole film was an experience of waste and Boufond.
The film was made to pay tribute to the fans, telling them things that struggled, not the wrestlers.
The wrestlers earn more money to make a film to thank fans to start fans by paying $ 5 to see a pot-humour film.
The WCW is zero and this film is just a two -hour pathetic advertisement to watch it.
If you are going to watch Wrestling Watch WWF, it's actually entertaining.
The struggle is intended, they are funnier, more diverse and have better entry themes.
Oh and the girls are warmer.
Are the films that have become, 2-hour advertisements that you have to pay to see?
Do not waste your money.