For a film with such deep religious and spiritual shades, it is surprising to find the messenger: the story of Joan d'Arc such an impious disorder.
From the beginning to the mid -1400s, there was little spiritual light that shines from the heart of a man or a woman.
The church was a dark and oppressive place.
France was involved in "the war of the hundreds of years" against England.
There was no strong political leadership in the country.
The morale was low, there was little hope for the future.
It is in this context that a young Frenchwoman began to hear "voices" and to see "visions".
Convinced that they were messages from God, she cheerfully demanded to see the dolphin in order to send him the message directly.
The message: if he gave him an army to command, she would deliver the crown to him.
he does ...
And she does it.
Then, once sitting on the throne, he abandoned him to his English captors.
Director Luc Besson (the fifth element) may have co-written the script, but he never seemed to have a good handful on the material.
The inconsistencies of the distribution, the confusing vagueness of violent battle scenes, the inappropriate musical score and the absence of a dynamic vital force at the center of the film are added to a largely disappointing final product which is often involuntary.
His biggest error was to throw his wife, Milla Jovovich (the fifth element) in the title role.
Ms. Jovovich, looks spectacular that Joan, dressed in battle armor, califourchon on a horse protected in the same way.
If the looks were sufficient to completely transmit a character, she would have been brilliant.
As is not the case, she tried (and failed) to act the game.
His Joan is unbalanced, "inspiring" the troops simply by shouting with Stidental and waving his banner or his sword above her head as a woman possessed.
John Malkovich (being John Malkovich) hears a little better as a dolphin, that Joan would see on the throne like Charles VII.
An easily manipulated man, his weakness of character prefigures the betrayal of Joan who would lead to his death.
Faye Dunaway (the Thomas Crown affair) gives a strong performance in a minimum screen time as a dolphin's mother-in-law and chief advisor.
The army under the command of Joan is made up of comic figures, more stucks than soldiers.
The only exception would be Tcheky Karyo (the Nikita woman) as Dunois, the man who led the attack before Joan's arrival.
By trying to plan a systematic campaign, he sees his leadership authority denied by Joan's insistence on the rest of his "visions".
Dustin Hoffman (Sphere) has a little inhuman role as a conscience of Joan who begins to speak to him while waiting for the trial.
Dressed like a masked monk, he leads her to doubt herself and her "revelations".
also she should.
The entries speak of revelation.
God, via his gift from the Holy Spirit, is able to communicate to men.
Three of the nine manifestations of the Holy Spirit listed in 1 Corinthians 12 deal with the reception of the revelation.
These are: word of knowledge, word of wisdom and discernment of minds.
Even the Scriptures themselves are the result of God which gives a revelation to his "Holy Men.
who spoke as they were moved by the Holy Spirit (i. E.
by revelation.) "
But the Scriptures also warn us:
 "Beloved, do not believe all spirits, but try the spirits if they are of God: because many false prophets have come out in the world."
1 John 4: 1 [KJV]
The end of Joan, (being burned on the pyre at the age of 19), the frenzy (crowd rule) and luxat blood its forged inspiration, and death, pain or suffering that followed its campaignemphasize a diabolical rather thanpious influence.
Although her conviction and her intense belief remain an admirable quality, she was, as others have already been and since then, misleaded by the spiritual master of deception.
As a messenger, she was quite effective .
She was just confused as to the message she bore.