Is this not the ultimate sign of the film ineptus of a film when you can't think of much about this other than "it sucks"?
One of the first official releases of the year 2000, Supernova is such a film.
I cannot go beyond the adjectives of a word with this one, although "boring", "stupid" and "absurd" does not return to a revision.
a shame .
I could have saved the chore of trying desperately to develop.
But that's life.
Nothing is going here.
I will keep it short.
I guess the first bad omen for Supernova came when director Walter Hill (48 hours) deleted his name from the film, asking that he be replaced by the pseudonym Thomas Lee.
The fate of the film has been sealed in many minds when the MGM difficulty studio refused to project it for the press, an event generally meaning the lack of confidence of a studio in a particular film.
Hill and MGM's actions were careful.
When the captain of the Nightingale medical space ship dies in a tragic hyperjump accident, a reformed drug addict which is also the first officer, for any reason (James Spader) is forced to take command.
The ship receives a distress call from a neighboring planet and, upon arrival, collects an survivor of an apparent accident in an abandoned mining colony.
One of the members of the crew (Angela Bassett) knows this passenger, who is played by Peter Facinelli, and has bad feelings on this subject - and we all know what it means.
This intergalactic hitchhiking carries a mysterious cargo - a jelly substance whose goal is unknown, although it seems to bring a form of pleasure to the one who touches it.
Another member of the crew experiences this first hand; after spending a few minutes in part inside this GOO GLOB, he makes impressive pumps.
Obviously, touching this enigmatic thing in the shape of an egg makes you younger and stronger.
how ?
Why ?
The film never cares to explain.
Soon however, Spader and Bassett run around the ship like a madman, to continue the Facinelli All-Superhuman.
To be honest, I don't even remember exactly why.
I just remember that I didn't care.
Supernova's intrigue suggested more or less interesting ideas, such as the goo ball being an intergalactic time bomb, but they are all abandoned before having a chance to become something really intriguing.
In fact, everything fell just so that the actors can have fun running which looks like an elaborate whole.
Well, the effects are good, although there is hardly a studio film with bad special effects these days, so I don't know if it is such a remarkable accomplishment.
The performances are not worth speaking.
I'm not even sure I can call what is "performances" here, although Angela Bassett is good to give people their finger.
James Spader is not a bad actor, but he turns out to be one of the most blatant action stars that I have seen for some time, mainly because he has no character with a personality.
The action scenes are just as bland, because they are almost just elements of action that were not particularly entertaining the first time.
And as the action scenes are all in this film, it is almost dead in the water.
And for the life of me, I can't understand why it's called Supernova.