There? There is nothing like a bloody anime.
Really, and it's the truth, no other genre in the film is doing with such violence without a word in the media on this subject.
With the anime, a common shot looks at a body quickly cut in half, and the rest of the interior falling in second after.
This is a standard practice in the anime, or at least the half-dozen titles that I have seen.
Vampire Hunter D is a bloody and bloody film.
If they made a live version of the film, it would be prohibited in several countries and received a note somewhere below XXX.
Isn't it? S Gore is unique - is he like the other bloody anime - but this one was supposed to stand out because of the complexity? S History, characters, animation, etc ...
It really didn't do it.
It was disgusting and horrible, which overshadowed the story, the little that there were.
It seems that in future vampires not too far away and evil controls the world, because God knows that our local police forces can simply? He seems to have controlled vampires in films.
One evening, a blonde peasant, drawn to look at 17 and innocent (a prefiguration that we will see her naked, I quote very early in the shower or in a rape scene) is fighting the evil in her local foreshore quandelle preserverOn the private property of a vampire of ten thousand years (insert the joke of Strom Thurmand here.)
Of course, he has never put an offense? Sign on his courtyard, so we can really blame her, but anyway turned upside down and demands punishment.
She gets the mandatory bite on the neck (isn't that other places to get blood?
It seems that a bite in the elbow would be quite well.
If it is good enough for doctors to prefer blood, then why do vampires move away from this view?)
To fight fate, she enlist the help of a mysteriously large, dark and beautiful vampire hunter (you guessed it, her name is D).
The vampire hunter is torn between fighting vampires, being attracted by the 17 -year -old peasant and finding reasons not to talk too much.
You see, like all the heroes of this kind of stories, he is a incubator, who? The only goal of life is to stay really, really silent.
When he talks, that? S in the clichés.
Heroes like this are bad when they are live, even worse when animated.
Later, the vampire hunter burst into the castle to meet the big bad vampire, who wants to marry the peasant because he?Hunter D will rush to save her in time?
Will we see blood and intestines splashing on all imaginable places?
There? The defense of S, the animation, by focusing on being original rather than the recycling of anime slices, could sometimes be original.
The hand that speaks was intelligent - and I think the inspiration for a logo linked to the roller board.
And that? is the best defense that I can think of.
I understand that Vampire Hunter D is supposed to be a favorite among anime fans, but I don't really do it?
He is an excuse to look at blood flowing, the blood exploding ocular tablecloths and horses, and above all, like all violent anime, it is an excuse to see the animated breasts.
Why ?
What is the purpose of that?
Maybe I have to understand the genre and look beyond the obsessive gore and the MySogny.
I am not a prude, I don't do it justified.
He puts himself so far in front of the film that everything else is lost.
Is there a Necceste to see a 17-year-old in the shower?
Of course, right? Is it for shock.
He is tasteless and despicable.