"Come on, silent bob!
We are going to Hollywood. "
With Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Will Ferrell, Shannon Elizabeth, Seann William Scott, Chris Rock, Jason Lee, Ben Affleck.
Directed by Kevin Smith.
to classify.
Jay and Silent Bob Stike Back are a stupid film disguised in a Smomy interior.
Kevin Smith, who comes out of the wonderful dogma, fills him with gross jokes on the trip on the road and expects to buy it because he is just oh-si-ironique.
But when a film is so aware of oneself that it only becomes of itself, you can hardly pay to be admitted.
Jay and Silent Bob, two Stoners of New Jersey who hang out at the door of the convenience store selling the pot, appeared in almost all the films of Smith, but, if I am not mistaken, I have not played in one untilnow.
They discover that there is a film based on comics which is based on their production in Hollywood.
This presents two problems: a) They did not receive a penny in royalties and b) the Nerds on the Internet ("What is the Internet?")
talk about the waste of them.
What is it to do except go to Hollywood and prevent this film from being made?
On the way - they are hitchhiking, because who knew you needed tickets to take a bus?
- They meet a group of hotties who claim to be with a group of animal rights, but are really jewelry thieves who parade in Charlie Angels style outfits.
Of course, they placed Jay and Silent Bob to look like thieves, so that there is a massive man hunt for the second half of the film.
Will Ferrell, who again turns out to be incapable of doing something other than sketches, presents himself as the marshal inspector of fauna who thinks that the two stole a monkey.
The film will probably only like unconditional fans of Smith; everyone will criticize this stupid and stupid effort following the sophisticated cinema that he has produced over the past years.
Any call that the film will come from "in" jokes, most of which I think I understood, but the film is "in" to the point of absurdity.
There must be something that keeps him other than his own sufficiency.
Once Jay and Silent Bob go to Hollywood, the film suddenly passes from the coarse comedy to a ridiculously wide Hollywood satire.
Innumerable stars and "hot" cinema personalities appear, veterans of Smith Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in Wes Craven, but Jay and Silent Bob strike to use such low gags like any other sequence with a monkey likethe killer.
get it?
They are so desperate for another film, they lacked ideas and used a monkey!
a monkey !
As often happens with writers who work below what they are really capable of, most of the very good lines are throwing, while the large meticulous gags fall mainly.
One of the funniest lines of the film passes: when asked to comment on the clitoris (don't ask), Jay replies: "The female clitoris?"
Kevin Smith is a talented writer (although I agree that his films would be better if they let a real director take the bar), and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is due to his promise to make a more facetious film.
Unfortunately, it is also informed, useless and largely funny.
Smith's "verbal trampoline", as Ben Affleck once called her his distinctive dialogue, took a rear seat with his doubtful instincts as a populist filmmaker.
It was supposed to be the film that did not offend anyone, but it is offensive because it is terrible.