One of the most unwanted thriller trends in the 90s returns from the grave: this is the film "___ from Hell"!
From the early 90s, we were subjected to almost all the imaginable combinations of relations compared to the Hell!
There were little friends from hell, friendly neighborhood cops of hell, nannies of hell and even secretaries of hell.
But Hush found an old watch that was somehow forgotten in the rush: the mother-in-law of hell !!!!!
The mother-in-law in question is Martha, played by Jessica Lange.
She alone directed the family farm, K Kills.
His son, Jackson (Johnathon Schaech) and his girlfriend, Helen (Gwyneth Paltrow), live in New York, and have no intention of going back to the south to the Rural Kormronan.
But these intentions are about to change.
You see, Martha lives by manipulation.
She used it over the years spent to raise many championship horses.
Now she believes that she can use it to reproduce a grandson.
Although at the beginning, Helen finds Martha Charming, she is soon taken in Martha's deception network.
It is difficult to understand why nobody ever cares about Martha's plans.
As written, most characters in the film must be very slow.
But then the film even treats the public as idiots.
He tries to get away with things (like leaving a critical evidence in a rather improbable place) without even hitting an eye.
Again, an audience that accepts characters as superficial as it is not one that is likely to question the details.
Martha de Jessica Lange is the only semi-developed character in the film, and she applies her talents to buy him as much as she can.
A character who could have been simply horrible is simply worthy of groaning.
Gwyneth Paltrow doesn't have much to rely, because the only character trait of Helen seems to be a "daughter-in-law".
However, she is doing better than Johnathon Schaech, whose character is so nonexistent, he inexplicably lacks for a large part of the film.
However, there were "_____ from Hell" films.
Even with his thin characters of paper and ridiculous configurations, Hush manages to create a few strong sensations in a color way for example.
You know what is coming, but sometimes the film will produce a shock or two.
The old formulas are there for a reason, but that does not mean that they have a fresh taste.