Written by Alex Cox, Tod Davies, Terry Gilliam and Tony Grisoni
Directed by Terry Gilliam
I always preferred mushrooms with blotting acid.
Droping acid falls, it is like climbing on roller coasters, you do not know where the peaks and the valleys are, no idea when the next terrifying decent will make your stomach in your throat,And no idea of the duration of driving.
Then there is the hard knot in your intestine and the tight teeth that come with a dose of strychnine.
Mushrooms, on the other hand, offer the psychedelic equivalent of a quiet driving on a ferris wheel: a stable and reassuring consent, a short period of movement and exciting color, then a gentle landing.
The acid is for daredevils; mushrooms are intended for researchers refined with joy.
My point is that in fear and disgust in Las Vegas, director Terry Gilliam made an acid film, while I would have liked to make a mushroom film.
Lots of shocking gags of view, aggressive images and grotesque comic performances, the film certainly offers something for Hunter fans. The book of Thompson who wants to live his vision of the twisted pharmacological world from the inside.
But for those of us who just want to enjoy a well -made film, Gilliam produced a mixed bag.
Fear and disgust tell a ostensibly true story of the way the journalist "Gonzo" self -proclaimed Hunter S.Thompson (Johnny Depp) and the Hispanic militant lawyer Oscar Zeta Actosta (Benicio Del Toro) came to Las Vegas to cover aMotorcycle race and found themselves trapped in the middle of the convention of a district prosecutor while ingesting all the imaginable drugs available for a Moyenen man 1971.
operating under the pseudonyms of "Raoul Duke" and "Dr.
Gonzo ", the two men Caen in Vegas on a bent of acid and mescaline, then ended up in a series of hotels to frequent himself on nitrite of Amyl, cocaine, tequila and an arc-Multiple high and low-cuffs.
They terrorize all those they meet, mainly because each they meet terrified.
Duke Hallucine The giant bats en route to the city, then is attacked by horrible lizards in the casino lounge.
Dr.Gonzo becomes in love with a thick blade hunting knife and begs Duke to throw the band player in the bathtub with him just like Jefferson Airplane's "white rabbit" reaches his peak.
And these guys are not only hotel rooms - they violate them, humiliate them and let them dead.
The fact that none of them ends up having died or in prison testifies to the blind luck or Providence, from your point of view.
Thompson's book, in addition to being a hilarious reading, resisted the test of time as an important historical document.
He simultaneously exposed the drug culture of the 1960s for the simulation she was and exposed Las Vegas as the place where the American dream came to die.
Pontify everything you want on how the film illustrates Thompson's message, but the truth is that, stripped of its essential elements, what Gilliam did is a drug comedy.
It's a Cheech and Chong film.
You are there to watch Depp and del Toro ingest a lot of chemicals, then laugh at the results: see Johnny take drugs, see Johnny fall.
There is nothing wrong with this concept, but Gilliam tries too hard.
This is a frantic film - all the underwarming close -ups, the objectives at wide angle, the Dutch inclinations and the lighting patterns of another world.
There are times when Gilliam really puts a convincing performance of an acidic trip on the screen.
But at what end?
A large part of the dialogue comes from the word of Texin from Thompson's book, and there are invaluable comic observations.
But you have trouble hearing or digesting them in the middle of all the mixed camera work.
It brings us to performance, which seems to me that everything is bad.
DEPP plays Thompson while Groucho Marks filtered through George C.Scott in Patton - a Gimmicky performance that works against the biting satire of Thompson's dialogue.
Between his several scenes of vomiting, Del Toro dried up bett Uh like Dr.Gonzo, but he also mumbles and spits so much from his lines that their weight is lost.
Watching these two made me wish that the film was shot twenty years ago, with Dan Akroyd and John Belushi as the tracks - now it would have been something to do.
It is interesting to note that Alex Cox, credited as a co-writer on the scenario, was originally to lead before Gilliam took over.
So many fan that I am the work of Gilliam, Cox would have been the best choice.
Sid and Nancy, the best work of Cox, essentially covered the same subject, but Cox was able to withdraw and allow the characters of Sid Vicious and Nancy SPUNGEN to wear the film.
Gilliam commits sin composed of over-the-way of his film while being uncertain of his goal.
What kind of film was he trying to make anyway?
He is not trying to be an edifying story, and that does not work like a large comedy.
If he had considered his goal more carefully, the result would have been a much more interesting film.
But I don't want to be too hard on it.
There are really funny moments, and if you are in a good mood, you could take a kick.
However, I recommend looking at fear and disgust at Las Vegas under the influence of your favorite controlled substance - I guarantee that it will improve the effect.