Everyone knows this old rule, "Never work with children and animals. '
In the latter case of horror, it is "never to work with genetically improved children and animals of killers", because Mimic presents both and succeeds in doing nothing, except slightly engaging the public.
The film begins in New York, where we see children die of a mysterious disease, which is transported by cockroaches.
Dr.Susan Tyler (Sorvino) creates a genetically improved bug (the "Judas" breed), which is designed to kill all cockroaches.
The bug does its job, the cockroaches all die, and the terror has disappeared.
"Three years later" appears on the screen, and we discover that the Judas race is back, bigger than ever and ready to kill.
The rotation of this bug, however, is that it can imitate its predator, and in this case .... it is
humans.
This should teach us to crush all of these bugs.
Which should be a roller coaster with insects everywhere, tons of bloody dead and massive decorations are rather a rather moderate and almost annoying film that works at a very slow pace.
Maybe the film was trying to be aroused reflections and trying to avoid the "Predator" type film that he could easily have become.
If this is the case, the director and the writers did the bad blow, because this is perfectly suited to be an All Out Action festival.
The director, who bought us Cronos, a much superior film, directed the film in a calm and frankly dull film.
There are few exciting sequences, but just many people who speak.
If the dialogue was intelligent, then it would go, but it is unfortunately babbling.
In fact, the script is very low and the characterizations not much better. Sorvino and the company are as 2D as the characters, the script does not care to develop them.
There is an action in this film, but it is done in such a boring way, it's just exasperating to watch.
The camera cuts everywhere, unpleasant the public, and instead of involving the public in the action, that simply alienates them.
The performance is O.K, so slightly lower than the average.
Sorvino is O.K, although it is not very good to transmit terror, or anything really emotion.
Support actors are all sterotypes, with characters such as a large black security goalkeeper with a nauseating mouth, a geek scientist with glasses and what could be the most stereotypical Mexican "old time" ever.
Their reasonable pleasure, however.
Mimic can therefore fail with its story, its rhythm and its characters, but the film looks good.
Like Dark City, Mimic is a case of certain content style.
It may be a little too dark for its good, but the sets are beautiful, and certain parts of the film are well made.
But the looks are not good enough to save Mimic from the depths of Mediocre, somewhere where it should not really belong.
A good opportunity, then, wasted.
a shame .
Global note = David Wilcock exam? 1998