"The Animal" is a marginally inspired comedy that only gets down, still generating enough momentum to prevent it from calculating.
It's clumsy and slow, like watching an 18 wheels try to speed up a hill.
There are certainly better things that you can do with your time.
In fact, if you've seen the trailer, you already know the plot and have seen its funniest moments.
The story focuses on Bland Marvin (Rob Schneider), who is committed to the proofs in the local police service which aspires to be a real officer.
But he is afflicted by the loser-Itis.
Dogs attack him, neighbors torment him, children intimidate him and his colleagues ignore him.
To tell the truth, with his bad haircut (apparently modeled after bizarre al Yankovic, Little Richard and Giant Poodles) and his non -enthusiastic behavior, we would probably launch tomatoes just for fun.
It's really bad because you can't like a character if you can't develop sympathy for him.
We never do it, and it is perhaps as well as he drives a cliff and falls on the canyon floor.
However, Marvin is found by an eccentric doctor (Michael Caton) who uses a radical and experimental procedure to save him, setting up our DOOFUS with various parts and organs of animals.
Consequently, Marvin develops increased senses and an increase in agility and speed.
He can feel hidden drugs anywhere on a body, swim with the speed of a dolphin and can run as fast as a cheetah.
Imagine the comic possibilities that arise from this operation.
With his improved abilities, he could now collect revenge on all those who avoided him.
However, the spirit of the film takes a hot turn, and instead, Marvin spends most of his time trying to master or satisfy his voracious appetite and his animal animal desires.
The goats want!
He also pursues cats, urine to mark his territory or growled at his enemies.
What he should have done was to stick his head in the sand like an ostrich.
Just as tenuous is his other current joke, which implies one of his friends (Guy Torry) who constantly complains that everyone treats him too much because he is black.
 "This is reverse racism," he said when he blows smoke in the faces of foreigners, but none of them says anything.
This element does not work the first time it has been mentioned, and it becomes more and more commonplace with each recurrence.
You don't need to be as wise as a owl to realize that "the animal" is tamed.
If there is a reason to see this film, it is to see Colleen Haskell who makes his debut on the big screen.
Remember her?
She was elected in week 11 of the 13 -week program, "Survivor".
Here, she plays the sunny romantic interest of Marvin.
Although her role required very little real action, she seemed very comfortable (even when Marvin licks the side of her face like a running -in dog ... Buck!).
With her adorable arrangement, her radiant smile and her playful innocence, she could be a Meg Ryan in the making.
It's a shame that she is in such a mediocre offer