Films like six days, Seven Nights drivest me crazy because talented people like Harrison Ford, Anne Heche and Ivan Reitman have put a lot of work in a script of approximately ten hundred.?
The script was written by Michael Browning, and he decided that, instead of thinking of new ideas, he would reshuffle a lot of shots, even omitted the slightest development of the character, then threw pirates of drugs to meet the needs of aof action of action and high -level explosions.?
There are good scripts that high -level actors can do (see the Truman show, for example).?
Six days, seven nights is simply a waste.
Let's see.
 .
 .
We have to get Harrison Ford and Anne Héche alone on an island.
So how do we do that ??
Well, we will make her a fiery magazine editor, and we will make him an old crisp driver.
But wait, she must have a fianc?
But wait, if she has a fianc? E, how will she and Harrison Ford crash alone on the island ??
I know !?
They will go to their vacation place, then it will be recalled!?
Yessssss!?
So they will crash on the island, and it will be funny for about five minutes.?
thin .
Oh, I have it!?
We are going to throw a distractioning intrigue in which her fianc has sex with a truly attractive woman who acts like a bimbo, then he can feel guilty.
Then, when Anne Héche kisses Harrison Ford (they have to kiss, because otherwise nobody wants to see the film), it will be a justified action, because her fianc? We have already cheated on it!?
Then, for no obvious reason, they will accidentally collide with hackers who will try to kill them.?
Oh yes !?
I feel so well in this story.?
Instead of using characterization to propel events, it will be completely random and yet completely predictable!?
Imagine that.
Do not get me wrong - six days, seven nights is not a boring image; Ford and Heche do both an excellent job.?
The sparks fly between them, and therefore most of Browning's stupid dialogue is drowned by the pure talent force of the actors.
 Almost every scene between them has energy that the artists bring to the screen, and I found myself laughing quite strong.?
Schwimmer is also funny and manages to milked all his scenes for everything he can get.?
And Reitman, who made good films, at least tries to make things exciting.?
Even if the pirate sub -intrigue is deeply stupid, I was ready to be pleasantly diverted by action sequences.
It's just when I'm starting to think about the story that my contempt for this film is surfaced.?
The image has the impression that it was hacked in pieces - I would not be surprised if five or six incompetent lower intrigues had been completely edited.?
Those who are here are as bad as they come (I think I let out a very audible groan when they have the first glimpse of pirate ships), and I would just like to shake the producers by shoulders and cry, "Why did you choose this horrible script! "
The film is completely stupid, but some elements are subtly horrible.?
For example, take the sub -intrigue in which the character of Schwimmer has sex with the bimbo, then feels really guilty?
This is a serious problem in real life, but six days, seven nights reduce any chance of complexity to a weak plot device:? Its actions are what allows Héche to kiss Ford.?
In a script that even lacks an overview of intelligent subtlety, I find it strange that such a strangely insulting apparatus has found itself in history.
This is the season of summer films, but it does not mean that our films must be stupid.?
1998 has so far been one of the worst years of recent memory for summer blockbusters.?
When I was online for six days, seven nights, I heard the woman in front of me asking "two tickets for this new Harrison Ford film".
 ? Why didn't she know the name of the film ??
I guess she didn't care about it .
 What bothers me even more is that people who make these big budget images do not realize that their films become parodies of themselves.
The right actors should sign with good scripts, and if Hollywood insists on making films to rattle in cash, they could do the least, it is to assume that we would like to spend our money on a story of more than ten valuecents.