new address .
Same old attitude.
Do not forget to recommend a film, read the newspaper or send me some of this bad hatred mail.)
With Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Liv Tyler, Ben Affleck written by Jonathan Hensleigh and J.J
Abrams directed by Michael Bay
It is currently, many rocks fly towards us or of us, in slow or fast movement, at several times in the film.
They seem to be dangerous rocks because they have somehow turned into the air instead of simply propeling forward, and when they have been landing for some time, when we need a break in space sequences,They cause enough damage to destroy the Chrysler and Lecomme building.
 (The mention of these apocalyptic events is not made after their arrival.)
They could also be the most interesting element of Armageddon, the response of a steroid user to a deep impact.
Bruce Willis embodies Harry Stamper, a famous oil arrival commanded by the White House and NASA to stop a giant asteroid before he travels beyond the "zero barrier" and destroys our planet.
Why an oil driller?
They need an experienced person with a deep mine to plant a nuclear missile in said asteroid.
 (In involuntarily (?)
Hilarious sequence, NASA asks Harry to inspect a driller deeply at the heart that they have built according to his own plans; he is badly constructed by criticizing almost all the aspects of it.
We trust NASA to build space shuttles that can land on swirling asteroids?)
Harry assembles the compulsory group "Ragtag" by "Cowboys", including a blond guy, a big guy, a black black, a sage and the man who sleeps with his daughter (Affleck).
Once they have reached space, we experience the sequence after the sequence of something that is wrong - maybe the fact that they have sent a pile of nincompops to space has something to seeWith that; I cannot count the number of times they almost fail the mission on all my fingers and toes.
Whether or not they save the day, I will not reveal.
You won't worry about it either.
I will say this: you know you are in trouble when Deep Impact Eclipse your asteroid film in terms of emotion and scope.
Willis barely has a chance to come to life; ditto for Affleck.
Their large scenes are mainly reserved for the third act, in a last minute and futile to inject heat into the material.
The character of Steve Buscemi - Les Sages - is exceptionally problematic.
 "Rockhound", as he calls it, is sarcastic and stupid, so they knock it on a chair, where it spends most of the film.
So why did they bring him up there to start?
Rather, why write it in the film?
His almost serious networks with serious Willis, who are scowling and making fun and demonstrates psychotic trends: at one point, he continues after rifles with his hunting rifle for having dropped his daughter, often pulling and causing significant damage toits oil platform.
I suppose that he qualifies under the directives of NASA as someone inability to travel in space, at least in my world where the sky is blue.
Liv Tyler is pretty and without humor, as always, four of the songs from the group of his father ("Aerosmith") adorn the soundtrack.
Director Michael Bay establishes the visual and sound effects on the thick, like the ketchup, ultimately drowning the film on the screen.
 (The intermediate time is a non -sensitive pyrotechnic assault on the brain of the average primate.)
Each time someone dies in this film, a crew member inevitably shouts "we have lost (insert the family name dead here)!"
I must admit that not once I could not distinguish an astronaut of oil dead from an oil of living oil, and the close -ups of the faces of the corpses under the cracked helmets provided little help, because their skinwas often covered with false blood.
Armageddon is not a film as terrible as Godzilla.
It looks more pleasant and has fewer intrigue holes in its equally ridiculous setting.
He has a lively soundmix.
But almost two and a half hours, I could not believe how much the little happened during history. The love story was played in advertisements, perhaps hoping to catch people before recovering from Titanic-fever.
Bollocks!
Film lovers are miles away from each other throughout the Eras of all nude or car sex and replacement thoughts with compulsory photos from Liv Tyler while Ben Affleckbreaks in a moon ramp.
Remember a short film called Jaws?
In this film, three men with an independent spirit suddenly found themselves on a fishing boat in search of a deadly shark.
They didn't love each other much at first; in the end, they started to respect each other.
One of the big jaws stages involved future anemia to drink and sing songs and tell stories.
It is the kind of male foreigner abroad to the bay or his producer, Jerry Bruckheimer, who throws too many characters in the mixture and we expect us to worry about them on the grounds that the worldis about to end.
Not once, we do not have the impression that these characters are even knowledge - I would be surprised if these actors took the trouble to appear to each other before "the action" was called.
A male friend who loved the film suggested that I may not relate to a group of men who do not harm their souls, who believe in dying macho concepts like heroism and a kind of braveryBeating the chest.
To this, I will reply that Armageddon's boys are neither heroic, courageous nor intelligent, even: this team could not build a nest box.
And if I have no respect for not having a film with all the synthetic feeling of a trailer -a trailer of a film written by a team of culturalists and authors of the greeting card -I have never been a virgin wimpstone all my life.