The last of Wolfgang Petersen, The Perfect Storm, is like a pineapple.
It doesn't taste good after the coat and arduous excavation - if you try to eat the fruits, the tips and everything, it will hurt? A little.
Ok, it may be a confusing analogy, so here is my main complaint concerning the last film of the nature of the battles of man: there is not really a lot of history to tell.
Basically, a Massachusetts fishing team goes out at sea on a small boat, called Andrea Gail, and is stuck in the middle of "the storm of the century".
How long does Petersen take to tell this story?
not enough.
He therefore spends the majority of the film to develop useless side stories which finally become superfluous.
The public wants to see the storm, they want to see a fight for survival, but what they get is a lot of cliché and sullen starks.
The last quarter of the perfect storm is perfectly perfect in all aspects, but simply try to last the first three quarters.
I have not yet read the perfect storm of Sebastian Junger, but from what I heard, it is an unforgettable story.
Based on a true story, the book must have found another way of presenting the characters because in the cinematographic version, the approach is weak.
Using a wonderfully patriotic partition by James Horner, Petersen almost hides banality in front.
Immediately, the central characters are presented: the grainy and determined captain (George Clooney), the ingenuate (Mark Wahlberg) torn between his work and his girlfriend (Diane Lane), the loving father (John c. Reilly),The comic relief that is still trying to get fucked (John Hawkes), the new guy (William Fichtner) who immediately antagonizes a crew and the French guy (Allen Payne).
So many problems strike the film's opening segment that the remaining parties suffer directly.
It is not the fault of the distribution of the stars, just the characters designed for their representation.
The character of Allen Payne never speaks in the whole film, not because he is silent, but because he has never given lines!
Are we supposed to tell a guy whose face and voice we have never had the opportunity to interact?
The character of Fichtner is terribly underdeveloped-we do not know what he is doing there, where he comes from, nor who he is supposed to be.
The remaining four fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes (Hawkes said to an unknown woman in a scene "Do you know what was fine with you?
Me !"
Creative real ooooh).
As the script advances and Andrea Gail floats more in the waters, the crew continues not to feel human.
It is only when the storm takes the front of the stage that the film jumps from its drowsiness.
The images generated by computer of gigantic waves crash into a defenseless boat are thunderous.
I can only imagine if it was an IMAX film, this child in the city would certainly never go into the water.
It is noisy entertainment and shaking - adjectives that completely cancel the rest of the film.
The perfect storm was unfortunately a disappointment.
The maelstrom was up to its potential, but everything else failed to do so.
I guess I will stick to this other survival show? Do you know the one on CBS?