In the 1980s, Chuck Norris was synonymous with action films.
He could not, of course, not at the top of the success and the fame of big action names like Sylvester Stallone or Arnold Schwarzenegger, but the pure quantity of his films guaranteed that he was the familiar name among aficionados of the genus Shot'Em and Beat'em up.
This quantity was mainly provided by Cannon Group, a prolific production company that dominated the B films market in the previous decade by flooding it with cheap, formula and, most often inaccessible products.
The Hitman, a 1991 action thriller produced by Chuck's brother, Aaron, is one of the last of them.
Chuck Norris embodies here the Seattle Trayid cop, pulled and left for dead by his partner (which should not surprise anyone, taking into account that the partner is played by Michael Parks, specialized for roles of generally very nasty characters).
Surviving the shooting, the cop is declared dead and hired as a deep infiltrated agent.
He infiltrates the circles of the underground world in Seattle and became their hitman, using his capacities to start the brutal war between three major criminal organizations - Italians, French Canadians and Iranians.
Since it is rather absurd to expect a great acting capacity of Chuck Norris, at least not in this kind of film, the biggest attraction of this film should have been the action.
Well, the action in this film falls flat - it is boring, repetitive and not at all exciting.
It is nothing more than a series of monotonous scenes that contains too brutal violence even for this type of film.
We know very little about the character of Norris while, on the other hand, gangsters are represented with more human dimension.
In the end, we are almost sorry for them because they are shown completely helpless against Norris and his unstoppable and bloody crusade.
During the film, someone obviously became aware of this problem, so the screenwriter introduced the secondary intrigue dealing with the black boy who is adopted by Norris.
This caused another problem - all questions about the nature of this relationship had to be canceled with another secondary intrigue - this one dealing with Lady Avocat who sleeps with the hero and is killed after having fulfilled this scenario obligation.
The photograph of this film is dark, the setting is depressive and this piece of style of style cinema from the 1980s leaves viewers without any reason to justify the time and half spent watching it.