Ah, and 1999 were going as well.
 "It is all this" has the dubious distinction of being the worst film that I have seen so far this year.
And frankly, I doubt that I will see something so bad.
 (At least I hope * I don't see anything bad).
 "She is all this" tells the story of the most popular guy in the school (played by Freddie Prinze Jr.) who accepts a bet to transform the most geek girl in the school (Rachel Leigh Cook) in the mostpopular.
This is there, this is the problem n ° 1.
How many times have we seen this scenario?
While Cook comments towards the end of the film, "it's a bit like" Pretty Woman ", except without prostitution".
Of course, if the filmmakers had tried to try something new with this equipment, the well -used scenario would have been a device to propel the film.
As it stands, however, "it is all that" relies * completely * on the gearful and overused formula to push it.
There is not an original or interesting character in the film either, and if it was not bad enough, there is not a good performance presented.
The film star, Rachel Leigh Cook, is simply horrible.
I generally do not like to become so personal, but in this case, I think it must be said.
Cook carries the same expression throughout the film and seems to have a moment as miserable as me.
I was never convinced that she was a "Nerd", and her transformation was not convincing and useless.
The film seems to say that it is better to be popular than to be who you are.
As for Freddie Prinze Jr., an actor that I normally appreciate, also is quite bad here.
He crosses the film on the so-called charm and never establishes a real character.
Kieren Culkin is also there, as Cook's brother.
And for an indistinguishable reason, it has hearing aids.
No explanation is given and they are never raised.
Were we supposed to feel * sorry * for him just because he was carrying hearing aids?
I do not think so .
This element of the film was one of the most offensive things I have seen in a film for a long time.
 "She's all" is zero.
This is what it comes down.
It is not entertaining, and it is not even a good past of time.
The time and a half of operation takes place more slowly than a 5 -minute hair hair removal system.
And the worst, he sends a bad message to adolescents.
It seems to say to them: "Hey, no matter if you are happy as you are.
It does not matter.
If you want * to be really happy, dress in the latest modes and act like a bubble cretin. "
UGH.