It is difficult to be a budding superhero at Champion City.
Simply ask Mr.Furious (Ben Stiller), Raja Bleu (Hank Azaria) and Pelleter (William H. Macy).
They try to enter the biz, but Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), the hero of the city Numero Uno, embarrassments all the action.
The good captain has his own problems.
Because he almost eliminated crime, Amazing's approval agreements fall.
The public aspires to a large slugfest, therefore incredible engineering the parole of his enemy both enemy Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush).
Frankenstein succeeds beyond the expectations; he captures the captain. Incrunt before leaving for his plan to destroy the city.
Thus, no one is left to save the day, but our alleged superheroes, but their capacities are more "Little League" than "Justice League".
The Raja launches fork for the enemies, the shovel strikes them with a shovel and MR.Furious shouts just on people (Stiller essentially makes the same character he played in an invited appearance on "Friends").
After a first painful strike, the guys hold hear for his teammates and add the bowling player (Janeane Garofalo), who carries the head of his dead father in his bowling ball; Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell), who cannot useHis powers only when no one looks at him; the spleen (Paul Reubens), which blows devastating winds from its back; and the Sphinx (Wes Studi), a mysterious figure that will teach them to fight.
 "Mystery Men" has one of the most talented and eclectic casts ever assembled.
In addition to those who are already mentioned, the credits include Lena Olin as a reduction in the evil of Frankenstein, the actor Eddie Izzard and the prakazrel of the Fugees Michel as a Disco thug) as another thug, Claire forlani (From "Meet Joe Black") as a servers Mr. Furious continues, Louise Lasser (from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman") as mother of Blue Raja, and actor / magician Ricky Jay as captain..
The casting includes four actors nominated at the Oscars!
When I saw the list of players at the start of last year, I thought that the result would be a comedy not to be missed.
However, I must point out the disappointment.
The script is probably the worst in 1999.
Almost all rare rare.
The doubts of the comics are too obvious to be funny.
 (For example, no one can recognize the incredible captain in his secret identity because he has glasses.)
Pet jokes surrounding the spleen are surprisingly the only gags that work.
The cast is trying hard, in particular Hank Azaria, whose character adopts an effective British accent in costume, but the script is too lame to run.