Sometimes a stellar distribution can compensate for a lot of things, and "Pushing Tin" certainly presents stars of names that go to places: Billy Bob Thornton, Cate Blanchett, Angelina Jolie and Oh yes John Cusack who might not goAccount at first, but he is actually the * veteran * among this quartet of beautiful people.
Sometimes a formidable cast like this can compensate for a treatment of the dull screen of an idea that has a "hip comedy" written everywhere, compensate for the management of the book but without inspiration, compensate for an unpleasant partition whichwould have someone other than the deaf tone for theortities, compensate for the cliché? D characterizations, compensate for embarrassing situations "You must joke".
etc .
In "Pushing Tin", Thornton, Blanchett, Jolie and Cusack have no land.
According to the opening sequence, the film is in great difficulty: the "original" credits, the passenger fakes turning in New York, and the music in Anne Dudley making us ask how itNever obtained this best original appointment for "the complete monty," without speaking won it.
But for my part, I was not yet ready to walk.
So quickly, we descend into a montage of closely edited air traffic controllers that shouts us in great capital letters, these people have difficult work, yes, with their frantic educational characters, miles at minute, juggling with planes and lifePassenger like some real and mid-air video game.
Hip, Cool and Demonic-Commissioner-Committee Demonic Nick "The Zone" Falzone (CUSACK) is the best in biz.
Of course .
Until the cooler, cooler and dressed in leather flyboy, in the form of Russell Bell (Thornton), comes to challenge the finished airspace of Falzone.
The boys will be boys and a heavy testosterone will begin to clear, then the Macho rise begins.
This does not stop seeing who can juggle three 747 in a cat's mustache.
Oh no .
There are broken hoop dreams, dreintests to see-and-i-drives, then to the ultimate force test: was it my wife with whom I saw last night?
Director Mike Newell ("four weddings and funerals") must have read a project different from this script because the one who is played up there between Newark, JFK and the Guardia does not have an ounce of subtlety, and Newell madeMovies terribly good and funny before.
The buffoonery of these air traffic controllers will make you cringe.
They will frown your eyebrows with disbelief.
They will constantly look at you.
but wait !
There are still 100 minutes left !!
The only saving grace of the film is Blanchett, of which Connie Falzone is a woman with a sinister and impetuous household of Long Island who wants to improve by following art courses.
It is a wonderful achievement for the beautiful actress who has already played an Australian red player ("Oscar and Lucinda") and a tumultuous British monarch ("Elizabeth").
But it is not enough to save the image.
Thornton looks great and performs solidly but his character is a joke.
Pretty (like the woman of Russell's death) is not bad, but the promising actress disappoints by allowing herself to be displayed as a toy.
Cusack cracks gum, puts on nuances and acts the hip everywhere but, like all the rest of the film, its performance is forced.
In the last ten minutes approximately, for an inexplicable reason, things are starting to come together and you are starting to have an idea of how this film could have been, like the teasing of the trailer.
But it is too little too late.
A beautiful casting side, "Pushing Tin" is nothing more than discomfort.