Tim Robbins and Martin Lawerce combine in this comedy of road films.
Robbins plays a leader who discovers his wife with sex with his boss.
He enters depression and trains his neighborhood until he arrives inside the usual side of the "ghetto" of each American city.
There, Lawerce tries to steal his car, but in vain, and is dragged with Robbin on a trip to Arizona.
There, they hold a store, are confused with two other thieves (as in my cousin Vinny) and are prosecuted by the police and the other thieves.
Of course, there are gags along the way, usually Lawerce.
Although the film is bias and completely observable, there is something so horribly familiar to all of this.
This film should really be called Beverly Hills Midnight Run, there is Lawerce with her magnification and heavy magnification, just like Eddie Murphy in Beverly Hills Cop, and the same idea of the same idea as Midnight Run.
It is full of all the shots of films on the road, and even has a car pursuit of the "comedy", which simply seemed eighty.
Even the credit sequence seemed to be out of a comedy by Steve Martin, or Chevy Chase.
Nor is there a lot of chemistry between Robbins and Lawernce.
In planes, trains and cars, there was real chemistry between Steve Martin and John Candy.
In no way to lose, there is little chemistry at all.
Towards the end, chemistry seems to work, but for most of the film, there is practically not,
The director makes the film in a way like a worker, but puts the jokes.
And although there is no chemistry between the two tracks, they give good performances by themselves.
Lawrence gives Eddie Murphy a good performance, and Robbin is so good.
However, Robbin's performance is far from being as good as the characters he played in the Jacob scale and the player.
In fact, if you want to see Robbin's comedy much better than in nothing to lose, I suggest you rent the Hudsucker proxy, where it is much funnier.
Nothing to lose, however, has fun moments.
Humor is not particularly sophisticated, but if you enople Dumb & Dumber, you could enjoy it.
The characters of Arizona are funny, and there is also a good scene where Robbin asks a merchant who `a threatening approach '' was better, the Lawrences (which consisted of Lawrence threatening to shoot the ass of the merchant andTo swear a lot), or himself (who (who (who had a deep and frightening voice in him) but the gags are predictable, the lack of infurrent chemistry and the end too far-fetched and "perfect"
Nothing to lose then, this is Robbin's first "bad" film (and let's hope it), and suggests that Odereick should twice before making another film.
He almost ruined Carrey's career with Ace Ventura: when nature calls, hope he has not ruined Robbin (or even that of Lawrence) with nothing to lose.