The fact that Charles Bronson represents one of the most important cinema icons of the 80s represents one of the most important and almost tragic irony of this decade.
The tragedy lies in the fact that the status of icon was won less by the quality of its work in the films, but the quantity.
Most of these films were produced by Cannon Group, a company led by Israeli producers Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus.
These two men probably thought they could be the next Roger Corman, B- cinematographic mentors of future Hollywood legends.
Unfortunately, that did not happen, and when Cannon finally went bankrupt at the end of the decade, behind her held the huge heap of cinematographic waste, this would require at least a few centuries before reaching the call ofcamp.
Unfortunately for Bronson, these garbage also contained many films in which this actor of character and action hero capable of the 1970s tried to raise their value simply by being the main leader and by reducing his own reputation in progress.
On the other hand, Bronson could comfort itself in a fact that these films were extremely popular, especially among the public 3 or 4 times younger than Bronson himself.
One of these films that seriously spoiled the reputation of Bronson is Death Wish 3, the third suite of the series that started with Death Wish in 1974.
In the original film, Bronson played Paul Kersey, New York architect, who turns into deadly street vigilante after his family is the victim of urban violence.
This film was far from being a masterpiece; However, director Michael Winner skillfully offered the cinematographic remedy for a very real disease of increasing crime rates of the time (in the same lines like Siegel in Dirty Harry).
Unfortunately, six years later, Cannon Group obtained rights on the character of Paul Kersey and began to destroy it by pumping outs; even the presence of its original director did not stop the rapid drop in quality.
Death Wish 3 begins when Kersey comes to visit an old friend, living in the urban wasteland of East New York, populated by young criminals and people who are too old or too poor to move.
Before the meeting, Kersey's friend was the victim of the street gang led by Evil Fraker (played by Gavan O'Herlihy, probably the only remarkable role in the film).
Kersey decides to avenge his death and slowly prepares for his crusade, while police inspector Shriker (Ed Lauter), ants to use it as a secret weapon in his losing war against urban crime.
Bronson, the main asset of this film, plays the character who is nothing more than an effective killing machine.
Although Bronson's charisma helps to overcome certain invaudes (a single man in the sixties and armed with a single pistoledans a film.
The authors of cinema were somewhat aware of this emotional superficiality, they therefore added a romantic interest in their hero - the public defender played by Deborah Raffin and ending conveniently in order to give more reasons for the Kersey Crusade.
On the other hand, emotions are much better played by confronting the respectful citizens of law, but ethnically stereotypical with their daily sworn enemy of street punks - quite ruthless to exercise their reign of terror on all the blocks of the city, and stupid enough to be killed en massepar Kersey.
Unfortunately, Michael Winner does not know how to determine the intrigue, and after having tortured viewers with mainly uninteresting characters and cliché and formulated situations, ends this film with a blow.
The great test of force at the end - which transforms East New York into a Sarajevo type battle zone - is probably the worst part of the film, due to the bad edition and cheap sets and accessories that give the small budget.
In short, this film could only be recommended to the most fanatic fans of Charles Bronson or for Th E people who are already desperate for the nostalgia for the 80s.
 (Special note for Trekkies: Marina Sirtis, the actress who played the advisor Deanna Troi in Star Trek: the next generation could be spotted in a small role of the Puerto Rican wife).