I have always been a fan of director Neil Jordan, of his first work, like "The Company of Wolves" from 1984 to "The Crying Game" from 1992 and "Interview with a Vampire" from 1992.
His latest film, "The Butcher Boy", is a return to its roots in Ireland, but unfortunately, it is not a successful return.
Tell through the eyes of a 12 -year -old Irish boy, Francis (the newcomer Eomann Owens), this particular film follows him while we learn a little about his resolutely unstable life.
His father (Stephen Rea) is an indifferent alcoholic, his mother (Fiona Shaw) is mentally ill and still in and outside the hospitals, and Francis himself is delighted to terrorize the mother of one of his friends after hebe forbidden to see it.
Francis is the type of boy who always has a lot to say, but who especially fluctuates between sarcasm and frightening honesty, and he quickly becomes obvious that he can very well be a little psychotic, even capable of brutal murder.
The premise of "The Butcher Boy" is the one that could very well have been transformed into a stimulating and disturbing film, but in a way nothing works.
Francis is in almost all stage, but we learn very little about him, as if the film was moving away from him when, I suppose, we were actually supposed to sympathize with him.
It is certainly not the fault of young Owens, however, because it gives a brilliantly precise performance, and may also seem threatening.
The fact that we are not approaching his character is because of the sloppy scenario.
However, support characters are not help.
Rea is wasted, and has practically no scene where he really speaks to his son, or someone else else.
He usually seems to be sitting watching television everywhere.
Shaw has a little more with who to work with, because she has a touching scene in which she speaks to Francis in a period of despair, but is out of the image just as we begin to know her.
And the singer Sinead O'Connor appears quite effectively as the Virgin Mary who sometimes gives advice to Francis.
The pace is quite in "The Butcher Boy".
Although history could have been dynamite, it moves at a slow and dead pace and I found my mind wandering from time to time.
It is also very episodic, because the developments in history pass without satisfactory gains.
At one point, Francis is sent back to a prison for minors, and a strange, perhaps sexual relationship, begins to develop between a priest and himself, but nothing comes.
I prefer to think of "The Butcher Boy", as a brief diversion for director Jordan, rather than a total failure.
He has already turned out to be a strong director, but he was lucky with this last film.
What could have been a courageous and disturbing study of a young boy emotionally disturbed, only manages to be an ineffective and non -involiating bore.