Some concepts seem clearly desperate from the start, a live version of MR.
Magoo being an excellent example.
The cartoon figure Mr.Magoo, the blind man clumsy, can be quite funny, but only in small doses and only within the limits of animated images.
If you think that the star of the Naked pistol, Leslie Nielsen, is a doubtful choice to play the role of the little guy who comes up against the walls, you are right, but there is an even more surprising selection.
For a director, they typed Stanley Tong in Hong Kong, whose CV consists mainly of a handful of films featuring the expert in martial arts Jackie Chan.
The story, as there is one, concerns a large stolen ruby, which seems to reject Woolworth.
M .magoo gets it and, of course, does not realize that he has it.
Mayhem then followed as the bad and the vouchers continue with Mr.Magoo often unconscious because anyone is prosecuted.
Like Home Alone 3 but without any class, Mr.
Magoo can only be described painfully bad.
Fifteen minutes of it looks like an eternity.
The humor of the film is pathetically lame and the rhythm is far away.
When you are stuck in a theater for an hour and a half watching what claims to be a film, you are looking for comfort.
M.
Magoo provides only three moments of this type.
The film begins and ends with the character's classic cartoon version, which gives off its usual charm.
The only other wild tomb on the film itself is Angus, the sweet little bulldog.
Angus demonstrates more authentic emotions and a wider range of actor than any human human.
Finally, the end credits contain releases from the film, which have part of the authenticity and spontaneity that missed it.
Rather than trying to adapt Mr.Magoo to a non-Carton film, Nielsen makes the strategic error to try to be literally a human version of the cartoon.
He has trouble supporting folding eyes and affected voice, and even when he does, he turns out to be awkwardly funny.
My wife managed to sleep during the film, but I was not so lucky.
Hopefully this image will force producers to think more carefully about promising subjects that do not.
M .Magoo works 1: 37.
It is classified PG for comic violence and would be acceptable to all ages.
My son Jeffrey, 8, said he thought the film was good and really funny, but recommends that you do not choose it if you want an action film.
He said he loved alone at home 3.
His friend Maxim, 9, said he thought it was good but very silly and that the parties did not make sense.
His other friend Nickolas, 8, said he would give the film * * * 1/2, but that it was really silly.