Vegas Vacation is the fourth film with Chevy Chase and Beverly by Angelo as heads of the unfortunate Griswold family.
As with the other three films, their two children, Rusty and Audrey, are played by a rotating series of actors.
This time, Ethan Embry and Marisol Nichols fill the roles.
Back also, the cousin Eddie (Randy Quaid), the Slob parent which seems to bring problems wherever it goes.
In Vegas, Clark Griswold (Chase) decides to take the family on vacation to Las Vegas so that he and his wife Ellen (D'Angelo) can renew their wishes for marriage.
It is at this stage that the comedy is supposed to follow.
Apparently, the filmmakers thought that putting the Griswolds in Las Vegas would be so funny in itself that they would not bother to write jokes in the script.
At least that's what it looks like looking at this turkey.
Halfway to the holidays in Vegas, I started to have serious doubts as to if there would be a single laugh in the whole film, because there was not to this point.
At the end of the film, I was in fact siced several times, and I smiled at a few gags.
I could add that none of the funny moments (and I use the term freely) came as a result of anything, Angelo or Quaid was involved.
They could just as easily have stayed at home as long as they contributed to this film.
The two best things in this film were Ethan Embry and Marisol Nichols as Griswold Kids, who manage to live some of their own adventures.
Rusty becomes a vegas high roll, offering most of the best moments in the film.
Whenever Chase and Quaid were involved in a gag, it was increasingly obvious that they should have stopped this series after the third film.
Which brings me at the best moment of the film.
The Griswolds lead to the highway and the Holiday Road (the theme of the original holidays) is starting to play.
Christie Brinkley and her Red Ferrari (also from the first film) lead.
It was a cute moment, but all he did was to remember how funny the first film had been and how far this series fell.
Shame .