If there was a subject that just shouted to make a film, it was studio 54, the infamous New York disco from Steve Rubell, who came to symbolize the excess taboo of the era of the disco:Easy drugs and even easier sex between sexual relations between sexual relations between sexual relations between sexes between sexual relations between sexual relations between sexual relations between sexual relations between sexual relations between moreEasy between sexual relations between sexual relations between sexual relations and sexual relations between sexual relations and relations between sexual relations and relations between the easy easy sex relations between.Beating dance.
Thus, when Miramax began production on _54_ last year, the buzz of the media and the resulting anticipation began: an upset film as low as the club itself, written and directed by promising first(Mark Christopher) and with a little Chaudyoung Talent (Salma Hayek, Neve Campbell, the newcomer Ryan Phillippe and Mike Myers in his dramatic beginnings).
My, with what facility does the worm turn.
Media threshing has turned into a damage control when Word was released around the 11th hour of release (wrapped only a month ago), an eruption of modifications imposed by the studio which left practically the distribution and theCrew (in particular Christopher), and the very likely possibility that Miramaxne would not exceed the finished film for critics.
At the last minute, however, Miramax decided to project the film (if planned in a hurry was the screening that the surname of Myers was poorly spelled on the invitation, not to mention the many typing of the press notes) for a media audience which has distributed in a significantly impression, including me.
And for a good reason - a certain way, a certain way, the _54_, supremely disappointing, has made paradise historically hip of hedonism ...
boring .
Although Christopher has moved away from the finished film, he must always assume part of the blame for _54_.
_54_ is concentrated, for the most part, on a trio of employees welded to the club: check girl / aspiring cloak Disco Diva Anita (a wasted hayak); her husband of Busboy, Greg (Breckin Meyer); and, above all, the freshness ofShane O'Shea (Phillippe), which benefits from a quick rise in Busboy to stain Bartender.
These characters are almost as generic as these descriptions.
By focusing on hired help, Christopher really missed the boat.
With the exception of the flamboyant and always breathtaking Rubell (Myers, in a well -modulated turn), the stories fleshy to tell at the Studio 54 are not the workers, but those of the people who went there to party; not necessarily theMany VIP guests, but the wild eccentrics who managed to be chosen from the crowd by the famous porter and the club dance (among others) at night with the rich, the famous and the infamous (the only taste of the crowd comes by thethrough the fiery of Ellen Dow, a discreet grandmother and drugs, but she is at best a peripheral character).
As such, apart from the photos of the expected upper crowd, there is a real _dancing_ in _54_.
What is a disco film - in particular that of the ultimate in movement - in dance?
Even _The_last_Days_of_Disco_ by Whit Stillman, who was not as concerned about the nightclub as it was a dialogue full of mind in a group of club-hip proofs only, with at least one sceneExtended dance.
Dance is not the only thing that lives in _54 _ - also sex, but it may not be entirely Christopher's fault.
From what I heard, his original vision was something considerably darker and daring, starting with the character of Shane: he was designed (and in fact filmed) as a wild and morally ambiguous bisexual, whichwould have made an effective springboard to cover Leaspect Pansexual Pleasure Palace of the legend of Studio 54.
But somewhere between the main photography and the final cup, Shane was defused and literally straightened; therefore, the film too.
Aside from a brief overview of erotic meetings towards the start of the film, Shane's ephemeral bankruptcy with an attractive social Billie (Sela Ward), and a montage abbreviated in bed, the sexual dimension is almost ignored.
Shane, in this incarnation, is disinfected to the point of Blandness, an idealistic benefactor who folds for a frequent guest at the club, Julie Black (Campbell), a social soap star with, yes, a heart of gold.
This nailed "romance" would have been a little less tedious if Campbell or Phillippe established links between them or the public.
They fail on the two accounts.
In the end, the failure of _54_ comes down to three letters: F-U-N.
As in, there is not to have for the public.
Too much time has passed with the boring Shane, and too little passed on the club's soil, where all the measures took place.
Anyway, however, all the time spent on the 54 floor is not used very effectively.
When Anita finally obtains her big break and will perform on stage at the club, it should be a euphoric height, for her, the crowd and the public; however, the moment does not have the chance to reach this level, because it isInterrupted by a moment of forced sentimentality, which also marked the conclusion of the film (one of the last -minute reshuffles).
Strangely optimistic and melancholy, the resolution is entirely unconvincing and unsatisfactory.
There is an interesting portrait of Studio 54 there - in fact, in fact - but _54_ is not one of them.
They are on cable television: some documentaries produced by E! And VH1.
These two fascinating looks on the club and all sordid events inside show that there is still an excellent disco film to make.
The problem is that after the critical failure and some of the box office of _54_, the subject may have followed its Hollywood course.