I read the New Yorker Magazine and I appreciate some of their really in -depth articles on an incident.
They will take an incident as the investigation into a mysterious plane crash and tell you what happened in detail.
It becomes a real education in what agencies are involved and how the theories are suggested, and what type of pressure the investigators are under, and almost any other aspect you can think of.
Often, I have the impression that the article seemed exciting, but I am told in more detail than I really wanted.
Often, I arrive in the middle of a story and I say, ok, it sounded well but I have now invested more time than I am ready to spend on this subject.
The film is a different support.
It is a visual support.
It slows down the story of stories much more than people think.
I am often surprised to discover how short a film script is and to what extent the pages are an empty space.
The magazine article and the film script are two very different media.
The initiate is a film adaptation of the Vanity Fair article "The man who knew too much" by Marie Brenner.
It is too much an adaptation of a magazine article slowed down to the rhythm of a film.
They really lead to be tedious sometimes sometimes.
For years, the seven large companies knew that they were dealing with an addictive drug which caused a multitude of unhealthy side effects.
But they claimed for the public that they were not proven and that they did not really believe it.
The company was incredibly profitable and the product resulted in political power by stifling and discrediting any political movement against the great tobacco.
The tide turned out when a former vice-president of one of the companies was convinced by the CBS 60-minute press team to tell the public how much tobacco companies really knew about the effects on thehealth of smoking.
The resulting pressure to stop history created a small civil war in CBS.
Who were the main people involved, what were their motivations, how was history almost killed, how was it disseminated anyway?
This is the story covered with surprising details by the initiate.
All this could have been exciting, but it is not the kind of thing that a stylist like Michael Mann would be likely to do well.
And in the end, he failed.
In short, the film needed a director who knew how to make a long story.
The film opens with the CBS team 60 minutes in Iran with the mission to interview a terrorist.
We have a taste for their personal style and how they get the upper hand.
They go from a single journal for blindfolded in the hands of the terrorists in the interview with Mike Wallace (played by Christopher Plummer).
There, the press team under the producer Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino) commands around the terrorists and he gets away with it.
It seems to have nothing to do with the main line of history, but later, when the tobacco industry is so much more difficult to handle than the engaged terrorists, we have an ironic irony on which has an influence in theworld.
Terrorists can make the headlines, but tobacco companies have the real position of power.
Undoubtedly interspersed with the Iran interview sequence, we see Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe) come back to the work at his home.
We discover that he was dismissed and that his career has stopped unexpectedly.
He had been a very profitable vice-president in charge or research and development at Brown and Williams Tobacco; now he was unemployed and needed money to support his family.
Rather than supporting him, his wife Liane (Diane Venora) asks him what they are supposed to do for income.
Meanwhile, the 60 -minute team trying to make a story on the fires launched by cigarettes has obtained certain data that they do not understand.
They offer $ 12,000 Wigand just to interpret the data.
Wigand's dismissal agreement the swear of secrecy on everything he knows about tobacco transactions, but it is reluctantly, he extends the starting terms.
He is ready to read certain documents from another tobacco company and interpret them for Bergman.
Despite the secret, the former employers of Wigand immediately seem to know that Wigand speaks 60 minutes and he is warned by former boss Thomas Sandefur played Michael Gambon in an overly brief but deliciously sinister role.
The game begins therefore.
Wigand is furious at his negative treatment for what he always considered that he continued to be loyalty to his agreement and his former employer.
Meanwhile, someone plays very rough with Wigand and his family.
The film examines Wigand and the pressures placed on his family while they are taken between two powerful giants.
Wigand has always wanted to make tobacco safer and has natural sympathies to take out the story.
He and his family are attached psychologically and financially by the giant tobacco industry which had never lost a legal struggle.
Al Pacino receives superior invoicing, but the Wigand family is at the heart of the initiate.
The story is told slowly and in a few meticulous details.
The film lasts 157 minutes and is an extremely demanding film for the public.
The musical score of Pieter Bourke, Lisa Gerrard and Graeme Revell is one of the worst recent memory.
He puts disturbing agreements under certain scenes and uses the voice so as to become a distraction that bothers the narration.
The cast of Christopher Plummer is also disturbing as Mike Wallace.
Plummer and Wallace are different types and Wallace is too well known for even an actor as Plummer to play it convincingly.
This film could have been a truly engaging experience under the control of another director.
Michael Mann was the bad person to direct this film and the initiate lacks intensity because of his style.
I note a 4 on scale 0 to 10 and a 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.