The girl 6 is, in a word, a waste.
I could never determine what Spike Lee was trying to accomplish with this film.
There was no idea of the place where the film was going, nor any kind of coherent story.
If there was a point towards the film, I missed it.
By the way, the girl 6 is the way the character of Theresa Randle is addressed at the site of telephone work; all the girls are known by their number.
The intrigue, as it is: Theresa Randle is an N in difficulty. ACAUR, and ends up taking a job as a telephone operator.
She begins to lose contact with reality, because her work consumes it.
In addition, she has to face the advances of her ex-husband (Isiah Washington).
He is an ex-con and she tries to keep him away, while in the same time, it is clear that she still houses feelings for him.
His neighbor, Jimmy (Spike Lee) works as the observer; mediation between the ex-husband and the girl 6.
It also works as a point of stability, because he watches her seduce himself by the Lurid world of telephone sex.
The soundtrack, made up of prince songs, was shocking.
It continued to take my attention from the film - not quite a bad thing, I will grant you, because what was happening on the screen was not so fascinating.
For some parts of the middle of the film, the music remained happily in the background.
In the opening sequence and a scene later in the film, however, the music was particularly noisy and distracting.
Of course, I have never really taken care of Prince's music (or Tafkap if you like it).
Prince fans could like the soundtrack, but it will probably be distracting, even for unconditional fans.
Among the performances, the only one standing out was the character of Buddy by Spike Lee, Jimmy.
He was excellent as a neighbor-Broke of Girl 6.
He should have collaborated in acting in this film.
There are several sequences that have given me the impression that he would like to be Oliver Stone when he grew up.
There are scenes shot with different types of films, which are deliberately granular and which recall some of the scenes of the natural born killers of Oliver Stone.
In this film, they worked to propel the story.
In this film, they just made me more confused.
There are fun moments and some information on the lives of women who use their voice to make the phone industry the industry of several billion dollars that it has become.
Other than that, however, not much happens.
There are a few intense moments, as when a caller becomes frightening, but even it is rather dull.
I am not the biggest fan of Spike Lee, although I agree that he has done a very good job in the past.
In Girl 6, however, it seems to wade.
He had an interesting idea, a fairly good configuration, and seemed to wander aimlessly from there.
Girl 6 wins a note from d.