The cartoon is much better.
This is the essential of Disney's incredibly tested live version of its animated function of 1961.
The alliance between Disney and King Slapstick John Hughes has produced a frantic "single house" with puppies, and not much else.
When the production of this remake was announced, the big question seemed to be "why?
The original cartoon still works, so what is it for? "
The answer, it seems, is to give Disney an excuse for another massive merchandise campaign.
History, for those of you who have missed childhood, is simple.
Two Dalmatians, Pongo and Perdy, fall in love at first glance.
They drag their "human animals" together, and in a short time, the two couples get married.
The celestial matches become chaotic when Pongo and the puppies of Perdy are stolen; their launch of dogs designed by the devil Evil Cruella, who wants them for their skins.
Everyone in the animal kingdom then joins a frantic effort to save the puppies.
In the original film, the animated beetles had a wide range of facial expressions and distinct personalities.
We could also hear them speak, which quickly established a crucial element of the charm of the film, the vision of the dog of humans as their pets.
In the new version, dogs are silent and without expression.
Hughes tries to give them character with repeated photos of the Dalmatians draping their heads on top of each other and licking their face and neck.
While he drew the reaction "AWW, they are so cute".
The lack of canine personality would be easier to take if human beings had a little.
Joly Richardson and Jeff Daniels are incredibly bland in their main roles.
In previous films, Daniels successfully played his white bread character.
In "Something Wild", he revealed the applicant of gone sensations under his neutral behavior.
In "terms of attachment", his unhappy appearance masked a cold and manipulative petticoan runner.
Here he and Richardson are so bland that he is amazing that their images even stick to the film.
Glenn Close, however, has no problem establishing a separate personality.
As a nasty icon of Cruella Devil, she tears the screen in a delightfully exaggerated performance.
Closely corresponds to the intensity of the animated Cruella by becoming an animated cartoon itself.
With a two -tone frightened wig, red gloves with long nails tied at their fingertips, pissing greenery of garish animals and heels of heels, close -ups through its scenes like a force of nature.
She clearly has a bullet playing this monstrous icon, and her bad joy is contagious.
When she spits lines like "you won the battle, but I'm about to win the wardrobe!"
The film briefly comes to life.
 "101 Dalmatians" is piled up with the typical approach to John Hughes of comedy.
After an engine opening showing the morning routine of Pongo while prepares Daniels for the day, the film falls quickly in lame Slapstick while the dog hangs Daniels on a carriage hike through a municipal park. A little Slapstick goes very far, but Hughes continues to put it.
The second half of the film, where local animals combine to save 99 indefinite Dalmatian puppies from Devil and his henchmen, is a tedious clone of the house, with the bad guys enduring a variety of sadistic aggressions worthy of a drawingDrawing with itching and Grouping Voyou frying his testicles on an electric fence.
 "101 Dalmatians" has cute puppies and a mood for a closed Glenn performance, but not enough to justify third -rate slapsticks, bland characters and unconvincing animatronic raws.
Rent the cartoon!