Land: Two teenage couples go to a party to the church, drink and then lead.
They enter an accident.
One of the guys dies, but his girlfriend continues to see him in his life and has nightmares.
What is the problem ?
Watch the film and "Sorta" Discover ...
Critality: a film of the mind for the teenager who touches a very cool idea, but presents it in a very bad package.
This is what makes this criticism a more difficult to write, because I generally applaud the films that try to break the mold, to spoil the head and others (Lost Highway & Memento), but there are good and badways to do all types of types of defilms, and these people simply did not hang on it correctly.
They seem to have taken this fairly neat concept, but have executed it terribly.
So what are the problems with the film?
Well, his main problem is that he is simply too mixed.
It starts "normal", but then retrograde in this "fantastic" world in which you, as a member of the public, have no idea what is happening.
There are dreams, there are characters who come back from the dead, there are others that look like the dead, there are strange appearances, there are disappearances, there is a lookooot ofHunting scenes, there are tons of strange things that happen, and the Plupartil is simply not explained.
Now, personally, I don't mind trying to unravel a film from time to time, but when everything he does is to give me the same clue again and again, I am somehow fed up after a certain time, which is the biggest problem of this film.
He obviously has this great secret to hide, but he seems to want to hide it completely until his last five minutes.
And do they make things entertaining, exciting or even engaging, in the meantime?
not really .
The saddest thing is that the arrow and I are both excavating on films like this, so we actually understood the most halfway, so all the strangeness after that started to make a little sense, but that has still not made the film all the more entertaining.
I suppose that the essentials with films like this is that you must always make sure that the public is "inside" before they even receive the secret password to enter your world of understanding.
I mean, showing Melissa Sagemiller who fled visions for about 20 minutes throughout the film is simply lazy !!
Okay, we understand ... there
People pursue her and we don't know who they are.
Do we really need to see it again and again?
How about giving us different scenes offering an additional overview of all the strangulation that drops in the film?
Apparently, the studio moved this film from its director and cut it themselves, and he sees himself.
There was perhaps a rather decent adolescent spirit film here somewhere, but I suppose that "the costumes" decided that transforming it into a clip with Little Edge would make more sense.
The actors are good enough for the most part, although Wes Bentley seems only to play exactly the same character he has done in American beauty, only in a new neighborhood.
But my greatest congratulations are going to Sagemiller, which is holding up throughout the film, and in fact makes you feel from his character.
Overall, the film does not remain because it does not entertain, it is confusing, it rarely excites and it seems rather redundant for most of its execution time, despite an end and a fairly cool explanation to allThe madness that had preceded her.
Oh, and by the way, it's not a horror or slasher film for adolescents ... it's
Just excited to look at this way because someone apparently assumes that the genre is still hot with children.
He also finished production two years ago and has been sitting on the shelves since.
No matter ... jump
he !
Where does Joblo come from?
A Nightmare of Elm Street 3 (7/10) - Blair Witch 2 (7/10) - The Crow (9/10) - The Crow: Salvation (4/10) - Lost Highway (10/10) - Memento (10/ 10) - the Others (9/10) - Echoes stirs (8/10)