The "Fab 4" by Ronald Reagan High is four stuck girls, played by Rose McGowan, Rebecca Gayheart, Julie Benz and Charlotte Roldan, who excessively excessively like 4 chic spices.
Their daily ritual is parade from top to bottom of school rooms such as royalty, and their constant reflex action is to grasp their compacts so that they can check their makeup and powdered their cheeks.
In no case will they never be able to see eating in public.
In Jawbreaker of the writer and director Darren Stein, it is not as funny as it may seem.
In fact, it is not at all funny.
Stein took the black comedy of a film for adolescents like Heathers and stripped it of any intelligence, spirit or charm.
His actresses throw their lines so quickly that they do not have time to add an emotion.
And all of his female characters have much more lipstick than brains.
The configuration of the film has one of the Fab 4, Liz, which is called "Princess Di of Reagan High", killed when a farce by the other 3 turns badly.
The Princess Di reference is in bad taste, just like a large part of the film.
Admittedly, bad taste can sometimes be funny, but the simple presence of bad taste does not guarantee it.
Liz's friends stick a jaw that is literally larger than a golf ball in his mouth, hides their mouths and sticks his bound body in the trunk of a car.
When they open the trunk later, Liz died.
They finally put his blue and bruised body in a sexual position and give the impression that Liz was the victim of a brutal rape.
These realistic and disgusting scenes of a dead and sowing adolescent have a pornographic sensation which is difficult to forget and which will probably turn the stomach of many spectators.
The dialogue of the film is not only funny, it is commonplace.
A cheesy girl presents herself with "My name is Fern Mayo, as in the Mayo outfit".
When Fern discovers what happened, the Fab 3 makes it an offer that it cannot refuse - makeup!
They cake her on her and welcomed her in the clan.
The parents of the film boast of learning parental skills by watching Oprah.
Teachers do not get out of it better, especially in the ridiculous lines given to them.
 "Miss Shayne, please cover your breast," said a young teacher, who was invented to look old and ugly, said without any conviction.
 "This is a learning institution, not a mess."
In addition to the obvious question of the reason why this film was made, there is another question that I would like to ask the director.
Why do you have a phone number with 555 if you are going to cover the rest of the number anyway?
In a cameo, Pam Grier plays the detective Vera Cruz, who is investigating the murder of Liz.
As she questions others, she looks at them as if they were all idiots, proving that she is the only one to obtain it.
I am sure that if the hard hard -hard detective was to see this film, it would be released after about 5 minutes, and we would have advised yourself to do the same if you had to find yourself in a theater showing it.
Jawbreaker works 1: 27.
It is assessed for violence, blood, blasphemy and sex.
I would advise everyone to avoid it, but if adolescents leave, they should be older and ripe.