Synopsis: A novelist struggling with his latest work buys a strange brain with a protruding ocular globe locked up in a pot.
The brain exerts his bad influence on the novelist and his secretary, while his wife disapproves.
Meanwhile, a loan shark needs a shave is trying to leave his profession.
Comments: Why is this film called the night?
It is difficult to speculate.
Most of this film takes place during the day, and the only thing that has anyone who is a heartbreaking brain thing, pulsating and bubbling in a pot.
In case you have not yet resumed this, possessed by the night is a "thriller" at the bottom of the barrel (I use the term "thriller" without being here) which is really cheap and bad.
The intrigue, which resembles a story of science fiction to cheese from the 1950s, actually serves a single goal: to exploit naked women as often as possible.
Writing a film review for a film like this is strangely difficult.
There is really not much to say.
The game is ugly; although, on occasion, attempts at action are so absurd that they arouse a little laugh of the public.
The most humorous is Frank Sivero, who plays Murray, the novelist's agent.
It is so horrible in this role that you can't help but have fun.
The intrigue is zero.
Almost half of the film is devoted to a losing loan shark who wants to get out of the profession, even if it has only a limited relevance for the film as a whole.
The dialogue stinks.
A loan shark, for example, indicates how much he likes bimbos, which the public really does not need to know.
Everything on owned by the night is the second rate, even film credits.
While the names of the little talented shooting team have scrolled at the end, Joseph Scales appeared, credited as "assisted the Foley artist".
Someone could have used an editor!
To be honest, the film is essentially an excuse to flash front nudity and show sex scenes.
Playboy Playmate Shannon Tweed, after all, is the star here.
I guess if we wanted this kind of thing, he would like this film.
Why did I give this turkey two stars and not one?
As a bad film, it is involuntarily funny enough to keep someone passably interested in the film.
If you feel possessed to see possessed at night, however, I would recommend that you exorcise this impulse and look at something else.