Synopsis: The criminal psychologist Blonde Sarah chooses to copulate with Tony Gussey the mysterious Porto Rican rather than the bearded cliff the neighbor Wisecracking upstairs.
In the meantime, someone sends Sarah Rotting Flowers, puts their name in the newspaper column of the newspaper and kills their cat.
Comments: Never speak to Strangers, a colossal waste of time, moves slower than the molasses in winter to reach a conclusion which should be obvious for the public 20 minutes from the film.
We would not think that two real cinema stars, Antonio Banderas (Evita) and Rebecca de Mornay (hand that shakes this turkey.
Not only are they however there, but the executive of De Mornay produced it.
What was she thinking about?
Never speak to foreigners centered on Sarah, a psychologist examining the maximum in bad mood, a murderer soon to be tried.
She receives a sudden visit from her father, which arouses flashbacks of a tragedy in her early childhood.
Two men crown it; Tony the "security consultant" wins (so they have a passionate sex filled with saxophone music with cheese).
Many psychobabble is thrown around several personality disorders, but the film asks its audience not to derive the obvious conclusion between MPD and Sarah, and offers in place several male characters such as red herring.
86 minutes, the operating time of this cinematographic mess therefore seems 86 hours.
A good part of Never Talk Talk to Strangers is spent on Sarah and Tony.
Why would the career professional Sarah feel attracted to the steroid that walks with a black hat called Tony?
It is one of the mysteries of the film that never responds.
Whatever the reason, of Mornay and Banderas undress and have sex several times in what passes for eroticism.
They also manage to go out before copulating occasionally - in one of the most stupid scenes in the film, Tony takes Sarah to a carnival that is just outside * her dull apartment (in this way, they can hurry andhave sex quickly).
In addition, apparently, the weather changes quickly in their place: they are one day at this outdoor carnival before having sex; the next day, they play in the snow before having sex.
The filmmakers try to produce a suspense intrigue interspersed with "character development" of Tony and Sarah.
Someone is there to get poor Sarah (although most of the audience should have understood who above all it starts).
The rotten flowers, an article in the Bill and a beaten neighbor are just some of the bad things that happen to him.
The cliché suspense number one also occurs: each time someone is hunted in thrillers, in a way, if the layout has a pet, this pet will die.
Often, for further the cliché, the murdered animal is a cat (filmmakers suspense, for any reason, I do not like cats).
Sarah, never speaking to foreigners, receives a package and, there, discovers her mutilated cat inside.
Suspense at its very derivative!
As indicated above, Never Talk to Strangers is a bad excuse for a film whose sole goal seems to exploit the body of Banderas and Mornay as often as possible.
The actor Dennis Miller is completely wasted here (he has no lines that are suitable for his personality) and does not even appear as much.
Perhaps, in a way, he's lucky for that.
At the start of the film, Sarah said to Tony, after meeting her in a supermarket, that she had been informed of never talking to foreigners.
Let me advise you to never look at this stinking.