John Sayles is one of the most respected names in American American cinema.
He was a strong reputation with films like Matewan and the secret of Roan Inish, and one of his best was his latest film, Lone Star.
After Sayles gave us this complex and unconventional look at ethnic tensions on the American-Mexican border, the wait was raised for his next film.
Unfortunately, his men with rifles are not the film that someone hoped.
We are essentially told in the first coil where the film will go and what it will do.
Then the film does exactly what he promised, as painful.
The intrigue of men with rifles can be summarized "in a central or South American country, things are really bad for everyone in the mountains where the army collides with guerrillas.
Dr.Fuentes did not believe how bad things were, so he went.
And he discovered it again and again. "
Of course, it is perfectly true that in many places in this region, armed conflicts have transformed life into living hell.
A guerrilla warfare is always bad for civilians.
But the film talks to the spectator.
Dr.Fuentes (played by Federico Luppi) teaches medicine in the capital of his country.
He has, as a large humanitarian gesture, formed and inspired some of his best students to go to the mountains and improve the world for the poor Indios.
Fuentes believe that students are up there by doing a humanitarian service.
Then, he discovers that one of his best students has rather returned to the city and runs a sordid private pharmacy.
In shame and disappointment, Fuentes asks the student what happened to others.
The student tells him that the others are still in the mountains, but suggest that it may not be a good place.
Fuentes part to find and visit the doctors, ignoring the advice of his family and a patient who happens to be general of the army.
The results are not very different from what we could expect.
Dr.Funtes begins incredibly naive.
Even some American tourists, present in the film mainly for comics, seem to know better than Dr.Fuentes that things have become quite bad in the mountains.
But Fuentes must go from one barbarism scene to another and discover how false he was.
Sayles could certainly have used 126 minutes of screen time to tell us something deeper than these unpleasant things happen there and most of the worst arrive at unarmed civilians.
The cast is mainly unknown to the American public.
Federico Luppi is the right Mexican actor who played the ancient concessionaire torn apart by mysterious Cronos forces.
Damian Delgado makes a late appearance as an army deserter.
Mandy Patinkin has a small role made to appear bigger in the trailer.