If you are looking close to two hours of bored and coarse Florida adolescents with sex, drugs, sexual relations, eminem listening, sex, video games, sexual relations andThe death of their peers, then "Bully" is for you.
Based on the Romanization by Jim Schutze of a life event, "Bully" traces the story of a handful of disenchanted adolescents who, in 1993, murdered their high school intimidator in cold and calculated blood.
The film could have provided fascinating information on what transformed these aimless children into premeditated killers.
In the hands of the controversial director Larry Clark ("kids"), however, he has less to say on his subject and more to say about the filmmaker's pornographic trends.
Regarding the incident and what caused it, "Bully" is nothing new.
High school students are presented as a uniformly screwed batch - with life, not much ambition, promiscuity, profane.
The intimidator in question, Bobby Kent (Nick Stahl), is certainly an unpleasant work, but he does not do exactly on his colleagues in the pathological department.
He hunts and Harries and humiliates his "best friend" Marty (played by Brad Renfro) and the girlfriend of Marty, Lisa (Rachel Miner), does not care at all and offers the idea of killing Bobby.
Simply remove it from the equation.
Marty and Lisa and a handful of their promiscuity, profane and stoner friends, plus a recruited hitman (?) Attract Bobby in a marsh one night, stab him, beat him above the head with a baseball bat andThrowing him into the channel where the sand crabs and the gators, probably finish it.
There are no remorse - the next day, they talk about it as openly as an assignment of homework.
They did it because they wanted it, and because they could.
What is most disturbing in the film, however, is not the disturbing subject and the way in which these young people eliminate one of their own, but the way in which Clark is constantly distracted by his own material.
Not only is nudity abundant and graphic in "intimidator", but there is also a worried and exploiting sensation.
Free crotch kicks abound (one of which makes the zipper in "There is something in Mary" resembles the height of subtlety!).
Clark is so concerned about his wife (mainly) of the tracks that you forget, sometimes, what this film is supposed to be.
Naked stripping, literally and figuratively, of these actors (who, after all, play minor adolescents) becomes more difficult to monitor over time, while you start to feel for them and question themotivations of the man behind the camera.
The conclusion of "Bully" offers instant information literals on the sentences inflicted on each of the protagonists for their involvement in crime.
It is a short sequence of sand: 7 years old; Ali: 40 years old; Lisa: life imprisonment, for example - but it is infinitely more revealing than the 110 minutes of crawling inconvenience that precedes it.
 "Bully" aims for the truth, shamelessly exploits it, then the death baton.