This film to go to adulthood well-designed but ultra-suckled is not for everyone, and I include myself as one of those who found it too Sappy for my digestion.
Joseph Cross (Joshua Beal) is a 10-year-old child saddened by the recent loss of his grandfather (Loggia) with bone marrow cancer.
Loggia is wonderful with regard to the child in such a healthy way, she almost saves this film from drowning in syrup.
The Beals are like an idyllic family of the sitcom, where everyone is so kind and rich, and correctly religious without being fanatic.
The Beals, the father (Denis Leary) and his wife (Dana Delary), are both prosperous doctors; Julia Stiles plays Joshua's older sister, assigned her younger brother, but also showing that she really cares about him.
It is a family apparently designed in paradise, but living in the south of Philadelphia, sending their children to a well -managed Catholic school.
Joshua, the protagonist and the narrator of this thread, is a beautiful, sweet, intelligent, friendly and endearing child, who does well in school, relates to nuns and priests, and speak politely to his well -intentioned parents.
All this Mawkish interaction makes it almost too nauseating to look at.
The intrigue occurs when Joseph has a problem to face the death of his beloved grandfather, who promised to be with him forever.
His answer is to seek God, pretty exhilarating things for a young person that his age to do, but that's how it is, sometimes.
This research of God does not take us anywhere because, like his friend David (Reifsnyder) says it, where you can seek him if he does not exist.
Now he is an intelligent child.
But Joseph is looking for it in the usual places, and what better place than starting in the parish school, it frequents.
One of her teachers is the sister of good heart Terry (Rosie O'Donnell), who wears a Philly baseball hat and assimilates the stories of Jesus to baseball, making him the cleaning striker, and in my opinion, if she does notShe was not a large television star, would have a vocation as a parish school teacher, she is so convincing.
Throughout the film, she is saved to answer any hard (sic!)
Question on God by the bell, because it sounds to end the class.
Nothing happens much in the search for God, there is no parody of the Catholic school; although a cardinal visiting the boy so as not to be able to speak to God, but these are thingsSweet, no real criticism or research of God is attempted.
What then comes into play is a Hollywood Hokum, which is designed to disturb anyone, because Joseph has a reassuring meeting with a real living angel, a little blond little boy and dressed like him in the school uniformCatholic who carries the harmless of a goody-goody.
The film ends like this angel (!!)
Tells him that his grandfather is fine.
His quest is over, because apparently the angels have no wings and are accessible; and God, well, ...
It may be for another film on the road.
This part of the film was the final straw for me, I could no longer swallow glue.
While this filmly filled film, its neighbor, The Sixth Sense, wrote the Schmaltz and came by feeling like a rose.
Although if you look at the intelligence of the two scripts, this director is charged with Hokum, everything he learned to do, is to better hide the hokum.
Well, God bless him, if he can do it.
It's a beautiful family photo and there is room in Hollywood.
It is just a shame that this is nothing relevant or even to say to say about death, children in a parish primary school, or besides, on God.
And this family of his family, they are too good for words.
However, the film meant well and its Benin message had its heart in the right place.
For those who want to see something sweet, without a bite, that's this one.