The field of science fiction has always been an allegory of political and or legal sensitivities.
The best stories of the genre deal with the struggle of humanity for survival or knowledge.
Popular and notable volumes like "Stranger in a Strange Land" by Robert Heinlein, "Endhood's End" by Arthur C.Clarke and "Man in the High Castle" and "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" by Philip K.Dick Treats allWith the need for identity and human struggle for self -value.
Hollywood has regularly adapted the environment (if not the message) of science fiction since its beginnings.
Most films have just created fancy dough tales without thinking about the escape they have made.
It is only really when producer George Pal took care of Robert Heinlein's novel "Rocketship Galileo" and designed the film "Destination Moon", that "SCI-Fi" (as it is commonly mentioned), isbecome at the same time.
From there, filmmakers as diverse as Roger Corman in Stanley Kubrick sought to express ideas through the medium of the genre.
With the release of Touchstone Pictures "Mission to Mars", we have a science fiction film without nonchalant separation for those who have read the National Enquirer and the Globe.
The film opens onto a summer barbecue because Phil Ohlmyer (Jerry O'Connell) Woos a young woman with her stories of glory of space and the next mission.
Woody Blake (Tim Robbins) and his wife Terra (Connie Nielsen) engage in his authority to come in the mission, and Luc Goddard (Don Cheadle) consoles his son.
Jim McConnell (Gary Sinise) entered the party, which renounced the command of the mission due to the premature death of his wife, Maggie (Kim Delaney).
Luc Console Jim with the help of Woody.
The three men are friends and have a good bond of trust and care between them.
But Jim always aspires to set foot on the red planet.
The mission is serious because Luc and his team land in the Mars Cydonia region.
They send the rover to investigate the area and discover what seems to be water or ice below the surface.
Leaving to investigate, Luc and his team approach the famous "face on Mars".
A strange noise comes from the rock.
While the team tries to scan the rock with a radar, a violent wind storm bursts, creating a vortex which kills all the members of the team, except for Luc.
Back on the space station in orbit around the earth, Woody and Jim receive the information that the March landing team is missing.
The emergency message responsible for Luke interference urges the two men to try a second mission on the red planet in the hope of saving the previous team.
The second trip to the Martian world is dangerous.
The showers, explosions and meteorite rescues all come into play while the intrepid heroes make the way the surface of the planet.
The big question is, is it now or has there been an intelligent life on Mars.
And if so, what is his relationship with us?
Now for the bad news.
The whole of the intrigue of "Mission to Mars" is based almost without reservation on tripes of Martian civilization of the national type Enquirer.
The famous "Face On Mars" becomes the centerpiece of the film, revealing some of the most dawned science fiction pabulum on the screen.
Borrow ideas from films such as "Robinson Crusoe on Mars" (1964), Quatermass and the Pit (1967), "2001: A Space Odyssey", and even "Planet of the Vampires" by Mario Bava ("Terrole Nello Spazio») (1965)," Mission to Mars "is a meli-melo of ideas that does not add up to a satisfactory whole.
Although some sequences are wonderfully manipulated and executed, the film remains flat and involved.
So much time is to establish the main characters in the film, but without good use.
The performances are all workers, with only Don Cheadle (like Luke) carrying a kind of real chemistry.
Gary Sinise is wasted in a role that forces him to seem to feel sleep depravity.
and them Istaken idea that Jerry O'Connell (as Phil Ohlmyer) plays his role for comic relief is simply too painful to excuse.
And less said about Tim Robbins who called since the performance at home, the better.
He has too much fun here to worry.
The script has a few laps, namely that after discovering several offenses in the shell of the ship caused by a meteorite shower, no one thinks of checking the fuel tanks or the rest of the ship for damage.
Of course, this leads our heroes to abandon their rescue ship.
In addition, when a character sacrifices himself, the character takes a religious behavior which is completely in contradiction with the situation.
But the biggest offense of the film is the horrible and intrusive partition of Ennio Morricone.
The subtlety is nonexistent here.
In fact, in some scenes, music becomes so extravagant that dialogue is almost drowned.
The only sequence in which the scoring works almost is during the prolonged meteorite shower.
The rhythm of the film is very quiet.
After the introduction to the opening of the characters (which lasts 22 minutes), we are finally deposited on the Martian surface.
Then there is another long break in the plot for more development of characters, including a dance sequence developed in zero gravity.
The film could lose for about 30 minutes and get momentum.
There are so many scenes of speaking heads, discussing what we already know that it will happen, that it leads the film to a dead stop.
The good news is that the film is absolutely sumptuous to watch.
The views of the planet Mars are majestic and impressive.
The design of the many spaceships and combinations is all written expert, with a level of realism that has not been seen since "2001: a space odyssey".
The visual effects are simply amazing, from spatial walking sequences, to the visualization of evolution on earth.
The only fault comes with the Martians themselves, who are more like something of a plastic model kit than something from another world.
The director of Palma organizes wonderfully creative scenes through the film.
The opening sequence alone in an apparently not interrupted cut lasting almost 15 minutes (a tribute to the "rope" of Hitchcock), because we are presented to all the characters.
The scenes of the rescue ship, with its rotary centrifuge, are simply incredible in their execution.
But the throbbing question is the final explanation that is worth all this Sturm und Drang.
Unfortunately, it is not the case.
Director Brian de Palma designed an extravagant production.
The design of the whole and the visual effects are all stopped.
But it is the denunciation of the comic strip that ruined what could have been a good return to a good adventure and stimulating science fiction.
A disappointing film, but which could still be entertained if you can be satisfied with visuals.