This is the worst film I saw since the "so bad that I released on it" "Jingle all the way".
It is shit on shit toast cooked in an oven powered by shit.
It's shit from start to finish.
Nothing works in this film, as waiting for Joel Schumacher, who has made only one film observable in all his career (which being "cousins").
Here is a man who admits that he is a director of Medicore, a fairly charming self----impactful statement.
But frankly, it is much worse than mediocre.
However, any contempt should not be piled up on Schumacher - Akiva Goldsman should not be allowed to write again.
There is no conspiracy anywhere, and the "dialogue" is relentless, not very deep, absurd and boring.
They set up MR. Greeezer as a tragic figure trying to heal his cryogenically frozen wife, then completely sabotage her character by giving her the wildest.
This transforms him into a hunter of stock that enjoys his wickedness instead of a scientist who has spent a large part of his life bringing his wife on the edge of death.
But this is normal for the course - nothing in this film makes sense, including half of the lines of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Like Mr. Freeze, Arnold receives far too much dialogue to spit immediately.
It is the same problem he had in "Jingle all the way", and it seems that his Austrian accent becomes thicker and more unintelligible over the days.
Personally, I think he has more attraction with the directors and does not take up scenes to make it understandable.
Compare his dialogue in the Terminator series at the expense of nonsense which broadcasts in "Batman & Robin".
Apparently James Cameron knows how to get a competent performance from Arnold.
Uma Thurman is not as bad, but nothing looked like either.
His Ivy Poison surrender, chewing landscapes on the left and right.
And her scenes of Pamela Isley are spoiled by "act" standard sub-SNL, as if she read landmarks and is about to laugh at a given time.
Given the "script", it is a wonder that it did not happen more frequently.
There is no buyout feature in this film - not George Clooney as Batman, Chris O'Donnell like Robin, nor Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl.
Michael Gough looks strangely sickly like Alfred, as if the vanity of his illness was caused by his cadaverous appearance.
In fact, there was something disturbing in his appearance, which seems to have been accomplished without any makeup stuff, seeming scenes from a documentary on a dying.
Unfortunately, each scene on Alfred's disease is struck off with such incompetence that there is absolutely no emotional resonance - they simply go through movements, losing any impact that the scenes were supposed to give.
The film is plagued by badly choreographed combat scenes that never make sense of a great battle - you know that there are a bunch of people, but instead of a scrum, Schumacher decided to concentrateon a foot or a fist.
There is never a moment of fear, wonder or chaos.
The only interesting part of the battle scenes is the effects of freezing, which are impressive (and probably expensive).
Even then, the fights are so full of camp and stupidity that they become inaccessible.
The hell's hockey team?
Even the television series has not become as stupid (at least not on the large scale of stupidity that "Batman & Robin" presents).
The different support characters who work and do not leave and do not go to say or do.
Blink, and you will miss she Macpherson as Julie Madison, Vivica Fox as a "Why is she even in the film" Vamp in Freeze's Lair (with the two lines), and Pat Hingle as the most ineffective commissioner Gordan the BatmanSeriesjais had.
And in what seems almost an effort to save on costs, Vendela Kirsebom has no lines as Mrs.Fries - She is not even filmed well enough to seem well (believe me, she is who isWho Attracting yourself outside this dreck).
And as if the film was not bad enough to box with a bad direction, a bad dialogue, bad performances and bad combat scenes, there are inconsistencies and alogical in Gogo.
I know that it is paint to ask where the hundreds of cable feet are stored in the batorangs, why the arms of the character are not torn from their catch when they perform a Batorangergard from an arm after falling hundredsfeet (while insisting another person, no less), or where the humidity comes from the moment when the Freeze weapon creates tons if the ice.
These are all that is traditional of comics.
But why does Batman come out a freezing trap during a public charity event that endangers the lives of hundreds of By-Standers?
Why is there a large, clearly marked switch, "Heat" in Mr. Freeze's Lair?
Why do countless clumsy police even try to take my hand?
Why does Alfred encourage Silverstone to become Batgirl and even goes until a costume is made for her?
Why do Batman and Robin take 10 minutes to bicker before leaving the Batcave in response to an emergency?
And as it established very early that ivy uses pheromones, why do they not wear masks to filter it?
I could continue again and again.
 "Batman & Robin" is a Braindead film, useless, crying and noisy which should always reign like the "worst film of the year" at the time of 1998.
Note to Warner Bros.- If you want to make another Batman film, please replace Schumacher with almost anyone.
Because it could actually worsen that.
What Schumacher does not understand is that "comics" does not automatically escaped the unbearable idiocy.
The real equation seems to be Schumacher + Batman = unbearable idiocy.