Kate (Jennifer Aniston) has problems.
It seems that the age of twenty-eight is not satisfied with its slow progression in the business scale, and his love life apparently leaves something to be desired.
She learns that her problems are linked, as the owner of her advertising agency, Mr.Mercer (Kevin Dunn), explains to her that her unique status does not bode well with the company.
Her freedom would make her more likely to leave the business, taking customers with her.
A solution presents itself in Nick (Jay Mohr), a marriage videographer with which Kate meets a coincidence and is photographed.
Kate’s boss, Darcy (Illiana Douglas), uses photography to make a marriage commitment between Kate and Nick.
Kate is first rejected by the idea, but after having obtained immediate positive results, she pursues him.
His first task is to convince Nick to follow his plan.
The real plan is made up of Nick pretending to be his fianc?.
During a dinner with Kate's bosses, he will cause a fight and they will separate.
She meets Nick to offer the plan.
He accepts.
The new Kate status provides unexpected results in other areas.
The Bad Boy from the office, Sam (Kevin Bacon), who would not give Kate the time of day now.
Now that she is engaged, he continues an affair with her, because it would destroy his good image of girl, so the sudden interest of Sam.
Things start to collapse for Kate, because it becomes obvious that Nick really likes her and does not want to break with her.
After some provoked Nick obliges, but the problems continue for Kate.
It seems that Sam is no longer interested now that she is available.
Or maybe Kate loves Nick, but "reconciliation" will force her to admit her lies to her employer.
Adding to her mess is the constant struggle of her mother (Olympia Dukakis), who wants her to get married and settles down.
There is a scene in this film where Jennifer Aniston is (the size) which only brought a bra.
It made me laugh because it is the only time in the film when she wears one.
There is enough neckline in this film to satisfy Russ Meyer.
It is as if the director had said: "Well, we know that the story is formulates and that the performances are not so excellent, which devil, let's show Jennifer's assets as often and discovered as possible to maintainThe PG rating. "
Frankly, it is insulting.
I do not think that Aniston is an actress competent enough to wear a film.
She did a fairly decent job in "She's the One" by Ed Burns because it was a smaller and supporting role, and she simply does not effectively deliver goods in this film.
His performance was not convincing.
Unfortunately, with regard to romantic comedies, this film adds nothing new to the standard formula for these types of films.
The film is similar to "My Best Friends Wedding" in a sense that the leading female character is in fact quite vindictive and that his actions do not obtain any sympathy when things go wrong.
I did not care about the speed with which Kate reduced Nick's profession, explaining that video weddings were not glamorous enough for her colleagues.
At least "My Best Friends Wedding" has changed the formula a little and had somewhat surprised end.
No luck with "Picture Perfect".
Each occurrence of the plot can be identified at a mile of distance, including a couple that really had no meaning.
After all, Kate had done to prove her loyalty to her business, why was she going to blind everything when she should have made sure that Nick would even speak to her first, and even less consider a relationship?
Has leaving your job was a prerequisite for repair with Nick?
Add the fact that I do not think that Nick and Kate spent enough time together to justify this rash of a decision.
I think Kate loved her, but loved her so intensely that she was ready to throw her career?
I doubt .
And what about the final scene to A marriage where the whole congregation feels necessary to stop everything and look at the couple?
Are mass groups of people simultaneously interested in the total of foreigners?
Well, I suppose that the congregation consists of films extras and that foreigners are the films two main stars, so it would make sense.
Perfect image made by Glenn Gordon Caron
Kate ........................ Jennifer Aniston Nick ........................jay
Mohr Sam ........................ Kevin
Bacon Mercer ..................... Kevin
Dunn Darcy ...................... Illeana
Douglas Rita ............................ Olympia
Dukakis
Written by Randy Turgeon, February 26, 1998.
Visit my film reviews!
www.xtdl.com / ~ canran