Like any reasonable human being, I must admit that occasionally I am confusing by certain things.
I am confusing by Fight Club.
Now, sometimes, our favorite films are broadcast by criticism and do not reach critical success before much later, sometimes up to ten or twenty years later.
It may be because these films are ahead of their time.
It is perhaps because they are so new and complex that only after years allowing them to sink are really enjoying and understanding them.
The combat club is either garbage or brilliant, but at least right now, I have to look at the first.
Perhaps I have been unconsciously affected by word of mouth that has been slowly leaking in the media for weeks that this film has been pure gold.
But if this is the case, I am not sure to see it.
Edward Norton plays Jack, a field examiner for a large car manufacturer.
His insomnia, coupled with his compulsive desires to fill his world with Ikea? Complete? Himself, make him a loser in the game of life.
But when all his worldly property is blown through his 15th floor window, he is looking for comfort with a foreigner, Tyler (Pitt) whom he met during a return flight.
Once Jack is sucked in in Tyler world, he can, literally.
They start Fight Club, an organization based on brutal and bloody fights that mean nothing other than providing those who join a sense of belonging.
As the combat club grows, things become uncontrollable and take cult status, starting with a future soldier who proves his value by standing motionless outside Tyler? S for three days.
I don't even dare start to evoke the last quarter of the film, because it contains the twist which? Explains? The unnecessary trip.
It is enough to say that I was really disappointed with Fincher, who is two previous films, Se7en and the game put it in a very thin category of young filmmakers really brilliant of the next generation.
This does not mean in any case that he is no longer a genius or capable of bringing more masterpieces to the table.
But with Fight Club, he enabled his unique talent to an extraordinary vision of being distorted by silly digital experiences and self-referencing cinema elements, such as talking to the public about what they see, telling them thatThe small blips on the right on the right are signifiers that the projectionist changes coil and that a slightly modified recurring line is good? humor flashback?.
Now, throughout the film, corarded texture and spending time, Fight Club Essage Pluse to make dials of social comments on the state of the world today.
Advertisements, inter-office policy, societies, you call it, it addressed.
 (Although the media are absent from the institutions which are referenced.)
All play an important role.
How so ?
Well, I can just say.
I can really put my finger on it.
To say that Starbucks and Barnes & Noble resume their respective markets and expel the owner of the small business is not great news.
Is it bad for the world?
probably .
Not much room for social comments there.
We all know that inter-office policy is only that ... politics.
So what was the point of all of this?
The film seems desperate to make a point, or a certain number of points, but I could not determine what they were.
Everything I saw was a very bizarre social satire that was woven with strange film techniques, a dark visual design and a great game.
 (Pitt, Carter, Norton ... All are good.
Even meat bread is good.)
When you arrive at the end, you will probably be filled with questions, many of which the filmmakers wanted you to wonder.
Not them, because each of them would probably give you a different answer.
Fight club means what you want it means, I think Fincher just gives you things to think.
But it couldn't be more weird and una attractive.
Of course, it has a shock value, but Se7en and the game too, and they are clearly stronger films.