Capsule: The weakest and least engaging in extraterrestrial films, dragged by an uninptiled story and no real tension.
Alien 3 (the "3" should be by exhibiting) is a sad entrance and Wan in what has been consulted as one of the best SF sagas never put on the screen.
He continues the story of Ripley, the space van who became-survivalist-survivalist, but that seems remarkably interested in her.
In fact, the film seems lucky to be interested in anything, it's so elegal and soft.
A little of that would have been good for the atmosphere, but the film telegraph its own tragedy from the start.
At the end of the last film (extraterrestrials), Ripley and two survivors were on the way back.
Unfortunately, an extraterrestrial pod had been deposited in their ship and ended up triggering their ejection in an escape pod.
The pod crashed on Firmina 161, a prison planet designed to shelter the criminally violent curm.
Ripley lives through the accident; the others do not do so.
The prison is a dark place, even if the prisons leave - it has been built around the remains of abandoned steel, which does not provide any techno -Gothic background for the actors against actors.
The lice are endemic, and therefore Ripley's head is shaved (another surreal touch).
At the beginning, it seems that it only has to hold an unwelcome guest until a company's rescue ship can arrive, but that does not remain so.
One of the other eggs aboard the rugged evacuation pod sheds light on the hatching, and soon a newly clear foreigner is running.
Worse, it seems that Ripley herself has been imbued.
What is bizarre is the little tension that it generates, except towards the end, when the pressure is during truette through each cheap cinematographic form of imaginable cheating: strong music, trembling camera work, etc.Sigourney Weaver became comfortable with the role, and it does well, but this time, the role was subscribed and left Slack.
Support actors are not much more to do: the doctor (Charles Dance) and another rather religious detainee (Charles S
In the light of the imminent suite, which apparently plays fast and loose with the end of this film, I will not talk about the end - except to say that they found a remarkably good end for such a dull film.
It is strange that part of the desperate and improvisation thought that they found to finish this story could not have driven the rest.