Capsule: Combine a quarter of Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Tip of A Jackie Chan Film (without Jackie), two teaspoons of pistol and swords, and a spoonful of CGI.
Simmer for 100 minutes.
Give: Zilch.
The Phantom is a depressing and tired recutation of so many films earlier and better films than after the fifteen -minute brand, I started to catalog them out loud.
It is difficult to make a good action-adventure film which does not simply recycle its predecessors, and I saw films which even made the recycling with elegance.
The Phantom, allegedly based on long -standing comics of the same name, does not even bother to be graceful.
It is a stupid and incompetent film in too many ways to register, but I will try.
The film opens with a "prelude" sequence which seems to have been reduced to the ribbons of the edition, then gave a voiceover to compensate for everything that was expelled.
We go from there to a sequence of the jungle which, I swear to God, recycle the scene of the pursuit of the truck of Raiders of the Lost Ark Note-An-Note, perhaps even pulled for Shot, until the momentWhere Indy opened its doors bears and flows one of the pilots in the brush - then continue to tear the scene of the "sorcerer" rope bridge too!
Sorcerer, as you may remember, was the remake of a French film, the wages of fear, in which a bunch of lowlifes were paid for heaps of money to drive a truck loaded with nitro through aHorrible jungle terrain.
The two versions of this film were much more interesting than this film, but I have my job to do, then return to the salt mines that we are going.
Anyway, the cinematographic flight does not stop there.
Or at least the lack of inspiration.
There is not one thing here that we have not seen, and it is not given to us in a way that evokes our interest at a distance.
We have (where is my list?)
A bad girl, a hard girl, a secret refuge of the cave (which seems more inspired by DR.
Not that anything else), a conference room meeting flowing from greed and venality, magical artifacts of terrible power, and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa wasted in another stupid role where he can wear a fu manchu and mustache mustache andsneer a lot and usually humble each other.
What else is?
The terrain is a waste of time.
The sets alternate between Big but Hokey - and tiny and always Hokey.
There are lines in the script that only begging to be MST3ked - and I'm sure that Mike and the Bots will have money, they will stick it on their sked.
The only thing in the film to note is Billy Zane - he's a good actor, and he tries very hard, even when the script sends him to an alley from one scene after another.
All I can say is that I pray this is not the beginning of the end for him - although it looks like the last nail in the coffin of the super -hers film of comics.