A fully downloaded entertainment review: Website is coming soon!
Hunter s.la fear and hates him from Thompson to Las Vegas, written in 1971, is already an American classic; not only because it was a flawless journey through the post-psychedia of the 1960s, but also becauseHe inaugurated a new form of journalism known as "Gonzo".
Shortly after writing the book, Hunter S.Thomspon became the basis of a character in Doonesbury known as Uncle Duke.
And this is the problem of fear and disgust in Las Vegas (the film.)
Although the book is one of my favorites, I now agree with Thompson's own assessment of the novel as "tireless".
The main problem is that the book, although detailing the consumption of wild drugs and the stumbled adventures, was not written on the road.
He was written and published by Hunter S.thomSpons, relatively sober, at home.
Thus, although the book represents the consumption of drugs and even more drug use, it is told with a feeling of distance and a little humor.
Hunter S.Thomspon, the narrator, although always drugged, always has a grip on reality and can still say, with journalistic capacity, what is happening around him.
This is not the case with the characters of fear and repugnance in Las Vegas.
Despite the name changes and a minor scene from the abandoned book, the film is an exact duplicate of the book, in terms of dialing.
Unfortunately, it can become boring, in the form of the excessive narration of Johnny Depp (who plays Thompson).
And the characters, while having lively personalities, are played as 2D characters on the screen: Dr.Raoul Duke (Johnny Depp, the name Raoul Duke was an alias of Thompson) and his riding companion, Dr.Gonzo(Benicio Del Toro), who is a great Samoan lawyer, has no personality or emotion at all, with the exception of lapids.
The film is very faithful to the plot (what's) of the book, in this Dr.Raoul Duke is sent by Sports Illustrated to cover the 400 mint and takes not only his lawyer Samoan but also a full car trunkof drugs.
From there, a set of stoned adventures after the other occurs, including one of the rare good scenes in which Depp, high on acid, looks at all the people of the bar around him, literally, literally,lizards.
Although the film has its moments (little), it is almost inaccessible to parts, especially towards the end.
Despite many celebrities, the stars never take off.
The decoration and the defined costumes are excellent and probably deserve an nodal nomination.
However, as we all know, these are not sets or effects that make a film, these are the characters; and frankly, these characters are not good.