The corrupter is a big silly mess of an action film, with turns of unnecessary intrigue and free violence.
It is not obnoxious, or even obviously unmanageable, but it does not make sense.
And to whom was the director of Glengarry Glen Ross makes an action film?
James Foley knows a lot about the characters and the theater, and these are the forces of the corrupter.
But the calm scenes collide with the stupidity of ridiculous action, and the result is less like a film and more like a derailed train.
At least we have Chow Yun-Gras in the main role.
Chow plays Nick Chen, a cop from Chinatown.
He is a good cop, as the first scenes are established, and he knows the Chinese district very well.
This is probably why the powers that decide to team it up with a recruit called Danny Wallace (Mark Wahlberg).
Nick and Danny start by walking on each other, but finally end up loving each other once they both have the chance to save the life of the other.
What happens after that is a kind of mystery for me.
I am quite certain that the bad guys are all part of the Fukian dragons, led by a young Chinese psycho named Bobby Vu (Byron Mann).
I am also almost sure that Nick is on the wage bill of Henry Lee (Ric Young), a gangster dealing prostitutes and other neat stuff.
I'm not sure why Henry Lee decides to use Danny, although it makes the twists and turns ridiculous (although unpredictable) along the way.
There is also an interesting secondary intrigue revolving around Danny's father (Brian Cox), but that doesn't have much to do with the main story.
One of the problems, as I said, is that the film makes no sense.
I do not blame it entirely on Foley, because he is obviously a good director.
I am more inclined to point my finger on the script of Robert Pucci, which does not seem to be in the way of how normal people act.
One scene at the start had particularly annoyed me: Nick confronts his boss because he is angry with his new white partner.
He shouts and points his finger and walks on the furniture, and I thought I would have fired him if he had done that to me.
 (In addition, the film takes a bite in the problems linked to the race and never develops them at all.)
There are many scenes like this, and none of them is very consistent.
There is also a considerable linguistic barrier, since Chow and some of the other actors have thick Chinese accents.
The intrigue itself never straightened up.
I do not know who or what the Fukian dragons are, nor why Henry Lee is associated with them, or what they do in a group.
The corrupter is an action film, and therefore all these strange intrigue developments are decorated with noisy and violent action of action.
The sequences are not bad, but they are not new; how many cars continue in the Chinese district have you seen?
On this note, how many cop movies of Chinatown have you seen?
Too much, I imagine.
Foley's strength is clearly in characterization, and it does a very good job here.
The scenes between Nick and Danny are very good, and I have in fact an idea of their characters; a link forms between them which maintains parts of the film together.
Chow and Wahlberg are both good actors; Chow is a pro and can do this kind of thing in his sleep.
Wahlberg seems less at home in this atmosphere, but he is always fun to watch.
I also liked the secondary intrigue involving Danny's father; the performance of Brian Cox is powerful, and his character makes a convincing moral compass for Danny.
But the film finally fails, mainly in the hands of a crazy inconsistency and too familiar action scenes.
A complicated plot can succeed, but history must make sense when it is over.
The corrupter never manages to have a meaning - he only turns out of control until, in the end, there remains to be preserved.