"Tina !!! search for the ax !!!"
One of my favorite books entitled The Golden Turkey Awards tells the story that when Mommie is expensive was unleashed on an audience without distrust in 1981, Paramount quickly realized that they had a problem in their hands.
It was not only disappointing performance at the film's box office.
Indeed, in the coming years, some people would return to see him two, three, even six times.
No, the main problem was that what was intended for a serious biopic of the queen of the Joan Crawford screen was to turn into a laughter of the year.
In a desperate attempt to capitalize on this unexpected turn of events, some advertising hacks have imagined scandalous printed advertisements shouting: "Mommie dear: the biggest mother of all!".
Paramount leaders were dismayed and were quickly removed from the announcements, but it was too late.
Mommie, dear, already cemented his place in the history of camp cinema.
Unfortunately, the energetic performance of Faye Dunaway, sometimes ridiculously exaggerated concerns the only feature film of the film.
Based on the trash biography of the girl Christina Crawford, Mommie Dearrest recounts a series of events mainly private in the life of her mother Moviestar.
If you believe in this film, it was a life that has been accumulated by obsession, loneliness, child abuse and creeping egmania.
The film begins with Crawford to adopt two children and ends in the office of his lawyer where his daughter and his now adult son discover that they were excluded from the will of their mother.
Joan always wanted her children to be able to fend for himself, you see.
But it is roughly the only thread of the story that manages to survive at the end of the film.
The script - laborious by four writers, a bad sign in itself - is a series of poorly connected episodes which creates little dramatic momentum.
Frank Perry's management is not more than competent, and the Garce lines of Dunaway aside, the dialogue is flat and not very involved.
In all honesty, the second half of the film abandons part of the hysterical of the cartoon and develops a degree empathy for its characters.
When the adult Christina goes from the house to her own modest accommodation, Joan visits and remains in contact, not helping her financially but encouraging Christina's theater and career ambitions.
Crawford seems to worry about his daughter, but you can feel the emotional distance and feel part of their pain.
You also have an overview of what the film could have been in the hands of better writers.
Ah, but there is the performance of Dunaway.
And what a delicious piece of camping is often.
After being dismissed by his studio after a series of failures at the box office, Crawford is at home late at night and proceeds to ballistics in the garden.
She slides the children from the bed to descend and clean the disorder she makes.
Looking for a young tree of which she does not like the look, she turns to the tremor of Christina and pronounces the immortal line "Tina !!
Think about the ax !! "
with which she proceeds with enthusiastically dismembered the poor.
In the most scandalous scene in the film, Joan realizes that some of his daughter's clothes are hung on metal wire hangers.
Oh dear !
It looks like a perfect excuse for another anger crisis, right?
This time, she gives her daughter a horrible blow while delivering another classic explosion: "No ... wire ... hangers ... never !!!!".
And later, when the board of directors of the Société de Dueur Mari Pepsi Cola tries to disintegrate her from her direction, she displays a superb understanding of the business label by jumping on her feet and roaring: "Do not fuckWith me, guys !! ".
Oh joy!
Something of a classic camp, then, but if it is not your cup of tea, Mommie is expensive does not have too much to recommend it.
Better you see The Real Crawford in the Women (1939), Mildred Pierce (1945) or everything that happened to Baby Jane (1962).
The big films distinguish D by great performances, and a much more eloquent testimony of this great woman than the piece of tabloid foam screaming by Frank Perry.