This stinking film!
Although it is designed professionally and there are decent performance, the plot is so bad that it leads the film in the abyss.
I knew that I was in difficulty when, during the establishment's opening plans, we see a detailed close to the military identity card of the adjutant Paul Brenner (John Travolta) and that is the bad color.
This may seem a minor detail, but whoever passed at any time with the army knows that the identification cards in active service are green and that the dependent cards are yellow.
And what about the superior military officer whose uniform shirt is so wrinkled that he seems to be a recruit on his first day of training.
Or what about as when Brenner tells a suspect that, because he is in the army, he has no right not to answer his questions even if these rights were at the heart of theMilitary law long before Miranda's decision.
How difficult is it to publicize the soldiers with the military to verify these facts?
Now, details like this could be overlooked if the underlying story resonated, but this story is so full of holes that it is painful to sit.
For example, at the start of the film, Paul Brenner, an army infiltration investigator, embarks on a battle of firearms and knife to his barge outside and ends up killing a merchant of arms on whichHe had investigated.
Local police investigating death are openly hostile to the military and they discover that Brenner lied to them about the murder.
But instead of stopping it, or at least taking it in police custody for another interrogation, they release it.
Duh!
In the end, Brenner is assigned to investigate the murder and possible rape of the daughter of General Commander, a young captain also assigned to the post.
When Brenner finds graphic sex bands featuring the general's daughter, he uses them to generate a list of suspects and start to grill suspects.
No, his instinct is to remove them because they could be potentially embarrassing.
Finally, Brenner discovers that this murder is linked to a violent rape at West Point eight years earlier.
I will not even enter into the totally incredible justification of the army suppression of this horrible crime.
I will just mention a final defect.
Brenner investigates a crime that occurred in Georgia.
The rape occurred in West Point, which is in New York.
It is in a very tight 36 hour deadline (and completely improbable) to resolve this case.
He must discuss rape with a psychiatrist in West Point.
Does a telephone player?
No, he travels (via very fast unexplained transport) to New York to question the psychiatrist in person, then he returns to Georgia (again by miracle transport), without worrying about the impact that all thiswill have on its deadline.
You have been warned, get away from it.