If you want to make a two -hour Hollywood in court, why take the trouble to publish it to the general public?
If you are going to create a film that will mainly appeal to the big actors and people who know Woody Allen, then why waste the time of other pencils by playing it in theaters?
By looking at Celebrity, I realized that Allen had only the marginal interest in creating a story on real people.
What he really wanted to do was continue his recent vain self-depreciation kick.
Celebrity is yet another film in which Allen tells a story about himself, living in a world he knows, dealing with people like those he really knows.
Allen recruited poor Kenneth Branagh for Bumble through this image, in an imitation of Allen so perfect that it almost made me like the film.
Branagh embodies Lee Simon, a journalist who has become editor who divorces his wife, Robin (Judy Davis), gathers with hot women (Famke Janssen, Charlize Theron, Winona Ryder), and goes to obtaining Big Stars (Melanie Griffith, Leonardo DiCaprio) to read his script on an armored car flight.
The usual elements of recent Allen films are all here, including the sexual insecurity of the main character, many self-degrading women and a tiring continuum of episodes which are only loose from each other.
Unless you work in the film industry or you personally know Woody Allen, it is unlikely that you will find a lot of interest in fame.
Aside from all the jokes, the story is not an integral part and the characters are all empty and lifeless.
Branagh proves once again that he is a super interpreter, nailing his imitation of Allen perfectly.
The problem is that he is the same character as Allen always plays, a character who becomes a little dull to look at.
I mean, come on, how many times have you seen this guy?
- He hates his work, and he cannot be satisfied on the part of a single woman and, at the end of the film, nothing has been resolved.
He brings all his problems to him (crushing his car because he receives a fellate and other waterfalls of this type), so it is quite difficult to worry about him.
In addition, isn't Allen capable of creating characters who are not only like him?
I know it is, but he did not do it in celebrity.
Vacant emotional attachment with the main character is not included in support performance.
Davis, playing the same woman with a low self -esteem that she played to deconstruct Harry, a few touching moments, but ends up with the same type of despicable celebrity that fills the rest of the film.
Some actresses are saved because of their beauty - Theron and Ryder, in particular - but they are not friendly people.
Only Famke Janssen, as editor -in -book -in -the -book interested in Simon's new novel, has any life.
Men in the photo do not do much better - Joe Mantegna is quite dull because the man who remarried Robin, while DiCaprio, as a young Christian actor Slater / Johnny Depp, is funny but disengaging.
What is really insulting about celebrity is how dull and standard "themes" are.
Allen seems to think that he is making a insightful film about how "normal" people look at celebrities.
The main problem with this is that the character with whom we are supposed to identify, Simon, is not a "normal" guy - he is just as rooted in the Hollywood image as the rest of the characters.
The other problem is that the image we obtain from these celebrities is not more enlightening than the view that the media gives us - none of them is registered as realistic and interesting characters;Parts for a boring dialogue.
In addition, Allen decides that he needs a scene in which the theme is explicitly expressed (Robin, in this scene, says something like: "It is interesting to see the way we look at all the people we celebrate! ").
The fame is undoubtedly Bigge d'Allen St Mistes to date.
He has some good scenes - Theron's super -organic model of Theron is quite funny, and the last scene could have moved if the rest of the film had shown us one or two characters.
But celebrity is a failure at the heart, unless Allen's point is to make a self-indulgent film on itself and his friends.
If he wanted to make his audience feel like outside a big joke, then he succeeded.
For my part, I don't like to feel like a stranger.