Previously, he could not become a vampire.
Usually you had to be an aristocrat - a count like Dracula or Karnstein.
To qualify, you should have a minimum of sophistication, so you would at least look cool - or sweet - when you bite the throat of a young young lady.
But today, in our too politically correct world, any Lout de Scuzzy, with long hair, unruted or to any harridans with pointed hair can put your bite.
Likewise, to be a vampire hunter, you had to have a kind of medical training and knowledge of the occult or perhaps being a kind of professional soldier, or at least the one who retired with the honors.
Not in these times.
Everything you need is sharp weapons, bales forged money and any yahoo can be a buffy - or a blade.
Without its elitist, the fear of vampires has decreased considerably due to this lack of exclusivity.
Which brings us to Blade, the last of a long line of vampire films in which, it seems, half of the population puts the bite on the other half.
Not only are there thousands of vampires, but they seem to move from city to city, reimburse the police services and, above all, establish their own exclusive raves in which the culmination is the watering system that goes out andto finish all the occupants in a blood shower.
With all this blood, you wonder why they have to drive out the victims.
You are also wondering when they get time to get their clothes dry and why no cleanser never complains about all blood stains.
Blade, who is based on a marvel comic character, is, like a comic strip, All Visual.
The intrigue is essentially the blade which makes its way through the army of vampires in search of their leader, Deacon Frost.
It's all hokum and nonsense, of course.
But the filmmakers play it directly.
Unfortunately, at least during the projection in advance that I attended, the public did not see this in this way and laughed in a large part of the procedure.
You know that a film is in difficulty when the scenes of blood and gore which should arouse cries of dread rather evoke bark of laughter.
Another revealing sign is when the public seems to admire the hero's costume more than the hero.
It also seems that it is not enough for today's vampire to simply have fangs.
He must also be competent in martial arts.
Why a supernatural being, one of the living dead, needs such skills exceeds me.
 (Of course, this concept dates back to the 1974 Shaw production in 1974, the production of legends of the seven gold vampires, in which Dracula is defeated by seven brothers and sisters of Karate.)
Wesley Snipes is buff as a blade.
He growls his lines - the few he has - and mostly spend washing - as if he suffered from indigestion or had a second reflection on the star and co -production of this turkey.
Blade is only an other example of how the Vampire film, a formerly honorable member of the horror family, has descended.
This failure mainly makes you vacuum in these picturesque times when Christopher Lee could be stopped just swinging a crucifix on his face.
Today's vampires do not have the plume, the style of a Bela Lugosi or a Christopher Lee.
They are not even worthy enough to transport these large blood capes.
They are more eccentric than frightening.
This whole company is a dull blade that could have used a lot of sharpening.