The last vampire-films offers a lot of blood and blood, but beyond-nothing.
Jack Crow (James Woods) is a professional vampire killer who secretly works for the Vatican.
Its mission and its male mission is to clean the land of vampires.
They lost the account of the number of vampires they have massacred, but they have always been escaped.
Valek (Thomas Ian Griffith)-Dark Messias and Sovereign of the living dead who are older than time itself.
For all eternity, the vampires have sought their salvation - the black cross.
With the cross in their possession, the vampires will be able to walk in the sun.
After that, it is the humans or the vampires who will dominate the earth ...
I never liked John Carpenter and his style.
After seeing this film, my opinions have not changed.
John Carpenter remains John Carpenter.
However, due to the self-irony of the film, black humor and fascinating cinematography, I would say that it is its greatest success for a very long time.
Neither the synopshes nor the direction of Carpenter are original.
But there are some things that are interesting.
The director's negative point of view on the Catholic Church, for example.
At the end of the film, it becomes clear that Cardinal Alba (Maximilian Schell) simply used Crow and his team to find Valek, so that he would earn eternal life.
Otherwise, Catholic priests are represented cool - drink, smoke and break the rool of celibacy.
Carpenter has created an interesting atmosphere.
Located in a new Mexican dessert, it rocks between the brilliant golden sunrises and bloody colors, symbolically illustrating good and evil through light and darkness.
More than anything in this film, this simple illustration shows the battle between good and evil.
The cinematography of Gary B.Kibbe is probably the greatest success of the film.
Music (composed by John Carpenter himself) is sometimes effective, special effects and makeup also deserve an opinion.
Regarding the casting (in an intellectual film like this is the last problem; everyone can cry and swing the ax!), But here James Woods is surprisingly convincing.
He is macho and cool as a dedicated hunter, who lost his family because of the "race of evil".
Woods is constantly exaggerated, which really saves the film from falling into the trap of serious importance.
Daniel Baldwin is also entertaining as a faithful partner of Crow.
The other members of the distribution are in difficulty.
Because the film does not take itself too seriously, it remains afloat.
It's always like most vampire films - a mediocre experience.