Towards the end of 1998, a Japanese cartoon came to USA television, and was really not that big.
In fact, few people even knew what Pokémon was, but in 1999, he struck big with children and adults, and became one of the greatest sellers of franchises and goods of all time.
In fact, it even generated a big screen adventure pokemon: the first film which, for what it was, was not so bad.
He brought in $ 31 million during his opening weekend and had nearly $ 90 million.
Fans thought it was great and is now a second film in the craze for Pokemon, "Pokemon: The Movie 2000" which is much lower than the original animated film.
First of all, the intrigue, which there is really not much, in fact the intrigue what is: a villain trying to destroy the ancients never seen Pokémon, Lugia, is on this subject, exceptThe fact that Ash Kethcum The best Pokémon coach must try to stop it before destroying this Pokemon forever.
Well, you go there, of course, Ash is followed by his friends Misty, Brock, Gary and his friends Pokémon, Pikachu, Squirtle, Charizard, the usual.
Even if the first film was not a great film, it was definitely a very well done film with a real real script.
This new film is nothing other than garbage, there is nothing good at her, and her only good thing comes from an animation and terrible colors.
Compared to the first film, this film is terribly bland, from its opening titles to the final titles, it does its best to function, but fails miserably on every corner.
The characters are unidimensional, the story thinly like chicken broth and very lame writing.
Even the so-called action scenes are extremely lame and fall before it even has the chance to leave.
The voices are not even so good and almost have the impression that the stars do not want to be there, as they can say that it is a bad extremel film.
What is certainly.
The film has something going on and it's animation, but not up to Disney standards, it is always very good with interesting CGIs and a very colorful animation, the colors jump very quickly and seem very goodputfilm.
Why a film that Bad has obtained such a good treatment with his animation is always a question to which we answer, I hope that Pokemon 3 next year will be much better than this trash.
For the moment, look at the first.
it's much better.