It happens every year - the days are getting longer, the weather warms up and the studios are starting to release their big budget blockbusters.
This year's harvest already seems to be lower than that of past summers, even the dull trio of Batman & Robin of 1997, the fifth element and the lost world.
Marketing Blitz in 1998 was centered on Godzilla ("Heere, Lee-Zerd, Lee-Zerd ..."), which does not make me optimistic about future summers.
Godzilla is, of course, based on a series of cult films (translation: Really bad films, only a few people can tolerate) from Japan who appear very late at night on the cable stations belonging to Ted Turner.
The fact that this big budget remake will not exceed its roots is quite obvious.
The credits show us the origin of Godzilla.
In five words: the nuclear explosion creates a giant lizard.
It looks like a title of investigating, right?
The cloud of mushrooms is followed by the inevitable sequence of "discovery".
This time, a Japanese eat noodles with chopsticks while looking at Sumo's struggle (if it is not a stereotype ...)
When he discovers the revealing radar blip.
People die.
Cut to our protagonist, played by Matthew Broderick.
He made his first appearance with headphones, waving to "sing in the rain".
It is a not too subtle sign that he wants him to be in a more classy film.
No dice, bueller.
From the start, poor Matthew had to do embarrassing things like giant earthworms and stand in the huge footprint of Godzilla.
Each film in the event of a disaster must have a Know-it-All scientist, and this time Broderick is.
As a first global expert on radiated earthworms (and wouldn't you like to have printed it on your business card?),
Broderick is invaluable for the government.
He immediately dissipates Vicki Lewis' theory that Godzilla is a dinosaur because, hey, you cannot take the intellectual arguments of "newsradio" actors seriously.
Broderick rather hits the nail on his head, announcing Godzilla is a radiated lizard.
 "Radiation is not an anamoly," he announces, and lightning strikes.
 "I think it's a mutated abbot," he continues, and lightning strikes again.
It is the Lightning vocabulary, you see, activated by words of four syllables or more.
Meanwhile, we are presented to our casting in New York, led by an ambitious radio journalist (Maria Patillo), the former love of Brooderick.
GEE, what are the chances that their paths will cross again at a dramatically important moment?
Poor Patillo has been trying to progress in the news sector for years, but has been retained by the heartless Anchorman Harry Shearer.
The Italian cameraman Hank Azaria tells her that she is not ruthless enough: "Nice does not make you anywhere in this city.
It's a dog eats a dog. "
In fact, it is Lizard Eat City, while Godzilla emerges from the Atlantic to start an outburst on the heart of the Big Apple.
The filmmakers provide us with a drunk fisherman with a note that hooks Godzilla.
 "I think I have a bite," he announced while a gigantic tidal wave begins to rush to him.
You can guess what happens next.
Similar reactions spring up while the monster lurks the city.
Hearing the rumble of the approach approach, a New Yorker remarks: "Please don't tell me that it is another parade."
Please don't tell me that this is the best line you can find.
Mayor Ebert is not happy.
Played by the director of "Head of the Class", he continuously makes the wrong decision when she gave an option and bickers with her assistant gene.
I guess the filmmakers knew they would get two inches from criticism and did not even bother to kiss the ass.
The problem is that if you are going to attack Siskel and Ebert, you should at least make it funny.
Dialogue like: "We do not agree that we would not have had candies before the elections?"
Followed by "Back OFF, Gene", simply does not work for me.
Another blade flowing Oly Kes include everyone badly pronouncing the family name of the character of Brooderick and the inability of French Jean Reno to find a good cup of coffee in New York.
There is even more pleasure in having as Godzilla progresses.
As the beast is hiding, Broderick suggests that the army attracts it with food.
Picked twelve dump trucks, all dropping fish in an intersection in New York.
 (Broderick: It's a lot of fish.)
This ambush fails, but Broderick quickly discovers why Godzilla came to New York by buying $ 50 of pregnancy tests at home and passing blood in lizard through them.
Yes, Godzilla with children, which you ask you what kind of creature would be excited enough to have sex with Godzilla.
It is until Broderick explains that Godzilla reproduces asexually, like Linda Tripp.
Godzilla comes to us from the day of the creators of independence, so he has a lot of stupid action scenes, destructive special effects and shallow sub-stintrigues.
Look no further than the betrayal of Broderick Patillo (Patillo: What did I do, Animal?
What I have become?) And the climate sequence of "Godzilla's Nest" in Madison Square Garden.
The main difference is that the day of independence concerned the experience.
There was a real global and patriotic element and some really funny characters.
Godzilla has a lot of rain and lightning, a reptilian action scammed by Jurassic Park and an endless placement of products like Kodak, Blockbuster, Juicy Fruit, Swatch, Sprint and Bumble Bee tuna.
Yes, Bumble Bee actually paid to be known as the official tuna of Godzilla.
This fact alone is twice as interesting as anything in the film.