The famous director of the action of Hong Kong, Tsui Hark, team up with Jean-Claude Van Damme when associated with the star of action in 1997 with Dennis Rodman, _double_team_, and managed to do whatseemed to be a disaster in a smooth, elegant and somewhat entertaining rabbit.
Tsui continues to accumulate vigorously on Visual Razzle dazzling in his latest collaboration with the muscles of Brussels, _knock_off_, but this time, I do not save a script which is at best ridiculous and worse incomprehensible;Truly ugly crowd of performance.
The writer Steven E. The fairly simple conspiracy of Desouza is not also in addition to the strange thread of _Double_Team_ involving a secret reflection group / prison, but that has so much meaning, which is small.
Van Damme plays Marcus Ray, a sales representative based in Hong Kong for a jeans company (!) Treeing on a Russian terrorist program to set up powerful micropile bombs in HK products exports to the U.S.--- Dolls,Electronic equipment and, yes, jeans.
All this is part of a type of ransom diagram, but everything I remember is - and I don't make fun - graphics on a CIA computer screen showing a world card, explosive bombs and aFigure bearing a hat on the other side of the world that bursts out laughing ...
 ... This is what the crowd on the show that I assisted spontaneously did spontaneously throughout _knock_off_.
While all Van Damme's films have its share of involuntary laughter, mainly due to the agitated "skills" of the van damme physically agile, _knock_off_ offers more than usual (but not as much as the embarrassing implementation effortde Van Damme, _The_The_quest_) from 1996.
Many laughs are won by particularly painful lines from Desouza: "I smoked this hard to cook like a Roman candle!"
And "Entrepreneurship, Babycakes!"
stand out among my favorites.
But it is indeed the pathetic performance that provides most of the laughter of _knock_off_.
Van Damme is faithful to the laughable form, perhaps even worse than usual.
The first scenes are in fact to make funny with the co-star Rob Schneider (in an unlikely way as a CIA agent of deep covering posing as Marcus's trading partner), and the view and the sound of the van stillAccentuated by Marcus unfortunately trying to drop punchlines stirring in the wrong direction.
Even the right actors are generally not immune to the bug of the bad actor.
Paul Sorvino is not convincing and terribly overworked as a superior of the Schneider CIA; and Lela Rochon, playing an investigator for the Jeans Society, passes the whole film in perpetual snarl mode.
In Rochon's defense, however, his role forces him to do a little more than display her tonic legs, his exquisite bone structure and her healing breasts, the latter coming at hand for a key scene where she must fishFor microbombs stuck in its large neckline.
Tsui resumes where he had stopped visually in _double_team_, even in the procedure with an inventive camera work.
Here, however, the visual dazzling boundaries of Tsui de Tsui on Over Kill, happening as desperate attempts to protect the inanity of the whole business.
For each clever tip, Tsui takes away, like a recurring visual theme that has the camera that literally crosses the circuits of electronic devices, there are others which are completely superfluous.
This is particularly disconcerting when the tip in question could be intelligent when used in the right context.
For example, a scene from the start put its hand in a box.
As he puts his hand, the same action is shown from an aerial camera angle in a rectangle in the corner of the screen.
It is undoubtedly an interesting visual, but it would have been good if its use really was equivalent to something.
The test of a Van Damme film comes down to the action sequences, but surprisingly, those of _knock_off_ leave much to be desired.
Tsui does what he can do with something, using freezing frames, a blurred movement, a D Unconventional camera angles, but there is nothing fundamentally special in the fairly generic prosecution and combat sequences written by Desouza.
There is nothing as fun as the fight Tiger / Land Mine Climactic Tiger in _Double_Team_, not to mention everything that is at a distance near the legendary Hong Kong of Tsui (but it is a data in progress).
If Tsui has a hope of approaching the success of the United States of his compatriot John Woo, he would better free himself from Van Damme ...
before it is too late .
If he continues his involvement in quality films B such as _knock_off_, the respect he has fans of HK action will continue to decrease ...
In other words, if he has not already disappeared entirely after this fiasco.