Mighty Joe Young collapses for almost twenty minutes before seeing a big big gorilla.
His entry, however, is large: out of the trees he jumps, gargantuan and imposing, sporting his hands large enough to crush a Bug of Volkswagen, and a pair of feet much larger than any professional basketball player.
Joe Bellows with poachers before him, angry that they like to kill him and sell him for millions of dollars.
During this scene, I turned to my friend and I said, "Wow.
It's a monkey. "
Joe is quite a gorilla - a big digital gorilla.
He runs in the fields, chasing cars and people.
He picks things up and looks at them thoughtively.
He breaks things by accident, because he is simply too large to avoid clumsiness.
Joe, as a special effect, is an image that could hold your interest for five minutes.
As a character, he is not quite registered.
And the story in which it was told is as ugly as possible.
The words "family entertainment" have never been a quality cachet, but I could Joe Young is only a silly film of special effects pretending to have a heart.
The image is a remake of the 1949 film.
It is above all the big gorilla, but, strictly as a formality, the film also has some human characters.
The main one is Jill Young (poor Charlize Theron, forced to waste his talent), a lover of the gorillas.
As a child, she saw a group of poachers assassinating her mother; now she lives in the jungle to protect fauna.
More specifically, she is there to protect Joe, a giant gorilla who has been her friend since her childhood.
Soon, the zoologist Gregg O'Hara (Bill Paxton) discovers Joe; he quickly realizes that the poachers want to get Joe and sell him to a big game hunter named Strasser (Rade Sherbedgia), who happens to be the same guy whokilled Jill's mother.
Thus, in an effort to save Joe, Jill and Gregg take the big gorilla to a reserve, where it is instantly clear that it is not safe from poachers.
In addition, the space is far too small for him (after all, it is a very big gorilla).
And, to add to the complications, Strasser presents himself under a benevolent pretext (he tells Jill that he has a preserving large enough for Joe), and Joe recognizes Strasser as the guy who killed Jill's mother.
Jill, of course, does not recognize Strasser, even if he killed his mother.
This is only one of the many examples of stupidity of Mighty Joe Young, a film that filled all the stereotypes that accompany a film of special effects.
The film is not really offensive - it has competent actors, some clever sets and many scenes with a large digitized gorilla.
But the story is really stupid, there are no characters, and the film is not satisfactory at any level beyond its visuals.
The film also has a bad dialogue.
If a critic says that a film has a bad dialogue, it is just to quote a game, but most of the words spoken on this image are sentences like "Joe is not happy!"
And "Joe is not safe here!"
 "We have to get Joe out of here!"
 "Joe is far too big for this cage!"
I don't know if these sentences are a word for a word, but they are close.
As I said, the characters here are only present as a formality: they do little more than to state the evidence (of * Cours * Joe is too big for this cage).
Paxton and Theron are talented artists who deserve to work on a script that provides them with characters.
Unfortunately, Mighty Joe Young is both waste them.
There are a few intelligent moments (although none of them are surfaced in my memory right now) and, as I said, the digital effects caught my attention for at least five minutes.
It is certainly not a bad film for children; I doubt that Joe will make them nightmares.
But public adults probably do not find much interesting on the big gorilla.
A big gorilla is only interesting for a while; after that, something should Be finished with the big gorilla.
No one never discovers what to do with the big gorilla.