If the snake eyes were a dog, you would sleep it.
If it was a sofa, you met him on the sidewalk, where he would stay for a week.
If it was your child, you would read military school catalogs.
If it was a ship - no, it would not be the Titanic, it would imply glamor and the tragedy - it would be the Exxon Valdez.
 (Personal side note: I saw this film on the road during a business trip to Houston.
For any reason, the cable system of my hotel did not show the game Astros-Braves, which presented a match of Maddux Randy Johnson-Greg.
It forced me to pay the full price for snake eyes instead of looking at a perfectly good baseball game for free - so the invent, deserved as it is, should be seen in this perspective.)
Snake Eyes is supposed to be a mystery film, and the good mysteries films are supposed to let you ask yourself questions when leaving the theater.
Snake Eyes is not a good mystery film, but I had questions: where is the manager, and how to get a readmission pass?
If I fall asleep back home and I destroy my rent, can I continue Brian de Palma?
Is it too late for the Academy to revoke Nicolas Cage's Oscar?
Would someone please (I beg you) give Gary Sinise a role worthy of his talents?
And how, exactly Cage ends up wearing exactly the same shirt and the same tie as Sinis?
The first most false thing with snake eyes is the trailer.
If you saw the trailer without seeing the film, consider yourself luck.
The trailer is a work of pure genius.
He manages to transmit everything worthy of the film - the work of remarkable steadicam, the exuberance of the performance of cage as a police officer of the completely corrupt Atlantic city, the essential elements of the marginal intrigue.
The expert craftsman who has reconstructed a fairly good trailer from extracts from a miserable film deserves praise and a percentage of crude.
 (Is the best category of trailer for the Oscars is far-fetched, after all?)
But everything he does is to prepare for an extremely disappointing film.
The trailer is putting in place what should have been a promising plot: the detective Ricky Santoro (cage) must resolve the mystery of who shot the defense secretary during an à la carte boxAtlantic City.
Unfortunately, there are several current problems.
The trailer gives a lot, too much in history.
The shooter is killed instantly, so the story revolves around the reason why the secretary has been killed and which is involved in the plot.
The secret of the film is at best ho-hum, and anyone who watched the trailer and who is aware of the law of the characters' economy can understand who is the best conspirator.
Without an interesting intrigue, without interesting dialogue, and without much reason to worry about the characters or the story, Snake Eyes is a failure at almost all possible levels.
As much I hated this film, I have to give Brian de Palma a little credit.
De Palma is exasperatingly incoherent.
He can, that day, create incredibly well-made films (the untouchables, the Carlito way).
On exit days, it can be, well, just horrible (the joy fire of vanities, raising Cain).
Snake Eyes falls into the horrible category, but there are a few moments that are worth seeing strictly for their value of cinematographic difficulty.
The opening scene of Steadicam does a good job to introduce the character of Cage and is a virtuoso technical work by the director and the actor.
There is a shared screen chase scene that looks pretty good, and it is followed by a view of the eyes of God from a hotel room that is imagined.
This is called giving the devil his due.
But technical competence does not even get closer to evil of this film.
By placing intrigue holes on one side for a while, Snake Eyes easily presents the worst boxing match in the history of cinema (George Foreman is in better shape than film boxers), a Hurri The cane which exists for no other reason than to punctuate significant intrigues with peaceful thunderclaps, and perhaps the worst, the most too elaborate, ending in years.
Snake Eyes is a criminal act, a bad waste of time and talent.
The cage, the sinis and yes, even palma, deserve better.
The public deserves better - but no reimbursement, no readmission, no free popcorn coupon, can never eat the time we have spent or wash the horrible images of our mind.
However, we end up with a single consolation, that we were warned by the title of the film - because Snake Eyes is nothing more than a roll of craps.