Ironically, one of the themes of 200 cigarettes is that you should try to get the most out of every moment of life.
Unfortunately, I will no longer be able to say that I have lived every moment of my life as much as possible, because I spent 95 minutes otherwise perfectly good, watching this sad excuse for a film.
In fact, smoking 200 cigarettes in the same 95 minutes could not be worse for you than watching the film.
Not only is it a pathetically bad film overall, but 200 cigarettes actually have no qualities of buyout.
The layout is dispersed, thin and predictable; the game is monumentally bad; and the style of film making looks like a domestic video.
It is December 31, 1981 and the big party is at the house of Monica (Martha Plpton).
But no one has arrived yet.
His 8 guest guests and several people they chose throughout the evening wander in the streets of New York in various groups.
Some of them know themselves by their common link to have slept with Monica, and some are total foreigners.
But they all have to face their own personal neuroses before the end of the night.
Those who are invited are those who have the problems.
It is to those who do not help them to reconcile.
First there is Eric (Brian McCardie) who is a former boyfriend of Monica and only overcomes the sorrow of their relationship ending prematurely because of her sexual performance, or his absence.
He is one of the most bland characters, in a film full of dull, because he is so predictable and stereotypical, a common feature of this bad production.
Bridget (Nicole Parker) and Caitlyn (Angela Featherstone) who are both extremely sensual young women in search of someone to manage their desires on the evening of the New Year and label the party with them.
They come across an unnamed bartender (Ben Affleck) who is the only really perfect character in an imperfections film.
It is lower than sexual deprivation or uncertain of its future, because it is at the Faculty of Law.
His lack of faults is boring, unrealistic and painful to watch.
While Bridget and Caitlyn make him sites, you are neither entertained nor humored by the lower quality comedy.
By switching to something else, there is Val (Christina Ricci) and Stephie, (Gabby Hoffman) 2 teenagers with a false identification and very different thoughts.
Val is the cousin of Monica and a real fan of the New York scene.
On the other hand, Stephie is convinced that she is vulnerable to crime when the two venture from their usual locations in search of the party that they simply do not find.
Paradoxically, there are 2 punks that they meet in a bar (in fact, they try to flee their presence, but which do not succeed) which guide them through their fears and force a level of relaxation on their distorted mind.
Of all incredibly dull and uninteresting couples, only one tackles a level of decency in both the game and the plot.
Shallly, the creators of the film strongly put the emphasis on Lucy (Courtney Love) and Kevin (Paul Rudd) who are the best friends and share the common bond of being unrelated.
Paul has just broken up with Ellie (Janeane Garofalo) for a long time) and begins to reconcile with her loss when Lucy informs her that Ellie had slept during their relationship.
However, the only complexity of these two characters is that they seem to want to be more than friends, and this is reiterated when they try sex in a bathroom stand at more than one opportunity during this strangeevening.
Finally, there are the two worst performances and the worst film sub -intry.
Jack (Jay Mohr) and Cindy (Kate Hudson) have been going out for a short time and Jack just learned that he had taken Cindy's virginity the day before.
As she tries to play this and to be her usual self, he is a predictable repugnant man while he tries to face a chain in one T stands which includes the recently deflowered Cindy.
Very often, when a film is as putrid as this production, there will be at least a decent quality of films to reveal a moment of occasional glory.
However, this film has neither the quality of cinematography nor the moments of glory to highlight.
Instead, what you get is a collection of rough and inconsistent cuts, bad continuity and inaccuracies.
First, and the most notable is that when the film goes from one intrigue secondary to the other, there is no apparent order it follows, and it is also weekly by unnecessary modifications of stage toThe scene and filming.
At other times, the objects seem to get up and move and the hairstyles and costumes change their shot to the other.
There are also at least 4 scenes in a taxi going from start to finish.
Not in one of them, whoever pays the driver.
And yet, no matter how miserable this film can be, and no matter how poor the game is, there was a radius of hope for these many bad plots.
Maybe if the manufacturers had decided to focus on one or two or, perhaps, even three, there may have been time and opportunity for character development, or a quality actor, or evenA decent reward at the end.
But that didn't happen in this way.
The distribution of quality name actors was forced to roles that even one of them could not convert into poor performance, and each scenario crashed and burned faster than it should be forThe ball falls at midnight.