It would be difficult to choose the best American political thriller.
Some people would probably choose the Manchurian candidate and others (including me) would choose seven days in May.
These two films were stretched exercises in the chills.
The two films were released at two years from each other and the two were made by the same man, John Frankenheimer.
But it was respectively from 1962 and 1964.
For most of the rest of his career, Frankenheimer has made decent films, but has not shown few promises that these two thrillers have shown.
Each of these films had memorable characters and a tense intrigue.
They had almost nothing in the path of prosecution or the shooting game.
The thrills came from the plot.
Ronin is like a film directed by another man.
Somewhere behind all the shots and explosions and car prosecution, there are the basics of the plot, but we only see tiny pieces.
We get a clue here and a there on what is happening but J.D. The scenario of Zeik is a little obscure.
The film begins to explain that a Ronin is a samurai without a master's degree.
When a samurai failed in the protection work of his death master, he becomes a Ronin, much like a gray weapon in the American West.
If you miss the opening, don't worry.
This film will explain again what a Ronin is.
Sam (played by Robert de Niro) is the modern equivalent of a Ronin.
It is a free agent who seems to have very good instincts on the way of staying alive the world of a professional killer.
He was clearly in a dangerous company at some point and now he seems to derive alone somewhere in France.
Sam is recruited in a Montmartre bar by Dierdre (Natascha Mcelhone of the Truman Show), an Irish woman, to be part of an action to steal a mysterious case of metal.
Dierdre is very tight on what is in the case.
Sam joins a team of four others: Vincent (Jean Reno of the Professional / Leon and Mission Impossible), Spence (Sean Bean, Richard Sharpe of TV, as well as Patriot Games and Goldeneye), and Gregor (Stellan Skarsgard of Breaking The Waves and Goodvoltéof hunting ) .
Larry (Skipp Suddeth) is also located.
The group seems to know their business, in particular Sam, but everyone is in its cold and professional way with its own field of expertise.
Their only human side seems to be in tensions among the members of the team.
The story is not very easy to follow.
It is never clear that crosses the double who and who works for whom.
In one way or another, the Russians (who may or may not be the Russian mafia) and the Irish radicals are involved by trying to get their hands on a certain metallic case.
Some very good actors are involved in this film.
One wonders what they saw in the script.
The characters are mainly unidimensional professional killers.
They know their work, and see their thought models adds a certain interest in the film, but for this group, a deep feeling between two people associates itself with another killer so that neither is killed.
At the end of the film, we have never really known anyone.
This is perhaps the secret of the reason why such good actors have taken pieces, because they are not very demanding characters to create.
In addition to the above characters, the film also presents Jonathan Pryce and Michael Lonsdale (the latter of Moonraker and the superior thriller on the day of the jackal).
As a renewal of a kind of popular action film in the 1960s, I hoped that there would be something here to grasp and appreciate.
Unfortunately, there are no deep characters, and little to pay attention that ends up ending up with the metal case or why they want it.
I note Ronin has 4 on scale 0 to 10 and a 0 on the scale of -4 to +4.
Non-spiler: by the way, the story of the 47 Ronin has been filmed several times, generally under the title Chushingura or like the 47 Ronin.
We often see frequently in Japanese art the image of a man breaking down a door with a huge mallet.
This is the first blow of the 47 Ronin.