Synopsis: The life of a police officer without humor changes when he became friends with a super intelligent and super adorable Golden Retriever named Einstein and a pretty young blonde scientist.
Unfortunately, Einstein shares a psychic link with a creation of Bigfoot size monkeys formed by the blond scientist to be an unstoppable killing machine, and this Rogaine-Mightmare is loose and after the dog and the girl.
Meanwhile, a group of agents from the white NSA, chain and firearm smokers in sunglasses and business costumes is trying to kill all the other characters in the film.
Comments: Watchers Reborn, a low-cost direct-video Turkey, is the fourth suite of the first cinematographic version of Dean Koontz's successful novel.
Technically, it should have been called Watchers V, but it seems that this cycle of horror films, a bit like many other series of crazy films in the sequelae, decided to drop the figures from the titles.
 (Even Star Trek's films dropped the numbers of their titles after Star Trek VI.)
The manufacturers of Reborn observers probably want to deceive video rental customers without distrust by thinking that it could be a good film instead of a fifth shitty episode of a series of films that should have died a long time ago.
It's really not a good film.
Have you ever rented a film and received a feeling of shipwreck on this subject when you watched the previews preceding the presentation of the features?
Well, all hope that a spectator may have had, perhaps because he is a fan of the novelist Dean Koontz or actor Mark Hamill, will be destroyed when he saw the trailers marked beforeThe start of Watchers Reborn.
They are horrible.
These advertisements cover films like A Strange Stripper Movie entitled Shadow Dancer, some bizarre bullshit on a dead Indian, adolescents and wolves, and an "action" film titled Detonator showing Scott Baio.
Scott Baio!
What idiot dreamed of this film?
After having survived these abyssal trailers, the person can finally watch the film he rented: Reborn observers.
 "Maybe it will not be * if * bad" can say.
 "Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, the low-flown film of the announced cannon before it is very misleading.
Reborn observers, after all, are based on this nice book, Dean Koontz, wrote a decade ago.
He features Mark Hamill - Luke Skywalker himself of this formidable Star Wars trilogy.
Lou Rawls is even in the mixture! "
Unfortunately, the strength is certainly no longer with Mark Hamill (he looks very sick here), and this film only shares the basic elements of the intrigue with the observers, the book.
The latter is really too bad.
Koontz is a hacking writer producing too much thrillers for his own good, but he is always my favorite hacking writer.
Koontz has a writing style that is succinct and suspense.
However, people who read many of his books often complain of repetitive conspiratorial devices.
It is certainly not a Koontz book if there is not (1) a psychic, (2) a super intelligent dog, or (3) a psychotic killer who likes to tear the eyeballs of people.
Watchers has the three devices, which can explain why he is probably the most popular of Koontz's books.
The idea behind Koontz's novel, although very incredible, is very interesting.
Basically, an organic war machine is created: an intelligent dog can be released in combat, regain its target, then relay the position of the target, psychically, to a great creature designed to kill the melee.
Idress but a little neat too.
I'm sorry .
I don't want to walk around questions not directly linked to Reborn observers, the film.
I guess I just don't want to talk about the film itself.
This turkey is really cheesy.
No one in this film can act, including Mark Hamill, and it is difficult to see the aging of Luke Skywalker falling while trying to be the hero.
The cheese factor is only increased when involved in an implicit sex scene with the Biologist / Generician / Blond Zoologist / Why-F * * K-SHE'S-SUPPO SED-TO who is friends.
Fortunately, the filmmakers have chosen not to make a nudity.
To be honest, the only half -dedicated actor in the film is the Golden Retriever who plays Einstein.
You know that a film is bad when a dog expresses all of its human counterparts.
I find it difficult to tell how laughable the action sequences are in this film.
And the creature!
Yes, the creature after poor Einstein is a guy in a fur costume and a mask that badly imitates werewolves in the howls.
This creature is turned by around 500,000 times, but it's okay.
The creature has the ability to kill people by swinging their arms and pushing.
Oh, it can also tear the parts of the body, allowing many scenes of false hands and arms.
Gore Ringard.
This is another main element of Reborn observers.
He has many bloody scenes that are not convincing and only increased the film's campsite rather than his suspense.
In the end, I gave observers Reborn a star and a half because bad horror / science fiction moviegoers can get a few kicks of the stupidity of the film (although this film will even tax their patience - C'is an 83 -minute film, but it is four hours).
In addition, I hate admitting that I have survived much worse than that.
Anyone who was seated through the debacle of Christopher Lambert and Natasha Henstridge known as adrenaline: fear the rush what I mean.
Finally, I could not help but think that Reborn observers would work well as "Bot Fodder" for creative people behind one of my favorite shows of all time, "Mystery Science Theater 3000".
This thought alone helped me survive observers to be reborn with a smile on my face.
Classified R, the Reborn observers contains dozens of bodies splashed with unconvincing blood and gore.
He also has violence, of course.
I would not recommend it to small children, but I am sure that even young teenagers would travel this film.
Instead of watching this film, however, I recommend reading Koontz's book.
Believe me, it will be a lot, much better spent.