The Doom Generation by Gregg Araki was perhaps the worst film never made.
So why did I see his latest installment in adolescent bisexual anxiety?
First of all, some journals were quite positive.
In addition, the distribution, made up of cameos of dozens of stars of the old television (including Christopher Knight, Eve Plumb, Shannen Doherty and David Leisure) was promising.
Finally, I wanted to give Arraki one more chance.
I mean, the guy can't be so intra-talent, isn't it?
The answer to this question is three letters.
Nowhere follows the dark character of his wild and strange journey through Los Angeles.
Since Arraki does not know how to do something coherent, it is difficult to describe the intrigue.
Let's just say that Dark spends most of the film whine that his girlfriend will not commit to him and jealous because she sleeps with other guys and girls.
The only convincing distant scenario concerns Sarah Lassez in adolescence who has a fortuitous meeting with a famous television star.
He turns out to be a nice guy who does not care about glory and wants him to be able to walk in the street without being assaulted by fans.
This story has a shocking turn and a tragic end that I have not seen coming.
This is the first time that I have felt a compassion for a character created by Arraki, and this can be attributed to the attractive performance of Lassez.
I thought that Arraki perhaps improved in his job.
He works better with the camera this time, especially in the first scenes.
Halfway through the film, I did not necessarily find myself enjoying the film, but it seemed to be a considerable improvement compared to the generation of conviction.
Then, over the film, Arraki loses all sensitivity and presents us that explodes, twisted sex games and extraterrestrial kidnappings.
It's sad, because he almost in fact had decent material here, but he ruined it with his usual director "I am a filmmaker of Maverick Renegade, look at what I can do".
The performance is generally better than in the generation of destiny, which does not say much.
At least, we don't have to suffer from Jonathan "I am the most hideous man in America" Schaech.
However, we have treated another cycle of James "I am more wood than Keanu" Duval.
Sarah Lassez gives the best performance in the film, and Kathleen Robertson (formerly of 90210 and now the woman in Arraki) and Rachel True are talented actresses taken in this mess.
Among the cameras of the television star, John Ritter is the most interesting as a disturbed right -wing televisionist.
If I prefer nowhere to the generation of misfortune, it is only in the way that I would prefer to be murdered that to receive constant physical torture.
Maybe Greg Arki doesn't want you to love his characters.
Maybe he wants to laugh and make fun of those of us who try to worry about them.
Maybe he just wanted to piss me off.
If so, he succeeded.