With Shawnee Smith; Donovan Leitch; Ricky Paull Goldin; Kevin Dillon & Billy Beck The Blob is the remake of the classic of the 1960s (a term that I use very freely to define the original) on a really mean goop glob that eliminatesEverything that bothers.
Now, the original version has the virtue of the cheesy special effects which give it a kind of nostalgic campical sensation.
The fact that Steve McQueen was the star of the film does not hurt either.
Quick advance at the end of the 80s.
Steve McQueen is not in remake (it could have something to do with the fact that he has pushed the Marguerites for years).
There are also no Hollywood strikers in the main role.
It is unless you count Matt Dillon's brother, Kevin, as a heavy striker of Hollywood.
The other thing that works against this new blob is that special effects technology has improved considerably from the original.
The only things you need to have great special effects in a film are deep pockets.
It seems that the products of the new Blob had a few holes in their pockets.
The special effects of this film are cheesy, like the originals.
Unlike the original, they don't seem Campy, they look cheap.
Shawnee Smith is a bright point in the film from a purely sexist point of view.
It is very attractive and can actually act, which is more than what I can say about some of its Costars.
In terms of intrigue, a small ball of pink goop falls from the sky.
It seems that this goop was an experience that was hosted on a satellite.
Anyway, pink stuff has a taste for humans.
The more it absorbs people, the greater it is.
And it is not the most sympathetic goop of the block either.
Anyway, he attacks this small town and it is the pretty local teenage population to stop it.
Not really, but that's how it seems.
This version is trying to take the camp of the original.
As I have already said, this new version of the Blob stands out more cheap, badly played and badly written than Campy.
In the years that followed this film, none of the actors has succeeded in size.
However, Star Shawnee Smith played a very small role in Armageddon.
The reason why we have not heard of any of any of them is no longer simple - they all complicated themselves aloud.
Although some of the smallest roles in the film are filled with certain actors who, although not large stars, are undoubtedly people you will recognize from their support roles in other films and television programs.
It also seems that the Blob producers have tried to compensate for the absence of a special effect budget by making the scenes in which the Blob makes meals from the blood as bloody as possible.
Unfortunately, this does not work very well.
If you want to see a large goop ball terrorize a city, I would say you should skip the remake and rent the original.
 (Although it is not so hot either.)
This new version is really lacking in the qualities of buyout.