A sensual romantic comedy, almost as attractive as your average light television sitcom.
There is no special ingredient on the menu for what is done, this is the kind of thing I have seen before and that I was nauseated by his silly idea of love and what'She thinks she is funny.
The film plans to exploit the beauty and the sweetness of its delicious star pen? Lope Cruz, who embodies a Brazilian chef with a magical touch for having brought out the spices in his preparations, the aromas turn sensually from his cooking pot,But who cannot fend for himself in this story in a predictable transparent way.
Penope was wonderful at Pedro Almod? Var is "All about My Mother", but here she is so visible in such a story, where she cannot smile and tease the audience by making us see a constant dam of cleavage thenThat she leans during cooking, that she looks in one way or another ridiculous, as if she had an egg all over the face.
The best you can say about it is that it is not to blame for this image to be so extinct.
This exploitation of the sexual film without even delivering nudity or sex, is in my opinion, worse than a hot film which offers what it says.
The story concerns love, transport evil and the cooking capacity of Isabella (Cruz), who was born in Bahia, Brazil and learns to cook at an early age of his parents' cook.
To cure her transport pain, his parents tried all the remedies, until they went to a spiritualist who prayed to the sea goddess for her remedy.
She is able to control him now as long as she does not drive a car, go up, I am dancing and is the woman at the top during love.
In other words, she must control things.
In her small fishermen's town, she falls in love with a beautiful Latin Macho server, Toninho Oliveira (Murilo Ben? Cio) and the wife.
They open a successful restaurant, where she slaves in the kitchen, but he gets all the merit, even if he is a moccasin.
One night she catches her in bed with another girl and decides to leave for San Francisco.
We do not see her in flight, so I cannot say how she managed her problem of transport disease - unless she is stolen on the plane.
She visits the apartment of her friend Monica (Harold Perrineau Jr.), who is a cross-drummer, based directly in the scene of San Francisco.
To throw her love for the irresistible Toninho, she calls her spiritualist friend and made her launch an irreversible spell, freeing her to love her again.
Her luck changes when a local television producer Cliff (Mark Feurerstein) obtains a puff in her kitchen and gets attached to her kitchen class as if she were in a spell and presents her own live cooking program live.
You can really write the script from yourself by yourself ... While the discouraged tone starts to do how good it had a good thing, but things continue to go wrong for him: there is aCurse he caused on fishing in his village, there is no chef to replace his wife, because the restaurant is overwhelming for good.
He therefore comes to San Francisco, thinking that he can charm it again.
He brings with him his guitar playing musicians, those he used when they court it, when he serenade it under his window.
He sees his wife on television with Monica as her acolyte, the television producer Yuppie who pursues her, and sees that she is no longer charmed by him.
When he sneaks on his television shows and tries to court her with his musical group and singing her songs of cheesy love, the notes go up and he is hired as a regular in the series.
The show becomes so large that the Honchos network arrives on board, the national manager.
But they want to change the ethnic flavor of the show, get rid of Monica because he is a monster, having Isabella cook with Tabasco instead of the Brazilian peppers she uses, and they change her ethnic dresses in sexy dresses Vanna Whitecup.
Cliff, his potential boyfriend, acts scary and the sides of the Big-Shots network, EV But he loved everything she was doing.
These television scenes were not only scenes of stereotypes of television, they revolted.
It was an insult to his intelligence.
I'm sure I'm not spoiling the end for anyone, when I tell you that Toninho reforms her macho tracks and together, they prepare a meal that breaks his fate of loveing him again.
If the film was not terrible enough, Monica and Cliff act on their attraction for each other and become lovers.
It was so clumsily made, that he had no sense of truth or humor.
This film could as well have been directed by the same guys from the network presented in this film, because it does not seem or does not feel like an almod? Var movie, the type of film that he aspired to be, but more like a film that has been interfered from above.
It's more like a futile commercial film that is more boring than charming and duller than chic, because it is looking for the paradise of the box office.