After a decrease marketing of striking visuals and the promise of stars caliber actors, Mission to Mars ends up launching a whiteleball.
Fiercely without original, the director Depalma passed a film together by borrowing heavily from what happened before him.
There are extraterrestrials similar to those of close meetings of the third type.
The failed astronaut theme recalls Robinson Crusoe on Mars.
Astronauts encounter spatial flight difficulties that feel Apollo 13.
The visuals of the interior space vessels are redolent of 2001: a space odyssey.
Instead of using these components as a launch ramp to create his own film, from Palma stops just there, refusing to infuse the film with anything even resembling a distance to an intelligence or a heart.
Mission to Mars made its first banks in a barbecue pre-launched in which the introductions of superficial characters are made.
During these surface scans of the characters, we learn that Jim McConnell (Sinis) lost his wife.
This is a point in the intrigue revisited throughout the film with the subtlety of Jackhammer.
The rest of the crew has bland affability.
There is no conflict, no friction to add the dramatic tension of these men and women being limited to closed districts for a long time.
Maybe Depalma went for the camaraderie of good things, but in this film, astronauts had personality embers to warm us through the technical aspects.
It is the year 2020 and it is the first inhabited excursion from NASA to the red planet.
A team, led by Luke Graham (Cheadle), arrives on Mars and quickly discovers an anomaly, which they investigate with tragic results.
Graham is capable of transmitting a reminder of scrambled distress on earth.
In response, the land sends a rescue team made up of McConnell, Woody Blake (Robbins), wife Terra Fisher (Nielsen) and Phil Ohlmyer (O'Connell).
Obstacles are put on the way to the crew and they are in fact intended to resolve them.
I should say that McConnell will solve them.
Many and many times, McConnell is presented as a kind of prodigy, which would not be so bad if the rest of the crew did not seem so aggressive.
 (The mention must be made of the Misogynous manipulation of Fisher in a situation where the mission and life of the whole crew are deadly.
In a team of professionals, it is described as a weak link led by an emotion.
Women are useless in the film other than to serve as a reflection of the personality trait of a male character.)
As they land on Mars and try to resolve the mystery of what happened, Mission to Mars begins to lie on the clichés and a dialogue stowed with a heavy brush.
There is an adage in the film to "show, not to say".
The mission in Mars makes both.
Many times .
The characters obsessively explain the evidence, explain their actions as they do them, explain to the other astronauts of the facts which should be a fundamental knowledge for them.
The conclusion of the film is a momumental, anti-climatic and not satting derivative.
Going out, I was wondering who could be the target audience for this film.
The best I can find is the boys of pre-adolescent age, but at that time saturated with the media, the components of this film would have been an old hat even for them.
I must think that what attracted such a talent in this film was the attraction of making a good modern B film.
The key to such a business is a certain depth and sincerity towards the material.
I did not feel such seriously.