The U.S. The Armée uses a certain number of books called field manuals which stipulate the specific way in which almost all imaginable actions must be carried out.
A particular field manual is known as FM 22-5, which, among other things, covers the practice of greeting.
As part of the "Salvation" section is a sub-section which covers the way in which a salvation is rendered by a detail of military work in the presence of a superior officer.
Salvation is made by the highest person presents when the senior officer comes six steps from detail and is abandoned when the officer passes six steps from details.
Anyway, salvation is only rendered by the man (or the woman) in charge, rather than by the whole group.
Almost at the very beginning of the general's daughter, we see the motorcycle of a general passing a work detail.
Everyone greets.
It looked impressive, but it was not fair.
This little song showed me that someone did not do the appropriate research, or made the conscious decision to go in style on the substance for the scene.
In fact, this would serve as a metaphor for the rest of the image, because it seems that director Simon West has tried so hard to create a film with an atmosphere and a flash that he forgot a coherent story and good characterization isAlso crucial for a good film.
The results are a film that looks good, but like this scene, is not fair.
The first fifteen minutes of the film are a good example.
Paul Brenner (John Travolta) is an agent of the Division of Criminal Investigations of the Army, under cover in a base of the Army of Georgia to investigate an illegal sale of weapons.
Before the transaction, the buyer obtains a puff that Brenner is not the unscrupulous supply sergeant he is supposed to be, and later in the night, tries to kill him by pulling on the barge on which Brenner lives.
Thus follows a sequence of action of chat and mice which ends as a certain scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark (we will simply say that this implies propellers).
Brenner then receives new orders when the daughter of General Commander, Captain Elisabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson), is found naked, linked and died on one of the base training ranges.
He is associated with the rape investigator Sarah Sunhill (Madeleine Stowe) to discover the truth about the particularly horrible murder.
What I want to know is why the whole action scene with the arms buyer was even necessary.
This gives no glimpse of Brenner, apart from the fact that he is a little arrogant.
Does the arm sub -intrigue arise later?
No, so why add this additional duration to the film?
The answer: it looked cool.
Or how about "the atmosphere"?
The beginning of the general's daughter presents us with deep south images - thick trees, dirt roads, sensual colors on the water - all supported with Bayouesque music.
Nice immersion in the context, but that does not matter, because when the intrigue of the film goes to the investigation into the murder, just like the atmosphere.
No attention is paid to the location of the story, and the music is modified to adapt to a very generic thriller theme.
Did the filmmakers began to think that they were making a different film?
Instead of creating an atmospheric theme coherent for the whole film, we obtain the distraction of one theme followed by another, simply because the director thought that he should show part of the campaign.
The above examples also serve to illustrate that inconsistency is another problem with this film.
As I have already mentioned, an entire section of the film does not approach the rest, and the characterization only adds to the difficulty.
Brenner, who appears to be a man with little respect for authority, suddenly sink in the presence of General Campbell (James Cromwell) and pronounces some of the most cordial "yes" that I have ever heard.
He even delivers an emotional monologue on the reasons why he will work so hard to catch the person who killed the general Girl, even if he was totally casual about all of this a few minutes before.
Sunhill, who initially appears as a professional investigator, uses some manifestly illegal methods to obtain information and even revel in his ingenuity.
The two characters are protagonists, but it is difficult to get behind them when their personalities are everywhere, and in some cases, just unattractive.
I could imagine that during the shooting, West was shooting a scene, then took the actors aside and said to them: "Remotes again, but this time, I want more."
I say that because although Travolta and Stowe are normally very good, in this film, they have exaggerated too much in most of their scenes.
An offender still worse is Clarence Williams III as the general's help, Colonel Fowler.
I swear that the guy says all his lines of the position of attention.
Far from his days as Linc in "The Mod Squad", I can't help but think that he was acting from the management of West.
Some secondary characters, including a West Point psychologist (John Beasly) and a private young woman (Ariyan A. Johnson) make their scenes almost impossible to bear.
The only two actors who seem to have escaped the influence of West are James Woods, which offers good performance as Colonel Moore, Elisabeth's mentor in the unity of psychological operations and Timothy Hutton as colonel kentMilitary police.
Woods savor the role of a man whose work plays with the minds of people, and does it without ever taking it above.
Hutton drags in a way, but at least he was not over-acting.
I have not read the novel by Nelson Demille on which this film was based, but I will bet more than a few dollars than the story was better in the form of a book.
The cinematographic version has characters who come and go with little or nothing to do, except to fill the space, or provide information that seems to mean nothing in terms of progression of history or revealing a meaning once all'History finished.
Whenever we are presented with a new aspect to the case, West gives us more of this flash by playing it as if it was the most important discovery of all time, but the information is not used at all by theInvestigators.
Instead, when the conclusions are drawn, these are huge jumps of faith that you are wondering if successful investigations are not based on facts, but lucky assumptions instead.
The army should have saved time by calling on Brennan and Sunhill, letting them play a game of twenty questions with the suspects, then letting them guess who was the killer.
would have been finished for half an hour.
The film ends with a kind of book greenhouse, with the same style and the same landscapes in the south as the very beginning.
Literally during the fence credits, we see Brennan get in his car and go, then we can see Sunhill get in his car and leave.
They both seem rather happy.
Maybe they were moving away from Simon West.