Robin Williams has the rarest gifts: the ability to rise above the most incompetent material and suffice from his irreverent style.
Still, his worst films diverge at worst and at best (with the notable exception of Flubber).
So when me, the only person who refused to abandon him despite Patch Adams, tells you that even Williams cannot save his last project, you know that it is in difficulty.
Jakob The Liar is a small confused and confused film; a generic film "edifying" with a fundamental contradiction: the message he transmits is depressing as opposed to inspiration and the film does not make him.
Williams plays Jakob Haim, a Jew imprisoned in a Polish ghetto during the Second World War.
One night, he walks outside after the curfew and was quickly sent to the office of a high-ranking German officer for his punishment.
Jakob is easily removed and he hears about 30 seconds of radio broadcasting.
The announcement (in English, but punctuated by a "Heil Hitler!" Triumphant) is that the Russian troops are only kilometers from the Jakob ghetto.
Liberation! He thinks.
The next day, Jakob tells the news to his nearest friend, a volatile fighter named Misha (Liev Schreiber), who, despite the secret, tightened the secret.
Soon, it is a common hypothesis in the ghetto that Jakob has a hidden radio in his home - a crime punishable by death.
It is absurdly false, but the more Jakob tells the people of the ghetto, the more they become convinced that he is aware of the last developments of the war which are to decide their fate.
The danger, of course, is that the Germans would have informants throughout the ghetto, and rumors on the radio can go out and put Jakob in great danger.
In a curiously non -relevant nuptial intrigue, Jakob finds an 11 -year -old girl who separated from her parents and decides to hide her in her little house.
Apparently, he is afraid of being discovered, and starts to make sure that - just why the idea is the scary is never clearly indicated.
He and the girl build an unrescited generic relationship which is never going anywhere and which is not relevant at the end that at the beginning.
The moral of history is that hope is the best medication.
But Jakob liar forgets that the hope that Jakob brings to his ghetto is false.
Such hope inevitably leads to expectations of its realization and when these expectations are not satisfied, the results are much worse if there were no hope.
It is the greatest detriment of the film: it is based on a false hypothesis and therefore presents itself as painfully false.
He never moves because it doesn't give us anything to move.
Jakob the liar does not draw any rope which destroys his objective for existing.
Robin Williams does not inject the film with life, in fact, he seems a little absent, as paralyzed by his false accent.
He is extremely unintegrated; his character is the one who propagates hope, but his performance is lifeless, hopeless.
Not since good will, he abandoned his style of signature to this extent; it is not the Robin Williams that we know and love.
In good will, he has become a serious actor and won an Oscar for this.
Here, he is more a serious budding actor; an impostor.
Jakob the liar will be compared to last year's life is magnificent because he is marketed as a "Holocaust comedy".
It is not a comedy.
He sometimes tries, but it rarely works.
Is it a melodrama?
War movie?
A character study?
No, no and no.
Jakob The Liar is the kind of film that cannot be placed in a category; not because it covers so many different genres, but because he fails to almost everyone he tries.