a lot of noise for nothing .
Ah, like irony!
Wisdom is accepted in certain circles - among English literature, mainly - that each time a critic hits Shakespeare, they only do so by ignorance.
He doesn't "understand" Shakespeare, you hear them say.
Bard work is apparently beyond criticism.
What a burden of old shoemakers.
If these referees of public taste think that Kenneth Branaugh's film "Comedy" by Shakespeare Much Ado about nothing is comedy in a modern sense of the term, it is time to get a life.
Get Monty Python.
Get Woody Allen.
Get John Waters.
never mind .
You just have to have a real taste for an intelligent, full -minded and risky comedy.
And ban this nonsense in its place.
The drama and tragedy were Shakespeare's strength.
To my sensitivity - and I am not a stick in the mud - a lot of note about nothing does not resonate without any spark.
No pleasure: this film ranks among the two most embarrassing hours that I have ever spent in a cinema in my 20 years of film.
The only thing that prevented me from getting out was loyalty to my friend, because it was our day and I hadn't seen her for ages.
But my boy, she owes me one!
I will not spend too much time on the plot.
Basically, we follow the tests and tribulations of two potential couples - a young person, the other older.
There is a dark betrayal among all this, but everyone is so terribly joyful that you barely knew it.
Be careful, there is nothing wrong with the basic story.
Good romantic comedies based on similar premises abound.
Nothing bad either with most actors.
BRANAUGH, Emma Thompson and Denzel Washington are all talented artists.
The problem is the script, or more precisely, the original text of Shakespeare.
Light comedy should not be complex.
However, wrapped in English Elisabethain, dialogue becomes difficult to understand.
For that alone, it will be a problem for the modern public not educated in Shakespeare and in search of anything more than a good little demanding laugh.
The only laughs to escape my belly were caused by the gloriously inept performance of Keanu Reeves, the actor once again sheltered from a jealous half-brother or something.
But when it is dissected and understood, what comes down to what everything comes down is that this thing is so damn blade.
It is such a clean and pleasant comedy and cheesy and so devoid of danger that it leaves this spectator completely cold.
Ho, ho, ho, boy loves the girl!
Ho, ho, ho, men are such klutz!
Ho, ho, ho, she is so terribly awkward!
Oh please!
There is spirit here somewhere, I am told.
I call her pretentious.
Something light striving to be sophisticated thanks to an intelligent play on words.
In the end, it is worthy of worthy of Digne.
Looking at some of the cinema customers around me collapse with laughter has made much no more noise for nothing of a very bizarre film experience.
Comedy?
Well, Humbug!