"Marie could not speak," tells us about the daughter of her family of origin.
 "Dad could not listen to.
And mom couldn't face, so they got rid of me. "
Paulie, the autobiography of a conversation, not just an imitation, Parrot, has Jay Mohr in the main role of the bird - the voice, not the body - and as a minor character of Benny, a short time that usesPaulie to be small scams such as twenty -year -old flights to automatic ticket distributors.
As a parrot, Mohr is delicious when the director John Roberts allows him to cut.
Benny, on the other hand, is a character that you have seen a thousand times before, and Mohr brings nothing new to this role.
The deliberately slow rhythm of Roberts of Laurie Craig's script lends a subtle sweetness to his humor but creates defined problems.
When a children's film wants Mosey, be careful.
If the material is not clear and perfectly composed, beauty can sometimes dissolve in boredom.
So it's with Paulie.
When they let their bird do its comedy routines, the show is buzzing and the public roars.
Too often, however, a sleepy silence follows among viewers while they are waiting for history to be picked up again.
Tony Shalhoub, the intelligent chief of Big Night, plays Misha, a recent Russian immigrant to the U.S. he had been a professor of literature at home, but now he earns his life as a concierge in the animal research laboratory to which Paulie hasbeen taken to study.
Although Misha has some beautiful lines ("I am Russian.
I like long stories. "),
Its dark part seems only designed to arouse our sympathy.
In addition to Paulie, the only character who deserves to be noted - other than 2 cute little pieces played by Cheech Marin and Gina Rowlands - is the Mary going to speak, played in a precious performance of the new cinematographic vendor, Hallie Kate Eisenberg, 5years.
Naturally enchanting, it gives the image an authentic heart.
The bad news is that its game is limited to the first half.
The best scenes have the dancing bird and strutting to show its comic skills.
When Marie's family obtains a cat, for example, the bird, who has not wanted to learn to fly so far, is instantly interested in ramp-up.
Sorting the cat while insulting it at the same time, Paulie calls her a stupid hair of hair.
Their rapid physical antics add to the humor of the situation.
It is good quality sitcom equipment but carried out by animals.
When one of the humans without a lot of voices begins to sing, Paulie creaks.
 "I am a bird," he explains with his often subtle humor.
 "I have a small brain, and it is about to explode."
The film contains rich doses of John Debney's dreamy music.
With a strong use of a solo violin, he continues to strengthen the comforting themes of the film.
And when Paulie finally takes off in flight, the orchestra appears noisy and strong with cymbals competed.
 "It's a long story," said Paulie.
 "It is the only genre he knows," reflects Misha.
And the film, which manages the standard length of a children's film, always feels too long.
The best parts are exciting, but there are all these dead points between the two.
Paulie is a film that never holds completely up to her promise but manages to charm nevertheless.
Paulie works 1: 32.
He rages PG for some light blasphemies and would go well for all ages.
My son, Jeffrey, 9, gave the film * * with his greatest complaint being that there was not enough action.
He thought Paulie was funny and the actress who played Marie was quite good.
His friend Sam, almost 9, thought that the film was "brilliant, excellent", and gave it * * *.
He thought that Paulie was good, but he did not believe in the way in which Mary's speech was acted.