Starship Troopers is a bad film.
I mean, a bad film really, really,.
Not only does he cross the line of bad taste with regard to blood, blood and parts of the body shown on the screen, but he jumps with deeply this line, without knowing that the movies trailers appeal to an audienceFrom five to fifteen years old (deque I saw a lot in the theater).
Looking beyond the appalling sight of exaggerated violence, we end up with a film with a thin intrigue at best, no main strong characters, a flagrant contempt for physics and a very obvious Nazi theme.
That being said, on the criticism: the film begins with a message of propaganda from the federation (whose logo which looks like * to a Nazi German eagle), urging the population to leave and fight the bugs, which try to destroy.
The film shows great rallies with the young children present, promising allegiance to the Federation (again, seems familiar to you?).
As the film progresses, we are shown a formation of terrorist tactics, as a drilling sargeant to graphically aggravate the fractures of the arm recruits and throw a knife in the hand of another.
Finally, the recruits embarked on a trip to a space to two thirds through the galaxy of the Milky Way, to fight insects on their original planet.
While our "hero" of travel faster than light arrive on the planet, they fall on the planet and have erupted our brandishing of their crafts ...
 " What ? "
You say: "Weapons of the laser beam?
sound weapons?
Phasers?
Canons Photon? ".
No, they jump by brandishing good old machine guns from 1997, pumping rifles and tactical nuclear weapons!
I guess a lot of physics of physics has come on a trip and not in armaments.
While the assault begins, our group of soldiers is seen walking in a straight line through a canyon of a box.
Two members of the group note that the rocks slipped and fall above them, and we even see a sequence passing, but does not neglect it as nothing.
Of course, this leads to a more massive carnage, the blood-water breaker and graphic representations of limbs and torn heads cut off from their bodies.
Again, I see that military tactics in the future had to evolve roughly at the same rate as their weapons!
In the end, we see Neil Patrick "Doogie Howser" Harris bursting on the scene in what could be described with precision as a Nazi SS trench, a hat and gloves.
He makes a Vulcan spirit blend on in the giant slug, then proclaims that insects are afraid!
This puts the soldiers in a frenzy, because they are now one more step of the completion of their objective, the total genocide of a species (again, seems familiar to you ??).
I tried very hard not to walk and spoil the intrigue with this criticism, but since it is not existing, I may have anyway.
I could continue to tear this film to tear this film, but I don't want to get bored too much.
In short, I had the impression that I had been subjected to a mixture between a pro-Nazi war film with bugs substituted for the allies, a film training film for drivers and a complete virgin screen (The intrigue, of course).
I would not recommend this film to anyone, anywhere.
Copyright (C) 1997 Tim Jandt ">