Battlefield long, boring and simply stupid
Land battlefield
A film review by Michael Redman Copyright 2000 by Michael Redman
In the midst of adolescence, I made a horrible reappoximative nightmare.
At the wheel of a car, I was driving on a straight road in the middle of a desert.
No landscape except the horizon line and the converging parallel lines of the highway.
No matter what I did, the view has not changed: traveling but not going nowhere.
Every time I woke up in sweat, terrified.
You don't need to be Carl Jung to understand this dream.
Immatssed to make changes, trapped in a boring situation without hope of rescue, it is the nightmare fabric that we sleep or awaken.
This is exactly what you will feel 15 minutes after the start of "Battlefield Earth".
For all of his flash and style, L. The Science Fiction exhaust of Ron Hubbard is the first and best entry for the dull summer film of 2000.
dull "and" stupid.
In the year 3000, the Aliens psycho governed our planet for 1,000 years.
Humans work as slaves in mining operations or live as barbarians.
There is no hope.
The future is dark.
Then, the psychlo makes a mistake and captures the fiery Jonnie Goodboy Tyler (Barry Pepper) who organizes a revolution against the head of security Terl (John Travolta) and the extraterrestrial race.
It is a post-apocalyptic archetypal plot full of promises.
Given some of the talents involved and all millions launched on the screen, it is difficult to see how it could have failed so miserably.
But this is the case.
The story is so full of holes that it collapses in the minutes of opening credits.
Are we really supposed to believe that after a gold research millennium, the psychlo has never discovered Fort Knox?
Or that fighter planes are still in perfect condition after all this time - and gassed?
Or that the men of the caves become pilots of experts in seven days that they can easily descend advanced extraterrestrial ships?
Or that the psycho spy cameras not notice that their slaves are missing for days?
Travolta spreads through the screen the striking for all that is worth and is almost entertaining.
almost .
The other actors are wooden models who try not to laugh while delivering lines that no person - "man -animal" or not - never pronounces.
Part of the film _Looks_ good, but it also seems so familiar.
A breed of large monkey -shaped creatures has taken over the world while our cities are in ruins.
Does it look like something Charlton Heston could be?
The psychlo looks like overweight klingons "dune".
The last air battle between Air Force fighters and psychlo ships in their high -tech city is something to which George Lucas could have been associated.
It's too strong .
It's too oppressive.
It's too slow.
It's too long ... far
too long .
And that's fine.
The list of problems with "Battlefield Earth" is endless.
It is difficult to find anything in the film that works.
Oh yeah .
The color palette is pleasant.
The real question is how this film was made.
Could this have something to do with the fact that L.ron Hubbard was the founder of Scientology?
And that John Travolta is a member of the Church.
This could explain why Travolta bought the rights of the novel years ago.
But that does not give us an idea of the reason why the first atrocious script of Corey Mandell's screenwriter was used.
Or why the high -level project was responsible for Roger Christian who had never made a major film.
Or why nobody looked at this thing before its release and realized that there could be problems.
The only luminous point is that "The Postman" by Kevin Costner (which I assume as a result of like a guilty pleasure) will be "the" Big Budget Science Fiction Fails.
 "Battlefield Earth" has the honor sewn.
Often, criticisms recommend that you jump poor films and wait for the video.
it's not The case here.
You can act now and make the decision not to see it on the big screen or on the small.
Do not hesitate.
Now hit while the iron is cold.